go to Walter Hall and then go to the Campus Market .
travel to Brown Bear .
move to the Casey Shearer Memorial without entering the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
from the Faunce House go to Idee di pietra .
go to Norwood House .
always go through the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop and then to University Hall .
go to Mencoff Hall but do not enter the Salomon Center for Teaching first .
go to 1 Campus Market after Simmons Quadrangle
avoid Manning until you go to Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to Lincoln Field Building by avoiding the Medical Research Lab and then stay there or continue to the Medical Research Lab .
always avoid Hope College and go to Rockefeller Library .
go through the War Memorial to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to Saint Stephens Church while avoiding going through any other objects
avoid Littlefield Hall until you pass through Finlandia .
go to the Prospect House avoiding Wayland .
move to John Carter Brown Library .
navigate to the P-131317 after going to the Idee di pietra .
move to Caswell Hall , but go through the William Goddard Memorial Gate first .
go to the Blue Room and then go to the Lot 76 .
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ through the Van Wickle Gates .
go to College Green after going to John Carter Brown Library .
always avoid going through the Lippit House to the Soldiers Memorial Gate
go to 1 Lincoln Field Building after Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop
go to the Barus Building before going to the Salomon Center for Teaching
go to the Hegeman and then go to Urban Environmental Lab .
avoid the Urban Environmental Lab on your way to the Brown Bear . once you get to the Brown Bear you can to the Urban Environmental Lab .
avoid the Urban Environmental Lab and go to Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to the List Art Building .
move to Medical Research Lab without entering the Citizen's Bank . then you may stay at Medical Research Lab or go to the Citizen's Bank .
avoid Swearer Center for Public Service until going to Marcus Aurelius .
go to the Littlefield Hall avoiding the Brown Bear . go through the Littlefield Hall to get to the Brown Bear .
go to Urban Environmental Lab through Blue Room
go to the Simmons Quadrangle , and then go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
navigate to the Marston Hall before going to the Horace Mann House .
go through the Brown Bear , then make your way to Gardner House .
go to Watson Center for Information Technology through the Blue Room
avoid the P-131317 until going to the Friedman Hall .
navigate directly to the Quiet Green .
go to Robinson Hall via the Faunce House .
navigate to the Van Wickle Gates avoiding Citizen's Bank .
go to anywhere on the Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to Brown Bear , then go to Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color while avoiding Horace Mann House
avoid the College Green until you go to the 67 George .
go through the 86 Waterman  to the P-131317
first go to Arnold Laboratory , then go to the Wilbour Hall .
go to the Brown Bear avoiding Quiet Green .
avoid the Simmons Quadrangle until after going to the Wayland .
navigate to the Slavery Memorial .
avoid the Van Wickle Gates until you go to the Horace Mann House .
go to the Lot 76 avoiding Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
navigate to the Friedman Hall but do not pass through the Maxcy Green .
go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear
go to the Hegeman via GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to the Lyman Hall without going to the Kassar House .
proceed to the John Hay Library .
always go through the Robinson Gate to get to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
avoid Marston Hall until going to the Barus Building .
go to the Brown University Sciences Library without going through the Rhode Island Hall .
go to Finlandia while avoiding going through any other objects
avoid the University Hall until going through Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to the War Memorial and avoid the Minden Hall .
go from the Citizen's Bank to Barus Building
head to the Salomon Center for Teaching without going through the Brown University
avoid Horace Mann House , and go to Quiet Green .
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching through the Van Wickle Gates
go through the Brown Bear to the Slater Hall .
go to the Hughes Court .
avoid the Salomon Center for Teaching until going to the 86 Waterman  .
go through the Marston Hall to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to the Barus Building through Lot 18
stay on the John Hay Library while navigating to University Hall .
from the BERT , navigate to the Lot 18 .
avoid Brown Center for Students of Color and go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to the Marcus Aurelius
always avoid Manning and go to Lot 76 .
move to J.W. Wilson without entering the Norwood House . then you may stay at J.W. Wilson or go to the Norwood House .
avoid the Slavery Memorial and go to the Norwood House .
move to Horace Mann House without entering the Norwood House . then you may stay at Horace Mann House or go to the Norwood House .
go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate while avoiding Sharpe Refectory
avoid Metcalf Research Building and go to Rhode Island Hall .
go to the Lyman Hall and then head to Arnold Laboratory .
always go through the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology before going to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
avoid the Hughes Court and go to the Brown Bear .
avoid Campus Market and go to Mencoff Hall if you have reached Mencoff Hall then you can go to Campus Market .
go to Sharpe Refectory then go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go from the Saint Stephens Church to the Starbucks
go to Quiet Green before going to Urban Environmental Lab .
stay on the Lot 76 and go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to the Maxcy Hall and then go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to Campus Market , but do not go to Brown University Sciences Library .
go to the Metcalf Research Building , then go to the Lot 76 .
avoid P-131317 and go to the The Ivy Room .
avoid the Brown Bear and go to the Minden Hall .
avoid the first and Manning and go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go through The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ before going to the 67 George .
go to Class of 1872 Gate before going to Brown Bear .
go to the Friedman Hall before going to Maxcy Green
go to Van Wickle Gates .
go to BERT then go to BERT .
go to the The Ivy Room , then go to the Salomon Center for Teaching
go to the Manning without ever leaving the 86 Waterman  .
go to Rockefeller Library through Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to Norwood House then go to the John Hay Library .
go to 67 George via the BERT .
avoid GeoChem and Macmillian Hall and go to the Saint Stephens Church .
navigate to Maxcy Hall through the Blue Room .
move to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
always avoid the Citizen's Bank and go to the Hughes Court .
avoid Blue Room and go to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
head to the Sharpe Refectory .
go through the Friedman Hall to the Metcalf Research Building .
move to Robinson Gate , but travel to the Watson Center for Information Technology first .
go to or through the Kassar House . always avoid going to the Kassar House through Littlefield Hall
avoid the Salomon Center for Teaching and go to the List Art Building .
move to anywhere on the Prospect House , then move to anywhere on the Hegeman .
go to Simmons Quadrangle then Norwood House .
go to the Sharpe Refectory but avoid Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop if you reached to the Sharpe Refectory then you can head to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop or stay put .
go to the John Carter Brown Library then the Mencoff Hall .
avoid the John Carter Brown Library until you go to the Marston Hall .
avoid Metcalf Research Building and go to Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to the Sayles Hall through the Rockefeller Library .
avoid J.W. Wilson until after reaching Starbucks .
go to or through the Salomon Center for Teaching . always avoid going to the Salomon Center for Teaching through Lot 18
go to Campus Market but remain on the Brown University .
go through the Prospect House before going to the Maxcy Hall .
go through Friedman Hall to Brown Bear .
avoid Watson Center for Information Technology and proceed to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall
go to the College Green by first going to the Prince Engineering Lab .
move to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to the John Carter Brown Library then the Manning .
avoid the Wayland until going to Van Wickle Gates .
go to Maxcy Hall passing through the The Ivy Room .
go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology and avoid the College Green .
navigate to Lot 18 , always avoiding John Hay Library .
avoid Saint Stephens Church and go to the Sears .
go up to the Lyman Hall without going to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
avoid the Sears on your way to Maddock Alumni  .
go from the Maxcy Green to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences
avoid the John Carter Brown Library until going to Brown Bear .
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color but avoid the John Hay Library .
navigate to the Brown Bear but do n't ever go to Arnold Laboratory .
go to Starbucks before going to Medical Research Lab .
avoid Citizen's Bank until you go to Lot 17 .
avoid the Shirley Miller House and reach Class of 1872 Gate
go through Gardner House to College Green .
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology and then go to Kassar House .
go to the Saint Stephens Church and then to Simmons Quadrangle .
go to the Brown Bear , then go to the Prince Engineering Lab
avoid Prospect House and go to the Lippit House .
go to Carrie Tower .
go to the Minden Hall .
go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to the Horace Mann House then the Carrie Tower .
avoid The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ while navigating to Norwood House .
go from the Van Wickle Gates to Caswell Hall
go through the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology to The Ivy Room .
go to or through the Lyman Hall always avoid going through the Lippit House
go to the Brown Bear through the Wriston Quad
go to the Sharpe Refectory .
stay on the Class of 1887 Gate and navigate to Salomon Center for Teaching .
head to the Mencoff Hall without going through the Lyman Hall
do not navigate away from the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ and go to the BERT .
navigate to Swearer Center for Public Service through the Class of 1872 Gate .
go to the Sharpe Refectory .
navigate to the Maddock Alumni  before going to the Wayland .
go to Lincoln Field Building but always avoid John Carter Brown Library .
go to J.W. Wilson only through the Walter Hall
always avoid Van Wickle Gates and go to the Lot 76 .
go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology and then to the J.W. Wilson .
avoid the Starbucks until Wilbour Hall .
go to the Idee di pietra .
move toward the 67 George .
head to the Caswell Hall .
go to Maxcy Green through the Marcus Aurelius .
navigate directly to the Arnold Laboratory .
go to the Carrie Tower .
go to anywhere on the Mencoff Hall .
head to the Campus Market but first go to the Hegeman .
avoid Hope College and go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity before going to Marston Hall .
move to the Hope College without leaving the Walter Hall .
go to Slater Hall through the Brown University
go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology before you go to Untitled Lamp/Bear .
avoid the Arnold Laboratory until you go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
always avoid the Class of 1887 Gate , go to Campus Market .
go to Metcalf Research Building through the Norwood House
go to Robinson Hall through the Kassar House .
avoid Quiet Green and go to List Art Building if you have reached List Art Building then you can go to Quiet Green .
avoid Quiet Green and go to Soldiers Memorial Gate if you 've reached Soldiers Memorial Gate then you can go to Quiet Green .
go to John Hay Library and then to Walter Hall
avoid the Soldiers Memorial Gate until you navigate to the Hegeman .
visit the Robinson Gate and then move to the Urban Environmental Lab .
avoid the Simmons Quadrangle until you navigate to Class of 1872 Gate .
move to Hegeman after moving to the Prospect House .
avoid the first and Lincoln Field Building and go to Idee di pietra .
avoid the University Hall on the way to Walter Hall .
avoid the Untitled Lamp/Bear until after you 've gone to the Brown Bear .
always avoid the 86 Waterman  and go to University Hall .
go to the BERT and then to Kassar House .
avoid William Goddard Memorial Gate and go to the Prospect House .
avoid the Friedman Hall and go to the Robinson Gate .
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to the Sharpe Refectory and avoid the Maddock Alumni  .
do n't go into the Citizen's Bank until going to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall
go to Maxcy Green while always avoiding the Wayland
go to Saint Stephens Church but always stay away from Untitled Lamp/Bear .
pass through Lot 18 before going to the Hope College .
avoid Metcalf Research Building until going to Arnold Laboratory .
avoid John Hay Library until you go to Campus Market .
navigate to the John Hay Library through the Robinson Hall .
avoid the Watson Center for Information Technology until going to the Slater Hall .
avoid The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ until you go to 67 George .
navigate to the Class of 1887 Gate avoiding Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
avoid the Brown Bear and go to J.W. Wilson .
avoid Prince Engineering Lab , and go to Kassar House .
go to the Lippit House
go to Wayland while avoiding the first and Marcus Aurelius .
avoid the Brown Center for Students of Color until going to Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Starbucks before going to the Lot 17 .
go to or through Brown Bear always avoid going to Van Wickle Gates through Van Wickle Gates
go through Lyman Hall before going to the Brown University Sciences Library .
stay on the 67 George and go to P-131317 .
go to Blue Room and then go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
avoid Lot 17 and proceed to Maxcy Hall
always avoid the Arnold Laboratory while navigating to William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to Walter Hall while avoiding the J.W. Wilson .
go to Maxcy Hall through the Lyman Hall
go to Salomon Center for Teaching before going to J.W. Wilson
always avoid going through the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall to the Quiet Green
go through Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity and then to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Walter Hall while avoiding Citizen's Bank .
go to the Sears avoiding the Simmons Quadrangle . only if you reached the Sears then you may proceed to the Simmons Quadrangle .
go to Lot 76 and proceed to Walter Hall .
go from Walter Hall to Mencoff Hall .
avoid the Simmons Quadrangle until you go to the Starbucks .
always go through the William Goddard Memorial Gate and then to Starbucks .
go to Prince Engineering Lab
approach the Sharpe Refectory while avoiding the Finlandia .
visit the Rockefeller Library then go to the Brown Bear .
go to the John Hay Library .
go to Van Wickle Gates by first going to the University Hall .
go to Kassar House and then to College Green
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop
go from the Caswell Hall to Robinson Gate
avoid Manning until you go to the 67 George .
go to the Robinson Hall but avoid GeoChem and Macmillian Hall if you reached to the Robinson Hall then you can head to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall or stay put .
go to the Van Wickle Gates through the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
avoid the Metcalf Research Building and go to the Lippit House .
avoid the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall and go to the Lot 76 .
go to the Starbucks .
avoid Lot 18 until after the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity
avoid Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology until going to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
always avoid Slater Hall and go to Rockefeller Library .
go to Casey Shearer Memorial through J.W. Wilson .
go to Salomon Center for Teaching through the Circle Dance Sculpture
navigate to the Van Wickle Gates before going to 86 Waterman  .
proceed to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
avoid the Lot 18 until you navigate to the Citizen's Bank .
go to Carrie Tower
go to the Hope College through Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to The Ivy Room , avoid the Maddock Alumni  until you have been to the The Ivy Room
go to the Finlandia before going to J.W. Wilson
go through the Norwood House to Manning .
go through the Hegeman to the Campus Market .
go through Soldiers Memorial Gate before going to the Slavery Memorial .
go to Sears and avoid 2nd and Marcus Aurelius
navigate to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop before going to the Barus Building .
go to the Lot 17 .
always avoid Watson Center for Information Technology and go through the Campus Market .
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate without going to the Marcus Aurelius .
go to the Lot 76 through the Norwood House
go to the Robinson Gate whilst avoiding the John Hay Library .
always avoid going through 67 George
go to the Blue Room while always avoiding the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
move to Maddock Alumni  from the John Carter Brown Library .
move to the Hughes Court without leaving the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching then move to the Robinson Hall .
go to the Urban Environmental Lab through the Maddock Alumni 
always avoid going through the Marston Hall to the Saint Stephens Church
go to or through Sears avoiding going through Urban Environmental Lab
go to the Carrie Tower whilst avoiding the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
move to Shirley Miller House from the Slater Hall .
go through Walter Hall before going to the Maxcy Green .
move to the Carrie Tower then continue to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to the Maxcy Green while avoiding Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to or through the Idee di pietra . always avoid going to the Idee di pietra through Slavery Memorial
avoid William Goddard Memorial Gate until you go to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
while avoiding the Swearer Center for Public Service , navigate to Mencoff Hall .
go to Faunce House through the Manning
navigate directly to Salomon Center for Teaching .
move to anywhere on the Lot 76 , then move to anywhere on the College Green .
avoid the Blue Room until going to the Sayles Hall .
go to the Hope College by first going through the Sayles Hall .
do n't go into the Saint Stephens Church until going to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate
avoid the Wilbour Hall until after going to the Lot 17 .
go to the Finlandia .
do not go into the Robinson Gate until going to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity
avoid the second and Urban Environmental Lab and go to the Wayland .
do n't go into the Maddock Alumni  until going to J.W. Wilson
go to the Lyman Hall .
avoid the University Hall , navigate to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
navigate to the Maxcy Green after going to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go through the War Memorial before navigating to Starbucks .
go to the Manning through Sayles Hall
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity while avoiding Robinson Hall .
go to the Prince Engineering Lab and avoid Norwood House .
first move to John Hay Library then navigate to the Brown University Sciences Library .
go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate before going to University Hall
avoid Lincoln Field Building until you go to Minden Hall .
first navigate to the Robinson Gate , then make your way to the Shirley Miller House .
avoid Barus Building and go to Brown Bear .
avoid the Circle Dance Sculpture and go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
head to the Maxcy Green avoiding 86 Waterman  .
go to the Starbucks .
go to the Manning .
go to University Hall through Manning .
go through the Starbucks and navigate to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity , then proceed to Swearer Center for Public Service .
navigate to the Robinson Gate .
avoid the Quiet Green until you go to Soldiers Memorial Gate .
avoid the Medical Research Lab before you navigate to the Rhode Island Hall .
avoid Lippit House and go to List Art Building .
first move to Rockefeller Library then navigate to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go directly to Norwood House
go to Soldiers Memorial Gate and then go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
navigate to the Rhode Island Hall via the BERT .
remain on the Hegeman and navigate to the Finlandia .
always go to Barus Building before navigating to the Medical Research Lab .
avoid the War Memorial until going to the Finlandia .
visit Brown University Sciences Library but do n't leave the University Hall .
avoid the John Carter Brown Library
avoid 86 Waterman  and go to Lot 76 .
go to the P-131317 .
go to the Kassar House and then to Wayland .
go to Shirley Miller House .
avoid Barus Building and go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
avoid the Saint Stephens Church until going to the Maddock Alumni  .
navigate to the Prince Engineering Lab .
go to Medical Research Lab but always avoid Salomon Center for Teaching .
avoid the Salomon Center for Teaching until you go to Quiet Green .
avoid The Ivy Room and go to Sharpe Refectory .
always avoid the Faunce House , go to the Quiet Green .
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority through Campus Market .
go to Wayland and proceed to Citizen's Bank .
navigate to Lot 17 .
go to Horace Mann House then John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go through the Lippit House before going to John Nicholas Brown Gate
avoid the BERT before you navigate to the Class of 1887 Gate .
go through Brown University Sciences Library before going to the Arnold Laboratory .
always avoid Marcus Aurelius and go through the List Art Building .
go through the Untitled Lamp/Bear to the Robinson Hall .
go to Sayles Hall then go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go through the Untitled Lamp/Bear to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to the Finlandia through the Kassar House .
go to the Mencoff Hall after going to the Idee di pietra .
visit the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority and then proceed to the Van Wickle Gates .
navigate directly to William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to the Marston Hall through John Hay Library .
go to the P-131317 before going to the Finlandia .
always go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop before Barus Building .
avoid the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop and go to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to the Swearer Center for Public Service , then go to the Metcalf Research Building .
navigate to Blue Room through the Horace Mann House .
go to the Urban Environmental Lab then go to List Art Building .
go to Swearer Center for Public Service , then go to Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to the Norwood House , then proceed to Citizen's Bank .
go to the Lot 76 by first going through Arnold Laboratory .
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority , then proceed to Lincoln Field Building .
avoid the Hughes Court and go to the Rockefeller Library .
go to the Quiet Green .
go to the Van Wickle Gates avoiding the John Carter Brown Library .
go through the Brown University Sciences Library before going to 67 George
remain on the War Memorial and navigate to the BERT .
go to the Brown Bear
go to the Prince Engineering Lab through the J.W. Wilson .
avoid Medical Research Lab and go to War Memorial if you 've reached War Memorial then you can go to Medical Research Lab .
go to Urban Environmental Lab and proceed to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
avoid GeoChem and Macmillian Hall and go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to Brown University Sciences Library after going to Lot 18 .
go to the Metcalf Research Building avoiding the Metcalf Research Building . if you reached the Lot 76 you can stay there , or head to the Metcalf Research Building .
avoid the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology and go to the Slavery Memorial .
always go from the Slater Hall to the 86 Waterman  .
avoid the Lyman Hall and go to the Carrie Tower .
go to the Manning .
always avoid Rhode Island Hall and go to the Simmons Quadrangle .
avoid Finlandia and go to Horace Mann House .
navigate to the Shirley Miller House always avoiding the Salomon Center for Teaching .
go through the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity then to the College Green .
move to Slater Hall and then proceed to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
navigate to the J.W. Wilson but never go to the Hegeman .
go to the Hope College .
go through Lyman Hall on your way to the Medical Research Lab .
first go to War Memorial , then go to the Friedman Hall .
go to the Blue Room and avoid Hope College .
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching
navigate to the Prince Engineering Lab but do not pass through the Simmons Quadrangle .
go to Untitled Lamp/Bear without going to Manning
move to John Nicholas Brown Gate but avoid The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
avoid Rockefeller Library until you go to the Wayland .
go to Lot 17 through the University Hall
avoid the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology and go to Metcalf Research Building .
navigate to the Circle Dance Sculpture after going to the Lot 76 .
go to the Rhode Island Hall without going through the 67 George .
go from the Lippit House to BERT .
go to or through the Starbucks always avoid going through the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall
pass through the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences before going to the Rhode Island Hall .
avoid Sharpe Refectory until you go to the Lot 76 .
go from Walter Hall to The Ivy Room .
go through Finlandia to the Wayland .
go to Blue Room .
go to the Quiet Green without going through the Hope College .
head to the Carrie Tower .
go to Mencoff Hall through the University Hall .
navigate to the Carrie Tower .
go through Lot 17 then go to Starbucks .
go to Medical Research Lab before going to Robinson Hall .
avoid the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate , navigate to the Manning .
move to the 86 Waterman  without leaving the Walter Hall .
go from the War Memorial to the Shirley Miller House .
always go from the Barus Building to the 67 George .
go to Wilbour Hall before going to Lincoln Field Building .
go to Swearer Center for Public Service before going to Kassar House .
go to the 67 George by first visiting Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to Arnold Laboratory and avoid the Circle Dance Sculpture .
avoid the War Memorial and go to the Wriston Quad .
avoid Slater Hall until going to Robinson Gate .
travel to Rockefeller Library .
go to Hegeman , then go to Rhode Island Hall .
go to the Metcalf Research Building without going through the Circle Dance Sculpture .
go through the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ before navigating to Gardner House .
always avoid Blue Room while going to Watson Center for Information Technology .
avoid Marston Hall until after reaching Friedman Hall .
avoid Metcalf Research Building until navigating to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate and avoid University Hall .
avoid Brown Center for Students of Color and move into the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear through the J.W. Wilson .
avoid the The Ivy Room and go to the Lot 18 .
go to the John Hay Library through the The Ivy Room
avoid Wilbour Hall and go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
always avoid the Campus Market and go to the Arnold Laboratory .
always avoid Hughes Court and go to War Memorial .
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching by first going through the Norwood House .
go to the Brown Bear through Lippit House
go to the 67 George .
navigate to the Starbucks then continue to Robinson Hall .
always avoid Walter Hall and go to Medical Research Lab .
go to the Carrie Tower through the Swearer Center for Public Service
go to Lyman Hall only through the John Hay Library
go to the Wilbour Hall avoiding the Maxcy Green . only if you reached the Wilbour Hall then you may proceed to the Maxcy Green .
avoid the Simmons Quadrangle until passing John Hay Library .
go to Robinson Hall then go to Lyman Hall .
always avoid going through Slavery Memorial
go through J.W. Wilson before going to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to the Norwood House .
go to the Campus Market through Kassar House .
first navigate to Hope College , then go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to or through the Citizen's Bank always avoid going through the Marston Hall
go through the Prospect House to the John Hay Library .
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching through the Walter Hall .
go to Faunce House and avoid the Sharpe Refectory .
go through the Swearer Center for Public Service first , then go to the Lot 17 .
go to Horace Mann House before going to Urban Environmental Lab .
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall then go to the Caswell Hall .
navigate to the William Goddard Memorial Gate through the Urban Environmental Lab .
go to Rhode Island Hall without going in the Manning
navigate to the Friedman Hall always avoiding the Robinson Gate .
go to Swearer Center for Public Service through the Campus Market .
navigate to the University Hall but do n't ever go to Kassar House .
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color avoiding Norwood House .
navigate to the Van Wickle Gates then continue to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
travel to the Littlefield Hall and then go to Caswell Hall .
go to Hope College before going in the Wriston Quad
go to the Urban Environmental Lab
go to the Van Wickle Gates through Hope College
go to Sayles Hall
go to 67 George without first passing through Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology and then go directly to the Wriston Quad .
go through Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop then go to Brown Bear .
avoid the Lot 18 until going through Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
move to J.W. Wilson .
avoid Marcus Aurelius and go to Lippit House .
go to the Metcalf Research Building
go to Brown University Sciences Library , then go to 67 George .
avoid the Lyman Hall until after going to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
avoid the Lot 76 until going to Lyman Hall .
go to the Arnold Laboratory .
go to Kassar House by first going to the List Art Building .
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority while avoiding the Brown Center for Students of Color
visit the Lincoln Field Building then go to the Gardner House .
always avoid going to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ through the Carrie Tower
go to Hope College through the List Art Building .
go to the Littlefield Hall through Idee di pietra .
go to Friedman Hall passing through the Lot 76 .
go to the Horace Mann House
go to Blue Room , then up to Gardner House .
go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ avoiding the Class of 1887 Gate . then go to the Class of 1887 Gate or stay on The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
travel through the Rockefeller Library then go to the Hope College .
go to the Citizen's Bank avoiding the Citizen's Bank . if you reached the Gardner House you can stay there , or head to the Citizen's Bank .
avoid the The Ivy Room and go to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
go through the Lyman Hall to the Van Wickle Gates .
navigate to the Minden Hall , always avoiding the Van Wickle Gates .
avoid P-131317 and go to Urban Environmental Lab if you 've reached Urban Environmental Lab then you can go to P-131317 .
go to the Kassar House after going to the Saint Stephens Church .
proceed to the Robinson Gate but do n't leave the Brown Bear .
go to the Marston Hall avoiding GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to the Faunce House , and then go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to the University Hall .
navigate to the Casey Shearer Memorial after going to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to the Slater Hall through Simmons Quadrangle .
go to the Barus Building without ever leaving the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to the Lippit House
go to Robinson Gate and proceed to Lincoln Field Building .
go to the Sharpe Refectory .
avoid Carrie Tower while going to the Friedman Hall .
go through the Friedman Hall to the 86 Waterman  .
go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate while avoiding the Lot 76 .
go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear without going to the Slater Hall .
avoid the Brown Bear and go to Prospect House .
go to the Class of 1887 Gate avoiding Sharpe Refectory if you reached the Class of 1887 Gate then you may go to Sharpe Refectory .
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ , then go to University Hall .
go to the Sayles Hall avoiding the Wilbour Hall . only if you reached the Sayles Hall then you may proceed to the Wilbour Hall .
go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology before going to College Green .
avoid Lincoln Field Building and proceed to 67 George
avoid Robinson Gate and go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences if you have reached Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences then you can go to Robinson Gate .
go through the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences to the Prospect House .
go through the Slater Hall and navigate to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
always go to Brown University before Urban Environmental Lab .
do not go into the Brown Center for Students of Color until going to John Hay Library
go through the Faunce House to Idee di pietra .
go through the Carrie Tower to Rockefeller Library .
first go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop and then go to Medical Research Lab .
go to the Friedman Hall .
head to the Brown University Sciences Library .
go through the John Nicholas Brown Gate , then make your way to Brown Bear .
go to Soldiers Memorial Gate , but never through it
always avoid going through Swearer Center for Public Service
go to the Van Wickle Gates avoiding the Brown University Sciences Library . only if you reached the Van Wickle Gates then you may proceed to the Brown University Sciences Library .
go to the Prospect House while avoiding the Campus Market
advance to Casey Shearer Memorial but always avoid the Van Wickle Gates .
avoid Sharpe Refectory , and go to Brown University .
move to the Class of 1872 Gate and then head to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to or through the Hegeman always avoid going through the Carrie Tower
go to the Maxcy Green always avoiding the Friedman Hall .
move to List Art Building .
go to the John Carter Brown Library through the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
always avoid going to Brown Bear through the P-131317
go to or through William Goddard Memorial Gate always avoid going to Watson Center for Information Technology through Watson Center for Information Technology
go to the Van Wickle Gates through the Barus Building .
navigate to the Finlandia then continue to Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to the Hughes Court without touching Rockefeller Library .
avoid the Shirley Miller House and go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall
avoid Citizen's Bank until you go to the Metcalf Research Building .
go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
head to College Green after going to the The Ivy Room .
go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear while avoiding the Horace Mann House
travel to John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to Hope College , but never through it
avoid the Norwood House until reaching the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
avoid Van Wickle Gates and go to the Wayland .
go to Manning through the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to Sears .
go through Saint Stephens Church before going to the Prospect House .
go to the Prospect House through Wilbour Hall .
avoid the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop until going to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
avoid the Salomon Center for Teaching until you go to the Saint Stephens Church .
go to Mencoff Hall but avoid BERT .
navigate to the Soldiers Memorial Gate always passing through the John Hay Library .
avoid the Lot 76 and go to Brown Center for Students of Color .
stay on the Brown University and navigate to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
avoid the Simmons Quadrangle and go to the Shirley Miller House .
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology without going through the Van Wickle Gates . if you reached the Watson Center for Information Technology then you can go to the Van Wickle Gates , or be done .
go to Robinson Hall from the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity only .
navigate to the Quiet Green .
go to the Quiet Green before going to John Carter Brown Library
go to Kassar House through the Lot 17 .
avoid Marcus Aurelius until you go to Robinson Gate .
move to Manning without entering the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate . then you may stay at Manning or go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to the Van Wickle Gates before going to Idee di pietra
go to Maxcy Hall and then go to the Medical Research Lab .
go to Kassar House and avoid the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
avoid the Citizen's Bank until navigating to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
avoid Robinson Gate and go to the Slater Hall .
go to the Slavery Memorial and if you have reached the Slavery Memorial you may proceed to the Hegeman or stay in the Slavery Memorial .
go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate without going to the Watson Center for Information Technology
go to Maddock Alumni  .
do not go into the Starbucks until going to Finlandia
head to the Blue Room .
go to John Hay Library through the Hegeman .
go through the Hegeman to the J.W. Wilson .
go to P-131317 through Slater Hall .
navigate to the Sears through the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
avoid the Minden Hall until passing Salomon Center for Teaching .
go through P-131317 to the Sharpe Refectory .
pass through the Lot 18 before going to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Lot 18 through Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to Watson Center for Information Technology and avoid the Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to the Slater Hall , then proceed to Marston Hall .
avoid Minden Hall , and go to Lot 76 .
go to William Goddard Memorial Gate and always avoid the Lot 18
always go to Wilbour Hall before navigating to the Arnold Laboratory .
go to 67 George then go to 67 George .
go to or through Van Wickle Gates always avoid going to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences through Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences
navigate to the War Memorial .
head to the Manning but first go to the Medical Research Lab .
navigate to the Wilbour Hall , avoiding Circle Dance Sculpture .
stay on the Lippit House and go to Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to the Class of 1887 Gate and avoid Rockefeller Library .
go through Prince Engineering Lab and then to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ through Lyman Hall
go to the Friedman Hall , then go to Mencoff Hall .
go to Maddock Alumni  while always avoiding the Maxcy Green .
go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate and then to Medical Research Lab .
go to the Brown Bear through Citizen's Bank .
always avoid Salomon Center for Teaching and go to the Maxcy Green .
go to the Maddock Alumni  .
avoid the BERT until going to the Brown University .
go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology and proceed to Urban Environmental Lab .
go to Campus Market
head to the Quiet Green .
navigate to the Simmons Quadrangle but never go to the Van Wickle Gates .
head to the Barus Building , but make sure to go through the Carrie Tower first .
go to Horace Mann House and then go to the College Green .
go to Mencoff Hall through the John Hay Library
move to Robinson Hall and then proceed to the Walter Hall .
avoid John Nicholas Brown Gate until going to the Rhode Island Hall .
go through the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority first , then go to the Hughes Court .
avoid the Shirley Miller House and reach War Memorial
go to the Class of 1872 Gate
go to Saint Stephens Church .
go to or through the Brown University Sciences Library always avoid going through the 86 Waterman 
avoid the Van Wickle Gates on the way to Campus Market .
head to the University Hall .
proceed to the Norwood House .
go up to the Brown University without going to Manning .
stay on the Rockefeller Library and go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go through The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ and navigate to the Marcus Aurelius .
avoid The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ and go to the Shirley Miller House .
avoid Shirley Miller House until going to J.W. Wilson .
go to the Arnold Laboratory .
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color and then go to the J.W. Wilson .
go to or through Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology avoiding going through BERT
always go through the Saint Stephens Church before going to Finlandia .
go through the Prince Engineering Lab to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to or through Quiet Green always avoid going to Starbucks through Starbucks
go to the Robinson Gate through Brown University .
go through the Idee di pietra then to the BERT .
navigate directly to Faunce House .
go through the Finlandia to Slater Hall .
navigate to the Citizen's Bank .
avoid the Lot 76 and go to John Hay Library .
go to Watson Center for Information Technology through the Rockefeller Library
go from the Class of 1872 Gate to the Casey Shearer Memorial
go to Robinson Gate while always avoiding the Urban Environmental Lab .
avoid the Walter Hall on your way to the Caswell Hall . once you get to the Caswell Hall you can to the Walter Hall .
go through the Friedman Hall to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to the Maddock Alumni  , then go to the Saint Stephens Church .
go to the Robinson Gate .
navigate to the Robinson Gate , always avoiding the Maxcy Green .
go to Faunce House .
go to the Slater Hall through the Faunce House
avoid Wilbour Hall while traveling to John Hay Library .
go to the University Hall while avoiding the Starbucks and if you have reached the University Hall then you can go to the Starbucks .
go to the Maxcy Green , then go to the Class of 1872 Gate .
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
always avoid the Sharpe Refectory while navigating to Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to the Mencoff Hall but avoid Marston Hall .
always avoid the Marcus Aurelius , go to the Hughes Court .
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate through the Kassar House .
go through the Lot 18 to the 86 Waterman 
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall
go to the Swearer Center for Public Service before going to Slater Hall
go to the Shirley Miller House while avoiding Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to Hegeman through the Starbucks .
go to Campus Market passing through the Salomon Center for Teaching .
get to Soldiers Memorial Gate , while avoiding Swearer Center for Public Service
avoid the The Ivy Room until you go to Gardner House .
move to the Robinson Hall and then move to Walter Hall .
go to or through Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences avoiding going through P-131317
avoid the J.W. Wilson until going to the Walter Hall .
move to Hope College from the Quiet Green .
go to Swearer Center for Public Service and then go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
avoid Brown University Sciences Library while navigating to Van Wickle Gates .
go to the BERT and avoid the Salomon Center for Teaching .
pass through Van Wickle Gates before going to the Sayles Hall .
go through the Lot 76 to Simmons Quadrangle .
go to Quiet Green and always avoid the Kassar House
stay on the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority and go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to the 67 George always avoiding the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go through Brown University Sciences Library then go to Minden Hall .
go to Lippit House and then the Maxcy Green
go to Idee di pietra and then to Robinson Hall
go to the Wayland .
go to the Caswell Hall without ever leaving the Hughes Court .
navigate to Lot 76 .
avoid Norwood House and go to Soldiers Memorial Gate .
avoid the Mencoff Hall until you go to the Lot 18 .
avoid the Wilbour Hall until you go to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
proceed to Sharpe Refectory but avoid 86 Waterman  on the way . if you have reached Sharpe Refectory then you can proceed to 86 Waterman  .
go through the Walter Hall to the Minden Hall .
stay on the Brown University while navigating to Lot 18 .
avoid the Salomon Center for Teaching until going through Lyman Hall .
from the John Hay Library , go to Brown Center for Students of Color directly .
go from the Barus Building to Hughes Court
go to Littlefield Hall while always avoiding the Sharpe Refectory
avoid Prospect House until going to Maddock Alumni  .
go to the Barus Building . if you reached the Barus Building then you may go to the Maxcy Hall .
go to Robinson Hall .
go to Starbucks avoiding the War Memorial . then go to the War Memorial or stay on Starbucks .
go from the John Hay Library to the Prospect House
avoid the Starbucks and go to Gardner House
go to the Gardner House and then go to Robinson Gate .
go to the Citizen's Bank .
navigate through Caswell Hall then go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to Campus Market without going to Lincoln Field Building
go to the Sears and then go to the 67 George .
always pass The Ivy Room before Lincoln Field Building .
go to the Starbucks through the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to Brown University through the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology
got to Class of 1887 Gate through the Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to the Marston Hall while avoiding the Van Wickle Gates
move to the Mencoff Hall .
move to the Maxcy Hall avoiding Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences if you got to the Maxcy Hall then you can continue to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to Circle Dance Sculpture after going to Wilbour Hall .
go to the P-131317 while always avoiding the Van Wickle Gates .
go to Lippit House before going to the Brown University Sciences Library .
navigate to the Maxcy Hall but do n't ever go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to Hegeman through the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go through the Lot 18 to Arnold Laboratory .
go to Brown Bear through Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences
go to Wayland whilst avoiding the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to Starbucks then go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
avoid the Caswell Hall until reaching Carrie Tower .
avoid Campus Market and go to the BERT .
go through the Simmons Quadrangle to Robinson Hall .
avoid the Lot 18 and go to Friedman Hall if you reached the Friedman Hall , you can now go to the Lot 18 or stay on Friedman Hall .
go to the Hughes Court before you navigate to Lippit House .
avoid the Walter Hall until you navigate to Faunce House .
go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall before going to Rhode Island Hall .
go through the Walter Hall to Brown Bear .
always go through the Barus Building before going to Brown Bear .
go to the Norwood House through Brown Bear .
avoid Hughes Court and go to the Hegeman .
go through the Blue Room to the War Memorial .
go through the Arnold Laboratory before going to Hegeman
go through the Maxcy Green , then make your way to Campus Market .
avoid the War Memorial until you go to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
without stepping in the Maxcy Green , go to Slater Hall .
go to Blue Room without going in the Slater Hall
do not go to Soldiers Memorial Gate until going to Gardner House
go to Blue Room by avoiding the Finlandia and then stay there or continue to the Finlandia .
go to 86 Waterman  while avoiding the first and Medical Research Lab .
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ before you go to the 67 George .
go from the Blue Room to the Friedman Hall
go to the Idee di pietra and then go to the College Green .
navigate to the John Nicholas Brown Gate through the Rhode Island Hall .
move to Arnold Laboratory without entering the Lippit House . then you may stay at Arnold Laboratory or go to the Lippit House .
go to the Van Wickle Gates through the Carrie Tower .
go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear
go to Kassar House before navigating to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to Simmons Quadrangle before going to Quiet Green
always go through the Maxcy Green before going to Sears .
avoid Caswell Hall until reaching the Lot 18 .
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority through Lot 17
avoid the Lincoln Field Building until going to the P-131317 .
avoid the Casey Shearer Memorial , navigate to the Campus Market .
move to the Walter Hall but go through GeoChem and Macmillian Hall first .
go to the 67 George without going through the Minden Hall . if you reached the 67 George then you can go to the Minden Hall , or be done .
go to the Mencoff Hall while avoiding Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology
start on the Sharpe Refectory and move directly to Urban Environmental Lab .
go to the Norwood House and then go directly to the Wilbour Hall .
go through the Maxcy Hall to Rhode Island Hall .
go to the Casey Shearer Memorial but never go to the BERT .
go to Lippit House while always avoiding the Saint Stephens Church .
go to the Campus Market through the Caswell Hall
go to or through Prospect House always avoid going to Friedman Hall through Friedman Hall
go to or through Rockefeller Library always avoid going to Sayles Hall through Sayles Hall
go to the Robinson Hall , then head to the College Green .
go to Maddock Alumni  via the Gardner House .
avoid Lot 18 until going to the J.W. Wilson .
avoid Blue Room until you pass through John Hay Library .
avoid List Art Building on your way to the J.W. Wilson .
avoid Mencoff Hall until you have passed through Starbucks
go to the Wayland without going to the Lot 76 .
navigate to Lot 17 .
go to the Finlandia and avoid the The Ivy Room .
go to BERT through the 86 Waterman 
go to the Horace Mann House by avoiding University Hall and then stay in the Horace Mann House or continue to University Hall
go to the Hughes Court before you go to Rockefeller Library .
always avoid the Van Wickle Gates , go to the Wilbour Hall .
go through the Carrie Tower to the John Hay Library
navigate to the Simmons Quadrangle .
go to the Swearer Center for Public Service through Maddock Alumni  .
go to Brown Bear through Arnold Laboratory .
go to or through the Starbucks always avoid going through the Lyman Hall
go to Robinson Hall passing through the Starbucks .
go to the Manning after going to the Quiet Green .
go to or through Littlefield Hall always avoid going to Carrie Tower through Carrie Tower
avoid the Horace Mann House while going to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to the Medical Research Lab after you go to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to the Circle Dance Sculpture and then to Brown Bear .
navigate to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
avoid the Faunce House and go to the Brown Bear .
go to the Marcus Aurelius , then go to the Rhode Island Hall .
go to the Caswell Hall without going to the Maddock Alumni  . if you reached the Caswell Hall , now you can go to the Maddock Alumni  .
avoid Rhode Island Hall until going to Sears .
go to Finlandia through Brown University Sciences Library .
go to the Hope College while avoiding Prince Engineering Lab
go to the Brown University Sciences Library
go to Prince Engineering Lab but do not enter the Sharpe Refectory first .
go to the Marcus Aurelius through the Quiet Green .
go to the Prince Engineering Lab through Kassar House
go to the Barus Building without going to the Citizen's Bank .
avoid the first and Mencoff Hall and go to University Hall .
go to the Maxcy Hall and then go to the Robinson Gate .
go from the Watson Center for Information Technology to J.W. Wilson
go to the Arnold Laboratory .
always avoid going through Sharpe Refectory
go to Robinson Hall
go to John Nicholas Brown Gate
always go through the Salomon Center for Teaching before going to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to the Lot 18 avoiding Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to the Quiet Green through the Carrie Tower
navigate to the Friedman Hall after going to the Rhode Island Hall .
go through the Littlefield Hall to get to Circle Dance Sculpture
go to or through the John Hay Library always avoid going through the Maxcy Green
avoid Van Wickle Gates until you have passed through John Hay Library
first go to to Wayland then go to the Sears .
go to the Marcus Aurelius through Lippit House
navigate to the John Hay Library but do not pass through the Wayland .
go to the Lot 18 without going to Lot 18 .
go through the Slavery Memorial to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to the Maxcy Green without going to the BERT .
avoid the Salomon Center for Teaching and go to the Robinson Gate . if you reached the Robinson Gate then you may go to the Salomon Center for Teaching , or just stay on the Robinson Gate .
go to the Prospect House always avoiding the Quiet Green .
go to the Hope College by avoiding University Hall if you reached the Hope College , then you can proceed to University Hall .
always avoid going through Lot 76
avoid the Shirley Miller House and go to the Wriston Quad .
go to Maxcy Hall through the Sears
pass through Robinson Gate on your way to the Finlandia .
avoid Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop on your way to the Sharpe Refectory .
avoid the Rockefeller Library until you go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to the J.W. Wilson through Maxcy Hall
avoid the Lot 76 on the way to Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to the Marston Hall through the Urban Environmental Lab .
go to Manning then go to Manning .
navigate to the Rhode Island Hall .
go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate and avoid the Lyman Hall .
avoid the Simmons Quadrangle until you navigate to the Marston Hall .
go to the Marcus Aurelius without going to Lot 17 .
navigate to the Untitled Lamp/Bear staying on the Sharpe Refectory .
go to the Gardner House avoiding 86 Waterman  .
navigate to the Untitled Lamp/Bear avoiding BERT .
navigate to the Salomon Center for Teaching through the Faunce House .
always avoid going through William Goddard Memorial Gate
navigate to the Lot 18 always avoiding the John Carter Brown Library .
go to Rockefeller Library through the 86 Waterman  .
avoid the Salomon Center for Teaching as you go to the Caswell Hall .
go to the Swearer Center for Public Service avoiding Minden Hall .
go to the Class of 1872 Gate , then go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall then go to the Urban Environmental Lab
go to the Campus Market
avoid the Wayland until you reach Salomon Center for Teaching .
always go through Lot 76 and then to the P-131317 .
move to University Hall but avoid Gardner House .
avoid Soldiers Memorial Gate until you go to the Idee di pietra .
go to Hegeman while always avoiding the Horace Mann House .
first navigate to Littlefield Hall , then go to Wriston Quad .
always avoid going through Gardner House
go through the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop before going to the Citizen's Bank .
go to the Maddock Alumni  .
go from the Wriston Quad to the Manning
go to the Robinson Hall through the Watson Center for Information Technology .
move to the Casey Shearer Memorial but ensure to go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity first .
go to the Brown University .
avoid Medical Research Lab while traveling to Finlandia .
go through Soldiers Memorial Gate to the Wilbour Hall .
go from the Prospect House to Rockefeller Library
go to the Mencoff Hall .
navigate to the Starbucks .
avoid the first and Hegeman and go to Caswell Hall .
go to the Blue Room through the Quiet Green
avoid the Van Wickle Gates until going to the Brown Bear .
navigate to the Rhode Island Hall and avoid Hegeman .
avoid War Memorial until going to the Manning .
go to the Wriston Quad through the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go up to the Medical Research Lab without going to Minden Hall .
go to the Marcus Aurelius avoiding the Urban Environmental Lab .
avoid going through War Memorial until you go through the Maxcy Hall .
navigate to the Lyman Hall .
navigate to the Arnold Laboratory .
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority through the The Ivy Room .
go through the Wilbour Hall to Starbucks .
go to the P-131317 while avoiding the Campus Market
go to John Carter Brown Library while always avoiding the Marcus Aurelius .
avoid Lippit House until going to the Faunce House .
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology while avoiding 67 George
avoid Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences until navigating to the Prince Engineering Lab .
avoid the Maddock Alumni  and go to the Medical Research Lab .
avoid the Brown Center for Students of Color until you navigate to the Wilbour Hall .
avoid Wriston Quad and go to Urban Environmental Lab .
navigate to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
move to the Urban Environmental Lab without entering the Metcalf Research Building .
go to the Norwood House while always avoiding GeoChem and Macmillian Hall
go to William Goddard Memorial Gate then go to Friedman Hall .
always avoid Maddock Alumni  and go through the Shirley Miller House .
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching through the Lincoln Field Building .
go to the Mencoff Hall without going to the Lincoln Field Building
go to the Campus Market and go down to the Slavery Memorial .
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ , then go to the Swearer Center for Public Service
go to Maxcy Hall by avoiding the Lincoln Field Building and then stay there or continue to the Lincoln Field Building .
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity avoiding the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity . if you reached the Soldiers Memorial Gate you can stay there , or head to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to Horace Mann House
always avoid Norwood House and go to Brown Bear .
go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall and then go to the Kassar House .
go from the Idee di pietra to Wriston Quad .
go to Class of 1872 Gate before going in the Hope College .
avoid Hegeman until going to Marston Hall .
go to Brown Bear .
go through the J.W. Wilson to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to Casey Shearer Memorial before going to the Friedman Hall
go through the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology to Barus Building .
go to the John Hay Library by going through Brown University .
go to 86 Waterman  only through the Lyman Hall
avoid the William Goddard Memorial Gate until you go to the Gardner House .
always avoid the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority while navigating to the Manning .
go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate
avoid Brown Center for Students of Color and go to the Robinson Hall .
always avoid Robinson Gate and go to the Hughes Court .
navigate to Lincoln Field Building , always avoiding Horace Mann House .
go to Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to the Citizen's Bank , then go to the Starbucks .
go to the The Ivy Room
first go to 67 George , then go to the Maxcy Green .
always go through the Lippit House before going to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to the Friedman Hall through Sears .
avoid going through Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity until you go through the War Memorial .
go through the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity , then make your way to University Hall .
go to the Manning .
go from the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop to the Campus Market
go to the Medical Research Lab by first going through Simmons Quadrangle .
move to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall but avoid Saint Stephens Church .
go to Idee di pietra , avoiding the Hope College
go to the Van Wickle Gates , then go to the Walter Hall .
go directly to Maxcy Hall .
go to the Citizen's Bank through the John Hay Library
go from the Robinson Hall to Blue Room
approach the Brown Center for Students of Color while avoiding the Walter Hall .
move to Quiet Green .
go through Maddock Alumni  to Friedman Hall .
from the Brown Bear , navigate to the Lincoln Field Building .
avoid 67 George until you go to Manning .
always avoid Simmons Quadrangle and go to the Littlefield Hall .
navigate to the Brown University after going to the Lot 76 .
go to Norwood House through the Marston Hall .
avoid Blue Room until navigating to the Wilbour Hall .
go to the 86 Waterman  avoiding Wriston Quad .
go through the University Hall before going to Carrie Tower
go to the Lot 76 but avoid the Metcalf Research Building .
go to the BERT before you navigate to Urban Environmental Lab .
go to the Class of 1887 Gate always avoiding the Hughes Court .
go to Faunce House but remain on the John Hay Library .
move to the John Hay Library by going through the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology
always navigate to Minden Hall and then proceed to Blue Room .
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology through the BERT .
navigate to the College Green then continue to Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to Lincoln Field Building before going to Faunce House .
avoid the Finlandia until you go to Soldiers Memorial Gate
go to Metcalf Research Building .
go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences
navigate to Rhode Island Hall .
go to Mencoff Hall before navigating to the Van Wickle Gates .
move to the Norwood House first then travel to Brown Bear .
go to Brown University through Lot 76 .
go through the Barus Building to the Campus Market .
go to Caswell Hall through the Wilbour Hall
go to the Circle Dance Sculpture through the Slater Hall .
go to the Van Wickle Gates while avoiding Lot 17
move to anywhere on the Soldiers Memorial Gate , then move to anywhere on the Rockefeller Library .
navigate to the Starbucks .
go to Littlefield Hall by going through Class of 1872 Gate
avoid the 86 Waterman  until going to the Carrie Tower .
do not navigate away from the Maddock Alumni  and go to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
go through the Hegeman before going to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to the Shirley Miller House and avoid the Campus Market .
avoid the Manning and go to the Minden Hall .
go to the Lot 17 through the Maddock Alumni  .
head to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity after going to the Wilbour Hall .
go to Urban Environmental Lab
go to the Horace Mann House while avoiding Quiet Green
go through War Memorial to the The Ivy Room .
go to the Hegeman .
move to the Lippit House and then the Slater Hall .
avoid the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ until going to List Art Building .
navigate to the Marston Hall while avoiding the Finlandia .
go through Brown University Sciences Library to the Quiet Green .
navigate to Citizen's Bank .
avoid the Faunce House until passing Robinson Hall .
go to Slavery Memorial before going to the Wayland
go to the Maxcy Green while avoiding Quiet Green and the Quiet Green
go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology by first going through the Robinson Hall .
go to Lot 18
always avoid 67 George and go to the Urban Environmental Lab .
move to the Brown University Sciences Library without leaving the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
move to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to the Slater Hall then go to the Norwood House
avoid Brown Center for Students of Color , and go to John Hay Library .
go through the Lincoln Field Building to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to the John Hay Library while always avoiding Finlandia
navigate to the Sharpe Refectory through the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to the BERT while avoiding the Faunce House
go to the Walter Hall whilst avoiding the Lot 18 .
go to the Van Wickle Gates while avoiding the Idee di pietra .
go through the Class of 1887 Gate and navigate to the College Green .
avoid the John Nicholas Brown Gate until after going to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to the Quiet Green avoiding Norwood House .
go to the Gardner House .
go to the Circle Dance Sculpture while avoiding the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop and if you have reached the Circle Dance Sculpture then you can go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
advance to Marston Hall but always avoid the Maxcy Hall .
go through Swearer Center for Public Service to the Brown Bear .
avoid John Hay Library until you go to the Hope College .
navigate to the Maxcy Hall and avoid Rockefeller Library .
go to the BERT always avoiding the Finlandia .
avoid the University Hall on your way to Lot 17 .
go to the Shirley Miller House .
from the Hegeman , go to Mencoff Hall directly .
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to Simmons Quadrangle before going to the Slavery Memorial
avoid The Ivy Room until you go to Rockefeller Library .
always avoid Brown University Sciences Library and navigate to the The Ivy Room .
go to the Walter Hall through the Lincoln Field Building
always go to Class of 1872 Gate before navigating to the Wriston Quad .
go to the John Hay Library avoiding the Lot 76 . only if you reached the John Hay Library then you may proceed to the Lot 76 .
go to the Quiet Green .
avoid Brown University until you go to the Hegeman .
avoid the Hughes Court and go to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
navigate to the Metcalf Research Building by passing through the Van Wickle Gates .
go to John Hay Library and then to Littlefield Hall
go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity then go to Kassar House .
avoid the Medical Research Lab until navigating to the Brown University .
avoid the Medical Research Lab until you enter the Class of 1887 Gate .
go up to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to the Friedman Hall through the 86 Waterman 
remain on the Kassar House and navigate to the Blue Room .
approach the Arnold Laboratory while avoiding the 86 Waterman  .
navigate to the Lot 76 , always avoiding the Class of 1887 Gate .
go to the Kassar House , then go to the Sayles Hall .
go to Shirley Miller House but do not enter the Urban Environmental Lab first .
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop while avoiding Marcus Aurelius
avoid the Slavery Memorial until you navigate to Simmons Quadrangle .
navigate to the Horace Mann House before going to the P-131317 .
avoid Mencoff Hall and go to Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to the Prospect House only through the Maxcy Green
avoid Horace Mann House until going to Sears .
go through the Van Wickle Gates to the Lincoln Field Building .
visit the Prince Engineering Lab then go to the BERT .
navigate to the Arnold Laboratory before going to the Urban Environmental Lab .
navigate to the Finlandia always passing through the Wilbour Hall .
navigate through William Goddard Memorial Gate and go to the P-131317 .
go to the Faunce House and avoid the Class of 1872 Gate .
navigate to the Marcus Aurelius then continue to Hughes Court .
avoid the Wayland until navigating to the Brown University .
go through the Slater Hall to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
avoid the Medical Research Lab
go to the John Carter Brown Library through Arnold Laboratory
go through Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology before going to the Lincoln Field Building .
avoid Barus Building while navigating to Robinson Hall .
go to Slater Hall through Van Wickle Gates
stay on the Starbucks and navigate to Prince Engineering Lab .
go to the 86 Waterman  but do not go through the Brown Bear first .
navigate to the Rockefeller Library while avoiding the Brown Bear .
go to the Lot 76 through the Campus Market
avoid the first and Lippit House and go to Class of 1872 Gate .
visit the Lippit House and then proceed to the University Hall .
avoid Lot 18 until you go to the Finlandia .
avoid the 67 George on the way to List Art Building .
go to the Idee di pietra avoiding the Shirley Miller House . only if you reached the Idee di pietra then you may proceed to the Shirley Miller House .
go to Rhode Island Hall .
go to BERT without first passing through War Memorial .
go to the Norwood House by first visiting Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to Lot 17 but do not first go through the Hughes Court .
go to the Gardner House without ever leaving the Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to the Hope College then go to Urban Environmental Lab
navigate through Lincoln Field Building and go to the Class of 1887 Gate .
avoid Hughes Court until going to the Rockefeller Library .
go to Mencoff Hall .
proceed to the Rhode Island Hall .
move to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to Norwood House through the Sears .
go through the Simmons Quadrangle first , then go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
avoid Medical Research Lab until going to the Brown Bear .
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall through the Starbucks .
avoid the Simmons Quadrangle until you navigate to the Robinson Gate .
navigate to the Barus Building always avoiding the Blue Room .
go to Minden Hall . then go directly to Horace Mann House
go to the Minden Hall , then head to the Mencoff Hall .
go through the Sayles Hall before going to Maxcy Green
always avoid Wayland and go to College Green .
navigate to the Brown University Sciences Library but never go to the Marston Hall .
go to Campus Market from the Caswell Hall only .
go to the Friedman Hall by first visiting Walter Hall .
go directly to Rhode Island Hall
avoid the Untitled Lamp/Bear , navigate to the Rockefeller Library .
avoid the Circle Dance Sculpture on the way to Lincoln Field Building .
go to the Wayland from the Lyman Hall
go to Carrie Tower through the Blue Room
go to Brown University Sciences Library and then the Rockefeller Library
go to Sears before going in the Horace Mann House
always avoid going to Lippit House through the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority
go through the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall before going to the Urban Environmental Lab .
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate then go to Caswell Hall
go to the Brown University before going to Maxcy Green .
go to the Brown Bear and avoid the Maxcy Hall .
go from the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall to William Goddard Memorial Gate
move to the Citizen's Bank .
go to Sears by first visiting the Norwood House .
go to the Carrie Tower but avoid the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop without touching Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
move to the Slater Hall but ensure to go to the BERT first .
go to Lippit House through the Lincoln Field Building
go to the Barus Building avoiding Blue Room if you reached the Barus Building then you may go to Blue Room .
avoid the Brown Center for Students of Color until going to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to or through Sharpe Refectory avoiding going through Salomon Center for Teaching
go to anywhere on the Littlefield Hall .
navigate to the Mencoff Hall .
avoid Casey Shearer Memorial until you have passed through Horace Mann House
navigate to the Prince Engineering Lab .
go to Starbucks before navigating to the War Memorial .
go through the Starbucks before navigating to Sears .
proceed to Finlandia without going through the BERT .
navigate directly to P-131317 .
go to Hegeman
go to Van Wickle Gates , then go to Untitled Lamp/Bear .
always avoid going to Carrie Tower through the John Hay Library
avoid the Van Wickle Gates and go to Hughes Court .
go to the Starbucks through the Watson Center for Information Technology
navigate to the Robinson Hall via the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to Walter Hall then Faunce House .
go to the P-131317 and avoid the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority always avoiding the Sears .
go through the BERT to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology before going to Rhode Island Hall
go to the Brown Bear first
avoid Swearer Center for Public Service until going to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go through the College Green to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to or through the Sears while avoiding going through the Maxcy Green
move to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority , travelling through Maddock Alumni  .
go through the 86 Waterman  to Manning .
avoid J.W. Wilson while traveling to Wilbour Hall .
go through Morgan Witter Rogers Gate to the Lincoln Field Building .
go from Prince Engineering Lab to Robinson Gate .
navigate to the Brown University Sciences Library after going to the Slavery Memorial .
move to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology , but travel to the Carrie Tower first .
navigate to Brown University Sciences Library .
go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop but always stay away from Manning .
stay away from the Robinson Hall and go to Prospect House .
go to the Swearer Center for Public Service
go to the Hughes Court through the War Memorial .
avoid Untitled Lamp/Bear until reaching the Shirley Miller House .
go to the Idee di pietra by avoiding Citizen's Bank and then stay in the Idee di pietra or continue to Citizen's Bank
avoid the Brown Center for Students of Color and navigate to the Friedman Hall .
avoid the Sears and go to the Slavery Memorial .
always avoid Brown University Sciences Library and go to the 86 Waterman  .
avoid Robinson Hall and go to the Brown Bear .
go to Rhode Island Hall , then go to Brown Bear
always avoid the Maxcy Hall and travel to Norwood House .
go to Sayles Hall by avoiding the Lippit House and then stay there or continue to the Lippit House .
avoid Minden Hall and go to Littlefield Hall if you 've reached Littlefield Hall then you can go to Minden Hall .
go to the Carrie Tower and then go to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to John Nicholas Brown Gate through the Wayland .
avoid the Class of 1872 Gate until you go to Simmons Quadrangle
always pass Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology before Brown Bear .
go to Soldiers Memorial Gate through the Friedman Hall .
go to Finlandia , then up to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
always go to Citizen's Bank before Lincoln Field Building .
avoid the Gardner House until you enter the Prince Engineering Lab .
go to the College Green whilst avoiding the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to the Caswell Hall while avoiding the Robinson Gate
go to the Class of 1887 Gate through Prince Engineering Lab .
avoid Norwood House and go to Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to War Memorial .
avoid the Maxcy Green until passing Watson Center for Information Technology .
always avoid Slavery Memorial and go to Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to Lyman Hall .
go to the Caswell Hall through the Sears .
always avoid the Citizen's Bank to navigate to Sharpe Refectory .
go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall and then to List Art Building
go to the Blue Room while avoiding the Sharpe Refectory
go to the Robinson Hall while avoiding Robinson Gate
navigate to the Brown University Sciences Library but do not pass through the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to the John Hay Library by touching the Finlandia .
head to the Van Wickle Gates without going through the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop
go to the Norwood House through John Hay Library .
go to the Lyman Hall without touching William Goddard Memorial Gate .
do not go into the Rockefeller Library until going to Idee di pietra
avoid Swearer Center for Public Service and go to the Norwood House .
avoid BERT until you go to the Marcus Aurelius .
go to Blue Room and then to Maxcy Hall .
go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate through the Salomon Center for Teaching
avoid Faunce House until going to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
always avoid the Hope College and go to the John Hay Library .
avoid Quiet Green and go to Marcus Aurelius if you reached Marcus Aurelius then you can go to Quiet Green .
go to Casey Shearer Memorial through Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop
go to Carrie Tower by going through Manning
go to Swearer Center for Public Service through the Robinson Gate
move to Lyman Hall but avoid War Memorial .
go to the Faunce House and then go to the Shirley Miller House .
approach the Marston Hall while avoiding the Class of 1887 Gate .
go to the The Ivy Room
always avoid Lot 76 and go to the Caswell Hall .
go to the Horace Mann House and avoid Hegeman .
go through the Simmons Quadrangle to the BERT .
go from the 86 Waterman  to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ through the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate
go to Sayles Hall before going to William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to Brown Center for Students of Color through the Hope College .
avoid the Brown Bear until you go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to the Saint Stephens Church then go to Van Wickle Gates .
avoid the Sharpe Refectory until going to the 86 Waterman  .
go through Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology and navigate to the List Art Building .
avoid John Hay Library and go to Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to the Kassar House , then go to Lot 17 .
go to the Manning while avoiding Sharpe Refectory
avoid the Gardner House until going to the Arnold Laboratory .
navigate to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ then continue to John Hay Library .
navigate from the Hughes Court to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to Lot 17 and avoid 2nd and Brown University
get to Van Wickle Gates , while avoiding Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences
always avoid going to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology through the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall
avoid the William Goddard Memorial Gate until you go to the Citizen's Bank .
go to the BERT and avoid Walter Hall .
go to the Robinson Gate avoiding the J.W. Wilson . only if you reached the Robinson Gate then you may proceed to the J.W. Wilson .
navigate through Slater Hall then go to Finlandia .
move to Lincoln Field Building after moving to the Starbucks .
go to Untitled Lamp/Bear passing through the Class of 1872 Gate .
go to the Hegeman through the Maddock Alumni 
avoid the John Hay Library until going to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to Robinson Gate by going through John Hay Library
always pass through the Faunce House to get to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
always avoid going through the Watson Center for Information Technology to the The Ivy Room
start on the Rockefeller Library and move directly to Medical Research Lab .
avoid the John Carter Brown Library until navigating to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go through the Idee di pietra before going to Hughes Court
go to the Maxcy Green .
go to Manning and proceed to Maxcy Hall .
go through the Prospect House to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to the John Hay Library while avoiding the Mencoff Hall and if you have reached the John Hay Library then you can go to the Mencoff Hall .
go to War Memorial
go to the 67 George while avoiding Robinson Gate
go through Marston Hall to List Art Building .
go to the P-131317 .
navigate to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go through the College Green to the Urban Environmental Lab
first go to Caswell Hall , then go to the Campus Market .
go to P-131317 but always avoid Hope College .
go to the Finlandia through the Sears .
travel through the Shirley Miller House then go to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
avoid Robinson Hall , and go to Casey Shearer Memorial .
do n't go into the Brown Center for Students of Color until going to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ
always go through the Sharpe Refectory to get to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
avoid Gardner House until going to the Minden Hall .
go to Brown University .
go through the Rockefeller Library to Norwood House .
proceed to the P-131317 .
always go to John Carter Brown Library before Horace Mann House .
move to the Citizen's Bank .
go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear and avoid Manning .
go to the Wilbour Hall avoiding Sharpe Refectory .
go to the Quiet Green , then go to John Hay Library .
avoid Robinson Gate until you navigate to P-131317 .
avoid the Lot 76 until going to the Hegeman .
go to the Robinson Hall through Soldiers Memorial Gate
go to John Nicholas Brown Gate , avoid the Class of 1872 Gate until you have been to the John Nicholas Brown Gate
stay on the Hughes Court and move to Metcalf Research Building .
go through Blue Room before going to the Hegeman .
go to Lot 76 through the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
avoid the Lot 18 and go to the Maxcy Hall .
avoid Finlandia until going to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to Sears and avoid the Sayles Hall .
go to anywhere on the College Green .
go directly to Slavery Memorial
go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology by first going to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
travel through the Circle Dance Sculpture then go to the Faunce House .
go to Maxcy Hall through Prince Engineering Lab .
go from Rhode Island Hall to Brown Bear .
go to College Green through the Swearer Center for Public Service .
avoid the Finlandia until you go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
travel through the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority then go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to the Carrie Tower avoiding Quiet Green .
go to Faunce House after navigating to the Blue Room .
navigate to the P-131317 and avoid Maddock Alumni  .
avoid the Shirley Miller House and go to Robinson Hall .
go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate avoiding the Van Wickle Gates . then go to the Van Wickle Gates or stay on Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
avoid the second and List Art Building and go to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
avoid the Manning until you reach Brown Bear .
avoid List Art Building and go to the Hope College .
move to John Hay Library , but go through the William Goddard Memorial Gate first .
go to the J.W. Wilson then move to the Rockefeller Library .
go to the Lot 17 through Alpha Chi Omega Sorority
avoid John Nicholas Brown Gate until going to the Class of 1887 Gate .
go to Lyman Hall without first passing through Soldiers Memorial Gate .
from the Simmons Quadrangle , navigate to the Saint Stephens Church .
go to the Slater Hall and then go to the Horace Mann House .
go through Lyman Hall to the Barus Building .
go to the Van Wickle Gates before you navigate to Saint Stephens Church .
go to Saint Stephens Church after going to Littlefield Hall .
navigate to the Slater Hall by passing through the War Memorial .
always avoid the Hope College , go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
from the Barus Building , navigate to the Friedman Hall .
go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall passing through the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to the Lippit House from the Brown University
go to the Brown Bear through John Carter Brown Library
pass through Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology before going to the Brown Bear .
advance to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ but always avoid the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Casey Shearer Memorial through the Medical Research Lab .
go to the Lot 17 through the Rockefeller Library .
go to or through Wayland avoiding going through List Art Building
navigate to the Metcalf Research Building via the BERT .
navigate to the Marston Hall through the Metcalf Research Building .
go to Wriston Quad through the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to Prince Engineering Lab .
go to the Lot 76
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall without touching Hegeman .
go to the Lincoln Field Building through the Wayland .
move to the Brown Bear without entering the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
avoid Urban Environmental Lab until after the Robinson Hall
go to Idee di pietra through the Citizen's Bank .
go through Faunce House before going to the 67 George .
always go through the Soldiers Memorial Gate to get to the The Ivy Room .
pass through John Hay Library before going to the 67 George .
move to the Prince Engineering Lab and then move to 86 Waterman  .
avoid the P-131317 on your way to Caswell Hall .
go to Littlefield Hall , avoiding the Wriston Quad
go to the Robinson Gate .
go to the 67 George .
go to Maxcy Hall . then go directly to Brown Center for Students of Color
go to the Lot 76 through the Citizen's Bank .
go to 86 Waterman  and then the Class of 1887 Gate
avoid the John Hay Library and go to the Minden Hall .
move to the Maxcy Hall then continue to the Metcalf Research Building .
go through the Class of 1872 Gate to the 67 George .
go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences then the Blue Room .
avoid the Prince Engineering Lab and go to Norwood House if you reached the Norwood House , you can now go to the Prince Engineering Lab or stay on Norwood House .
navigate to Class of 1872 Gate then continue to the Lot 18 .
go through the Sayles Hall to BERT .
get to Lot 18 , while avoiding Starbucks
avoid the Brown Bear until you go to the Horace Mann House .
navigate to the Wayland , and then navigate to the Prince Engineering Lab .
always avoid Caswell Hall , and navigate to Sears .
go to the University Hall , then go to the Saint Stephens Church
stay on the Wilbour Hall while going to the Barus Building .
avoid the William Goddard Memorial Gate until you go to the Walter Hall .
navigate to the Lincoln Field Building .
avoid Alpha Chi Omega Sorority and go to the Faunce House .
go to the College Green .
navigate to Quiet Green through the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate through the Urban Environmental Lab
go to Soldiers Memorial Gate and always avoid the Lincoln Field Building
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching
go to the Urban Environmental Lab .
go from the Metcalf Research Building to the Brown Bear .
avoid the Brown University Sciences Library until going through Medical Research Lab .
go to the Finlandia through the Class of 1887 Gate .
avoid Brown Bear while traveling to Kassar House .
navigate to the William Goddard Memorial Gate and avoid The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
navigate to the Wayland , always avoiding the Friedman Hall .
avoid GeoChem and Macmillian Hall while navigating to Walter Hall .
go to John Hay Library through the Shirley Miller House
go to the Van Wickle Gates avoiding the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity . go through the Van Wickle Gates to get to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
always avoid Lincoln Field Building , and navigate to Van Wickle Gates .
avoid Slavery Memorial and go to the Wayland .
move to the Van Wickle Gates , travelling through Campus Market .
go to the Kassar House before going to the Salomon Center for Teaching
navigate to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to Citizen's Bank
go through the Shirley Miller House to the Lyman Hall .
avoid the Lincoln Field Building and go to Littlefield Hall .
avoid the War Memorial until going to the John Carter Brown Library .
navigate to the Simmons Quadrangle after going to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go through the Maxcy Hall to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
avoid Brown University until going to Prince Engineering Lab .
avoid Marston Hall until going to the Urban Environmental Lab .
avoid Robinson Gate until you pass through The Ivy Room .
pass through Brown University Sciences Library before going to the Slater Hall .
go to the Wilbour Hall
navigate to Robinson Gate through the Marston Hall .
go to Maxcy Green , then go to Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to Manning
go to Wriston Quad
go to the Metcalf Research Building through the Horace Mann House .
move to the Hughes Court first then travel to Sears .
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology while avoiding GeoChem and Macmillian Hall
always go through the 67 George and then to John Nicholas Brown Gate .
avoid Manning and go to Norwood House .
go to the Wriston Quad through the Minden Hall
go to the Sears .
go through the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ before going to the Rockefeller Library .
avoid Mencoff Hall and go to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
always avoid Friedman Hall and go to the Kassar House .
avoid the Metcalf Research Building and go to the Brown University .
go to Robinson Hall and avoid the Robinson Gate .
avoid the Prospect House and go to the College Green .
go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ through Prospect House .
navigate to the Campus Market through the Lot 17 .
go to Sharpe Refectory without first passing through College Green .
go through the Hughes Court to the 86 Waterman  .
avoid the College Green and reach Untitled Lamp/Bear
go to Van Wickle Gates
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate before you go to the List Art Building .
navigate directly to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
move to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to the List Art Building avoiding the Van Wickle Gates . go through the List Art Building to get to the Van Wickle Gates .
go through the Wriston Quad to the Medical Research Lab .
go through Robinson Hall on your way to the John Carter Brown Library .
go to a spot in the Arnold Laboratory , but do n't touch Friedman Hall .
avoid the John Hay Library and go to the Starbucks .
go to the Kassar House via Barus Building .
navigate through Sharpe Refectory then go to Prospect House .
stay on the Minden Hall while going to the List Art Building .
go to the Manning without going to the Littlefield Hall
move to the Maxcy Hall without entering the Salomon Center for Teaching .
avoid Maxcy Hall and move into the Shirley Miller House .
navigate to the Maddock Alumni  through the Carrie Tower .
go to Simmons Quadrangle through the Slater Hall
go through the Brown Bear to the Minden Hall .
go to the The Ivy Room and then navigate to the Campus Market .
avoid Citizen's Bank and go to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to the 86 Waterman  through the 67 George
go to the Barus Building
from the Prince Engineering Lab , navigate to the 86 Waterman  .
avoid Hegeman and go to the John Hay Library .
go to 67 George , but do not go to Saint Stephens Church .
go to the University Hall by avoiding Starbucks if you reached the University Hall , then you can proceed to Starbucks .
go to Minden Hall without entering the Brown University Sciences Library .
always avoid going to Brown Bear through the Marston Hall
go to the Maxcy Hall through the Brown Bear .
go through University Hall to the Caswell Hall .
navigate to the Swearer Center for Public Service always avoiding the Citizen's Bank .
from the John Hay Library , navigate to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go up to Friedman Hall .
go to the Class of 1872 Gate from the Manning
go through Robinson Gate to the Maxcy Green .
go to the Prince Engineering Lab but avoid Wayland .
navigate to Rhode Island Hall .
head to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall avoiding Lot 76 .
go to the Walter Hall but avoid Maxcy Green .
move to Rhode Island Hall from the Friedman Hall .
always go through the Littlefield Hall before going to Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to the Hughes Court and then to Class of 1887 Gate .
always avoid going through the Lippit House to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate
go to Simmons Quadrangle then go to Manning .
go to the 67 George without going to Manning .
go to the The Ivy Room .
go to the Hope College while avoiding The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ
go to John Nicholas Brown Gate , then go to Robinson Hall .
go to the Slavery Memorial and then to Brown University .
go to the Urban Environmental Lab through the Norwood House
go to the Lippit House through the Idee di pietra
avoid Lippit House and go to Lyman Hall .
go to the Casey Shearer Memorial but avoid the Sayles Hall .
go to the Quiet Green then go 86 Waterman  .
go to the Prospect House whilst avoiding the Barus Building .
avoid Hughes Court and go to the Wilbour Hall .
go to the Lot 76 and then go to the Slavery Memorial .
from the Slavery Memorial , navigate to the Blue Room .
avoid the Rhode Island Hall until you go to Urban Environmental Lab .
go to the Hegeman through the Walter Hall
go to the Lot 76 while always avoiding the Robinson Hall
move to the Soldiers Memorial Gate then continue to the Wriston Quad .
go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority , but never through it
avoid the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences before you navigate to the Maddock Alumni  .
go from Maddock Alumni  to Simmons Quadrangle .
go to Maxcy Green and always avoid the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority
go to the Campus Market
go through the Wriston Quad to the Robinson Gate .
go to Faunce House .
stay on the Class of 1887 Gate and go to War Memorial .
go to 67 George before going to War Memorial .
go to or through the Minden Hall while avoiding going through the Norwood House
avoid the 67 George until going to Lot 76 .
head to the University Hall , but make sure to go through the Van Wickle Gates first .
go to Medical Research Lab
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop . if you reached the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop then you may go to the Barus Building .
go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to the Lincoln Field Building before going to the Mencoff Hall .
navigate to the Lot 17 via the Gardner House .
avoid the Norwood House until you go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to the Arnold Laboratory through the Lot 76
always go through Horace Mann House and then to the Robinson Hall .
avoid going through Sharpe Refectory until you go through the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to the Mencoff Hall while avoiding Blue Room
go to Untitled Lamp/Bear before going to Brown University .
stay on the Saint Stephens Church while navigating to Finlandia .
go to Carrie Tower and avoid the Van Wickle Gates .
go to Friedman Hall , then go to Finlandia
go through the J.W. Wilson before going to the John Hay Library .
go to the Kassar House through the Idee di pietra .
go to Saint Stephens Church through Citizen's Bank .
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ and then to Lot 76 .
go to Brown Bear , then up to Wriston Quad .
do not navigate away from the Simmons Quadrangle and go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to the Hughes Court before going to the Slavery Memorial .
navigate to the Prospect House while avoiding Carrie Tower .
go to Shirley Miller House always avoiding the Idee di pietra .
go through John Hay Library before going to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go directly to 86 Waterman 
go to the Sears before going to the Class of 1872 Gate
go to Wriston Quad , then up to Prospect House .
remain on the Sayles Hall and go directly to the Walter Hall .
move to the Metcalf Research Building .
always go from the Wriston Quad to the Kassar House .
got to Saint Stephens Church through the Barus Building .
go to the Prospect House .
navigate to the John Carter Brown Library through the Lippit House .
move to Watson Center for Information Technology .
head to the Circle Dance Sculpture without going through the Saint Stephens Church
go to Marcus Aurelius
proceed to Brown Bear but avoid Hegeman on the way . if you have reached Brown Bear then you can proceed to Hegeman .
go to the 67 George , then go to the Simmons Quadrangle .
always avoid Arnold Laboratory , and navigate to Faunce House .
go to Kassar House via the Friedman Hall .
go to Maxcy Hall through Citizen's Bank
go to Barus Building then Robinson Gate .
avoid Maxcy Hall and go to the Gardner House .
go to the Simmons Quadrangle avoiding University Hall .
go to or through the John Nicholas Brown Gate always avoid going through the Untitled Lamp/Bear
first navigate to the Untitled Lamp/Bear , then make your way to the Marcus Aurelius .
go to Simmons Quadrangle through the Campus Market .
go to the Manning and then to Norwood House .
advance to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology but always avoid the College Green .
avoid Rhode Island Hall until you go to The Ivy Room .
avoid the Hegeman and go to Robinson Gate .
go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate while avoiding Littlefield Hall .
go to the Carrie Tower , then go to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Norwood House , then go to Van Wickle Gates .
navigate to Maxcy Hall .
go to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to College Green from the Marston Hall only .
go to Sears through the List Art Building .
avoid Kassar House and go to the Carrie Tower .
go up to the List Art Building without going to Sears .
pass through the Saint Stephens Church on your way to the Sears .
go to Rhode Island Hall through the Mencoff Hall .
go from Faunce House to Shirley Miller House .
navigate to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity but do not pass through the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
first move to John Hay Library then navigate to the Blue Room .
go to anywhere on the 86 Waterman  .
go to Prospect House through the Wriston Quad
go to the Maxcy Green , then go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to Hegeman through Morgan Witter Rogers Gate
avoid Brown Center for Students of Color until going to the Wayland .
go to the Wilbour Hall
avoid the Watson Center for Information Technology and go to the Shirley Miller House .
go to the Sharpe Refectory via Arnold Laboratory .
go to Quiet Green and then to Brown University
go from the Carrie Tower to the Walter Hall
go through the Brown University to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
remain on the Rockefeller Library and go directly to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
do not go into the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority until going to John Nicholas Brown Gate
avoid Gardner House until you go to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go through the Horace Mann House to University Hall .
go to the Walter Hall always avoiding the Robinson Gate .
go to the Lippit House first
go through Swearer Center for Public Service to the Starbucks .
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate by first going to the Sayles Hall .
head to the Brown Bear without going through the Littlefield Hall
go through the Lot 17 to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate before going to Campus Market .
go to Van Wickle Gates , but do not go to Lincoln Field Building .
always go from the BERT to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to University Hall and then to Circle Dance Sculpture
always go through the Shirley Miller House before going to Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to Robinson Hall but do not first go through the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to Slavery Memorial after navigating to the Norwood House .
go through the John Nicholas Brown Gate before going to the Gardner House .
avoid the Caswell Hall while going to the Rhode Island Hall .
go to the 86 Waterman  .
avoid Carrie Tower until you go to Van Wickle Gates .
go to Campus Market through the Maxcy Hall
while always avoiding the Arnold Laboratory , go to Slavery Memorial .
avoid the Sears until going to the Medical Research Lab .
avoid Wayland and go to the Campus Market .
go to the Van Wickle Gates by first going to the Quiet Green .
go through the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ to the Maxcy Green .
navigate to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ through the Littlefield Hall .
avoid Idee di pietra until going to Maxcy Hall .
avoid Rockefeller Library and go to the Brown Bear .
head to the Metcalf Research Building and then head to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
avoid Lot 17 until you navigate to Starbucks .
go to or through the Manning while avoiding going through the 86 Waterman 
avoid Van Wickle Gates and go to the Caswell Hall .
go to the Wilbour Hall from the Marston Hall
avoid the second and University Hall and go to the Sayles Hall .
go to the Friedman Hall and then to Brown University .
go through Gardner House to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
navigate through Marcus Aurelius then go to Sharpe Refectory .
go to or through the Caswell Hall always avoid going to the Caswell Hall through Class of 1872 Gate
avoid the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop as you go to the Wriston Quad .
go to the Sears before going to Kassar House
do not navigate away from the Lyman Hall and go to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
avoid the Marston Hall and go to the University Hall .
go through Manning to the Carrie Tower .
avoid Lippit House and go to Maxcy Hall .
go to Walter Hall by first going to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
move to the Untitled Lamp/Bear and then move to Rockefeller Library .
go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology before you go to Watson Center for Information Technology .
go through Lot 17 to the Simmons Quadrangle .
move toward the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate
go to Wriston Quad then go to Robinson Hall .
move to the Citizen's Bank and then the Shirley Miller House .
go to William Goddard Memorial Gate through the Quiet Green .
go to John Hay Library and then to Shirley Miller House
go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate while avoiding Faunce House .
always avoid Class of 1887 Gate , and navigate to Campus Market .
go to University Hall through the Rockefeller Library .
go to Shirley Miller House and avoid the Mencoff Hall .
go to the Brown University via 67 George .
go to the Carrie Tower without going to Carrie Tower .
go to William Goddard Memorial Gate and then to Wayland .
got to Robinson Gate through the BERT .
avoid Mencoff Hall until going to the The Ivy Room .
pass through the Brown Bear on your way to the Hughes Court .
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ while always avoiding Metcalf Research Building
go to Lot 18 through Idee di pietra .
go to the Prospect House before going to Brown Bear .
go to the Friedman Hall and go down to the Lot 18 .
always avoid going to Slater Hall through the Caswell Hall
remain on the Lot 17 and navigate to the Brown Bear .
go to the Prospect House first
go to the Prospect House and avoid Brown Bear .
go to Maxcy Green , avoiding the Manning
avoid Sharpe Refectory until going to The Ivy Room .
avoid Walter Hall and go to the Brown University .
go up to the Rockefeller Library without going to Urban Environmental Lab .
go to or through the Prince Engineering Lab , but avoid going to the Prince Engineering Lab through the J.W. Wilson
go to the Slavery Memorial while avoiding the Citizen's Bank and if you have reached the Slavery Memorial then you can go to the Citizen's Bank .
go through Mencoff Hall to the Manning .
navigate to the Brown Bear before going to the Manning .
avoid The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ while navigating to Norwood House .
avoid the first and Friedman Hall and go to Lincoln Field Building .
go through Hope College to the Barus Building .
pass through the Saint Stephens Church before going to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
proceed to Minden Hall without going through the Medical Research Lab .
navigate to the The Ivy Room through the Van Wickle Gates .
avoid the 67 George until going through Littlefield Hall .
go to University Hall by going through Maddock Alumni 
avoid the Rhode Island Hall and go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to Minden Hall and always avoid the Brown University Sciences Library
go to the Marcus Aurelius
go to the Marcus Aurelius through the Starbucks .
avoid the first and Faunce House and go to College Green .
always avoid going to Lot 18 through the Manning
go through the List Art Building , then make your way to Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to Faunce House through the Class of 1872 Gate
go to or through the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ always avoid going to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ through Van Wickle Gates
avoid Saint Stephens Church and go to the Lincoln Field Building .
go to Swearer Center for Public Service through the Shirley Miller House
go to the List Art Building through Salomon Center for Teaching
avoid John Nicholas Brown Gate and go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go through the War Memorial to the P-131317 .
from the University Hall , navigate to Metcalf Research Building .
go to Hughes Court
go to the The Ivy Room after going to the Wayland .
always avoid Urban Environmental Lab and navigate to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to 1 Marcus Aurelius after Sharpe Refectory
go through the College Green to the BERT .
go to Sears by going through Carrie Tower
avoid College Green until going to the War Memorial .
go through the Shirley Miller House to the Quiet Green .
go from the Prince Engineering Lab to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop
go to the Faunce House through the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
from the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate , navigate to College Green .
go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity but always stay away from Manning .
move to Saint Stephens Church , but go through the Class of 1887 Gate first .
go through the Gardner House to the Lyman Hall .
navigate to Circle Dance Sculpture through the Slavery Memorial .
always avoid going to Walter Hall through the Marston Hall
go to Lot 17 but do not enter the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop first .
navigate to the Quiet Green then continue to Prospect House .
always avoid going through the Metcalf Research Building to the Robinson Hall
always pass Shirley Miller House before Lincoln Field Building .
go to the University Hall without going to the P-131317 .
go to the Quiet Green
go to Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to the Wriston Quad but avoid the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to the Sears before you go to the Barus Building .
avoid GeoChem and Macmillian Hall until navigating to the Walter Hall .
from the Arnold Laboratory , navigate to the John Hay Library .
go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to Robinson Gate always avoiding the John Hay Library .
go to the Minden Hall before going to Untitled Lamp/Bear
go to Kassar House and then the Robinson Gate
go to Casey Shearer Memorial but do not enter the Barus Building first .
avoid Van Wickle Gates until going to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to the Citizen's Bank through the Class of 1872 Gate
go to the Prince Engineering Lab and then go to Quiet Green .
avoid the Medical Research Lab until going to the Rockefeller Library .
go to the The Ivy Room and then to the Brown Bear .
go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate via the John Carter Brown Library .
avoid BERT until going to the P-131317 .
go to J.W. Wilson after navigating to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to War Memorial
avoid the Van Wickle Gates until you go to the Campus Market .
go through the Lot 76 to Hope College .
go to Arnold Laboratory .
navigate to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to Mencoff Hall through the Starbucks
avoid Salomon Center for Teaching until you go to Lincoln Field Building .
go to or through the Lot 76 always avoid going to the Lot 76 through Brown Bear
go through the Hegeman to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
navigate to the Littlefield Hall but do n't ever go to Metcalf Research Building .
go to the Finlandia by first going through Prince Engineering Lab .
avoid the second and War Memorial and go to the Maxcy Hall .
go to Saint Stephens Church while always avoiding the Brown Bear
while always avoiding the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop , go to Shirley Miller House .
go to the Littlefield Hall through the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity
go to the The Ivy Room without going through the Barus Building . if you reached the The Ivy Room then you can go to the Barus Building , or be done .
go to the Robinson Gate whilst avoiding the Wayland .
stay on the Barus Building and navigate to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
first go to John Carter Brown Library , then go to the Carrie Tower .
go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall then Simmons Quadrangle .
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority through the Hope College .
go to the Maxcy Green by first going through the Van Wickle Gates .
avoid the Soldiers Memorial Gate until you go to the Lyman Hall .
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall avoiding the Wayland .
go to Lot 17 while avoiding going through any other objects
go to William Goddard Memorial Gate by going through Lot 17
navigate to the Rockefeller Library .
go to the Medical Research Lab avoiding the Lot 76 .
go to Untitled Lamp/Bear , then head to the Minden Hall .
proceed to the Metcalf Research Building .
without stepping in the Wayland , go to Salomon Center for Teaching .
navigate to the Saint Stephens Church after going to the Marcus Aurelius .
go to J.W. Wilson while avoiding University Hall
go to Shirley Miller House through the Arnold Laboratory
go to Horace Mann House after going to Lyman Hall .
go to the Mencoff Hall , then navigate to the Finlandia .
avoid the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences until after you 've gone to the List Art Building .
go to the Lot 17 through the Watson Center for Information Technology
avoid Prince Engineering Lab until going to Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority , then go to the Robinson Hall
move to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to War Memorial
go to the Van Wickle Gates while avoiding the Wayland .
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
always avoid Wayland and go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
always avoid Faunce House and go to Class of 1887 Gate
go to the Robinson Gate avoiding Maddock Alumni  .
go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences through the Hughes Court .
go to Carrie Tower through the War Memorial .
avoid Sayles Hall and go to the Barus Building .
avoid Saint Stephens Church and go to the Lot 17 .
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
avoid the Class of 1887 Gate and go to Saint Stephens Church .
go to the Prospect House before going to Maddock Alumni  .
avoid the Wilbour Hall until you navigate to the Brown Bear .
go to the University Hall .
avoid Shirley Miller House until going to the Quiet Green .
go to the Brown University Sciences Library through the Prince Engineering Lab .
go to Sears through John Hay Library .
go to the Faunce House .
go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate only through the Medical Research Lab
go to the Marston Hall without going through the Robinson Gate . if you reached the Marston Hall then you can go to the Robinson Gate , or be done .
go to 1 Morgan Witter Rogers Gate after Robinson Gate
always avoid Lippit House and go to Metcalf Research Building
move to the Finlandia .
go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ and then go to the Brown Bear .
go to Brown University Sciences Library then go to the Brown University .
navigate to the Lippit House .
start on the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology and move directly to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to the Van Wickle Gates through the Mencoff Hall
go through the Wriston Quad to Robinson Hall .
visit Kassar House but do n't leave the Norwood House .
avoid Metcalf Research Building and go to the Hope College .
avoid the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences and the Caswell Hall and go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
always avoid the Wilbour Hall to navigate to Sears .
always avoid the Wriston Quad and navigate to the John Carter Brown Library .
avoid the first and Maddock Alumni  and go to Finlandia .
go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear through the Shirley Miller House .
go to the Robinson Gate and then to Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to the Prospect House whilst avoiding the Quiet Green .
go to the Robinson Gate and avoid William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to the Maxcy Green .
avoid Prince Engineering Lab until going to the Starbucks .
go to Lippit House through Hughes Court
go to 1 Citizen's Bank after John Hay Library
always go to Rhode Island Hall before navigating to the 67 George .
go to The Ivy Room while avoiding Kassar House
avoid the 86 Waterman  until you navigate to College Green .
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate through the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to the Finlandia by going through Rhode Island Hall .
avoid Marston Hall and go to the Sharpe Refectory .
go to the P-131317 through the University Hall .
go to the Littlefield Hall and then go directly to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
navigate to the List Art Building , always avoiding the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to Maddock Alumni  through the Lippit House .
move to the J.W. Wilson without entering the Starbucks .
go to Metcalf Research Building , avoiding the War Memorial
avoid Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop until you pass through Marston Hall .
go to the Lot 18 .
avoid the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate until going to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
always go through the Rhode Island Hall before going to Sears .
go through the Circle Dance Sculpture , then make your way to Robinson Hall .
go to the Robinson Gate then the University Hall .
navigate to the Caswell Hall before going to the Medical Research Lab .
go through the Urban Environmental Lab to the Carrie Tower .
avoid the Starbucks until going to the Lot 76 .
avoid Van Wickle Gates until you pass through Hegeman .
always avoid Brown Bear and navigate to the Saint Stephens Church .
always avoid Maxcy Green and navigate to the Manning .
go to the Maxcy Green while avoiding the Caswell Hall
avoid the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall , navigate to the Minden Hall .
go to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
avoid Shirley Miller House and go to Brown University .
avoid William Goddard Memorial Gate and go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to Norwood House .
go to Sharpe Refectory and then to Barus Building
avoid Finlandia and go to Brown University Sciences Library .
go to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
navigate through Finlandia then go to Watson Center for Information Technology .
navigate to the Friedman Hall then continue to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
stay away from the Lot 17 and go to Simmons Quadrangle .
navigate to the Brown Bear .
from the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority , go to Littlefield Hall directly .
proceed to the Norwood House .
go to Robinson Gate through Brown University
navigate to the Friedman Hall and avoid Rhode Island Hall .
avoid 86 Waterman  until going to the Shirley Miller House .
always pass Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity before Lincoln Field Building .
go to the Robinson Hall via the Metcalf Research Building .
avoid Lincoln Field Building until you have passed through Arnold Laboratory
first go to the 86 Waterman  and then go to Wilbour Hall .
go to the Idee di pietra first
go to the Starbucks before going to College Green
avoid Swearer Center for Public Service until going to the Citizen's Bank .
go to the Quiet Green avoiding the John Hay Library . if you get to Quiet Green you can then proceed to the John Hay Library
avoid Simmons Quadrangle and go to the Class of 1887 Gate .
first navigate to Untitled Lamp/Bear , then go to The Ivy Room .
head to the Quiet Green .
avoid Hegeman until going to Circle Dance Sculpture .
avoid John Hay Library until you go to the Lot 18 .
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
avoid the Faunce House and go to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to Watson Center for Information Technology without going in the Untitled Lamp/Bear
go to the John Carter Brown Library before going to Brown Center for Students of Color .
always avoid Simmons Quadrangle and go to Medical Research Lab .
avoid the Sears and go to Quiet Green .
go to Faunce House . then go directly to Kassar House
avoid going through Alpha Chi Omega Sorority until you go through the Manning .
go to the Maddock Alumni  before going to Shirley Miller House
avoid the The Ivy Room until reaching the J.W. Wilson .
go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate before going to the Simmons Quadrangle
go to 1 Maxcy Green after Maxcy Hall
go through the Robinson Gate before going to Metcalf Research Building
move to Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to BERT .
avoid the P-131317 until you navigate to the Carrie Tower .
go from the Finlandia to the Lippit House
go to the Prince Engineering Lab avoiding the Saint Stephens Church . if you get to Prince Engineering Lab you can then proceed to the Saint Stephens Church
move to the Barus Building and then move to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to the Starbucks and then to Slavery Memorial .
avoid Kassar House and go to the Caswell Hall .
avoid Lippit House and move into the Metcalf Research Building .
go from the The Ivy Room to the Blue Room .
avoid Sears until going to Sharpe Refectory .
go to the 67 George via Wayland .
go to the Casey Shearer Memorial through the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go from the Wayland to the Sayles Hall
go to Brown Center for Students of Color before navigating to the Arnold Laboratory .
go to Watson Center for Information Technology
avoid Hope College until you navigate to College Green .
move to College Green without entering the Urban Environmental Lab . then you may stay at College Green or go to the Urban Environmental Lab .
always go through the Idee di pietra before going to Urban Environmental Lab .
avoid the The Ivy Room until passing Medical Research Lab .
go to Brown Bear .
move to the Casey Shearer Memorial but ensure to go to the Rhode Island Hall first .
avoid the Prospect House until you go to the Brown Bear .
avoid The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ until going to the Rhode Island Hall .
avoid the Wriston Quad until navigating to the Lot 76 .
move to Manning and then proceed to the Brown University .
avoid the Slavery Memorial until Marston Hall .
go through Starbucks to Lippit House .
go to Littlefield Hall but do not first pass through 67 George .
always avoid Gardner House and navigate to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
navigate to the Hegeman while avoiding The Ivy Room .
move to the Class of 1872 Gate without leaving the Prospect House .
avoid GeoChem and Macmillian Hall until you go to the Faunce House .
move to the Arnold Laboratory without leaving the Shirley Miller House .
always avoid Prince Engineering Lab and go to the Faunce House .
navigate to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ but do not pass through the 67 George .
avoid the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate until going to the Quiet Green .
avoid the College Green
move to Slater Hall but avoid Metcalf Research Building .
go to the Walter Hall and avoid the BERT .
navigate to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to the Carrie Tower
go to Sharpe Refectory through Sayles Hall .
navigate to the University Hall always avoiding the War Memorial .
go to William Goddard Memorial Gate by first going to the Lincoln Field Building .
avoid Marcus Aurelius until going to the Faunce House .
go to the Faunce House before going to Robinson Hall .
go to the BERT avoiding Starbucks .
go to or through the Shirley Miller House . always avoid going to the Shirley Miller House through Carrie Tower
move to Simmons Quadrangle , but go through the Robinson Gate first .
move to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
avoid Rockefeller Library until after the List Art Building
avoid the Hope College and go to the Class of 1872 Gate .
first navigate to Mencoff Hall , then go to Class of 1887 Gate .
go up to the Shirley Miller House without going to Salomon Center for Teaching .
from the Van Wickle Gates , navigate to Simmons Quadrangle .
avoid the Marston Hall until passing Rockefeller Library .
go to P-131317 and always avoid the Lippit House
go to Brown University
avoid Lyman Hall and go to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
avoid the Rockefeller Library and go to the Mencoff Hall .
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop but avoid College Green .
go through the Kassar House to the Caswell Hall .
go through the Marcus Aurelius to the Blue Room .
go to Circle Dance Sculpture then go to Brown University Sciences Library .
navigate to the Van Wickle Gates always avoiding the Brown University Sciences Library .
avoid the first and Lot 18 and go to War Memorial .
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate through the J.W. Wilson
avoid the Slavery Memorial until going to the Mencoff Hall .
visit Brown Center for Students of Color but do n't leave the Lot 76 .
go to Horace Mann House via the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to the Lot 17 through GeoChem and Macmillian Hall
avoid Brown Bear and go to the Quiet Green .
go to the Lincoln Field Building by avoiding 86 Waterman  if you reached the Lincoln Field Building , then you can proceed to 86 Waterman  .
avoid Metcalf Research Building until navigating to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate and avoid the 86 Waterman  .
go to the Citizen's Bank before going to Brown Center for Students of Color
go through the J.W. Wilson first , then go to the Shirley Miller House .
go to the 86 Waterman  .
go from the Urban Environmental Lab to the Class of 1887 Gate
navigate to the Mencoff Hall through the Campus Market .
always pass Sharpe Refectory before Saint Stephens Church .
move to Robinson Gate but avoid Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to the BERT and then to Littlefield Hall .
go to the Marston Hall .
go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall through the Circle Dance Sculpture
avoid the Prospect House until College Green .
go to Hegeman and avoid the University Hall .
avoid the Swearer Center for Public Service
always avoid Robinson Hall and navigate to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to Norwood House .
go through the Prospect House first , then go to the Hughes Court .
avoid the Gardner House until you reach 86 Waterman  .
while avoiding the Carrie Tower , navigate to Rockefeller Library .
go to the Walter Hall through the Campus Market
avoid the List Art Building until going to the Wriston Quad .
avoid the John Hay Library
avoid Maxcy Hall and go to William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to the Saint Stephens Church or the Hope College only .
go to the John Carter Brown Library , then go to the Faunce House .
go to the John Hay Library and then navigate to the Medical Research Lab .
go through Horace Mann House and navigate to the Mencoff Hall .
head to Van Wickle Gates after going to the John Hay Library .
go to Casey Shearer Memorial before going in the Blue Room
avoid Hughes Court , and go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to the Robinson Gate and avoid J.W. Wilson .
avoiding the Hughes Court , go to Rhode Island Hall .
always avoid going through William Goddard Memorial Gate
go to Lippit House without entering the Caswell Hall .
navigate through Norwood House and go to the Robinson Gate .
go from Slavery Memorial to Hope College .
move to the Caswell Hall .
go to Idee di pietra , then head to the Finlandia .
go to the Lippit House then go Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to the Hope College
go through the Watson Center for Information Technology to the John Carter Brown Library .
first navigate to the Simmons Quadrangle , then make your way to the John Hay Library .
go to Sharpe Refectory through Arnold Laboratory .
go to the College Green by first going through the Lot 76 .
go to Brown University Sciences Library without first passing through Maxcy Green .
go to the Rockefeller Library by avoiding Lyman Hall if you reached the Rockefeller Library , then you can proceed to Lyman Hall .
go to the Caswell Hall then go to the Maddock Alumni  .
pass through Manning on your way to the Walter Hall .
go to Starbucks and then to Minden Hall
go to the Van Wickle Gates , then go to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to The Ivy Room , avoid the Sears until you have been to the The Ivy Room
go to the Shirley Miller House .
avoid the second and Prospect House and go to the Lincoln Field Building .
go to the Van Wickle Gates
always pass John Carter Brown Library before University Hall .
go to the Wayland but avoid the Brown University .
go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology without going through the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority . if you reached the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology then you can go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority , or be done .
avoid Prince Engineering Lab and go to Mencoff Hall .
always avoid Maddock Alumni  and go to the Lot 18 .
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching while avoiding Carrie Tower
navigate to the Casey Shearer Memorial before going to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go through the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity to the Slater Hall .
go to College Green through the Robinson Gate
avoid John Hay Library until you go to the Citizen's Bank .
go to Campus Market through the Hegeman
go to Horace Mann House through the Rhode Island Hall .
go to the Sears through the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity
go to the Hegeman before going to Lincoln Field Building
go to the Carrie Tower via John Hay Library .
without stepping in the Barus Building , go to Carrie Tower .
go to Brown Center for Students of Color
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to the Rhode Island Hall without going to Rhode Island Hall .
go through Van Wickle Gates to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to or through the John Carter Brown Library always avoid going to the John Carter Brown Library through J.W. Wilson
go to Wilbour Hall through the 86 Waterman  .
navigate to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology staying on the 86 Waterman  .
remain on the Marston Hall and navigate to the List Art Building .
without stepping in the Sears , go to Caswell Hall .
go to William Goddard Memorial Gate , then go to Maxcy Green .
remain on the BERT and navigate to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to the Carrie Tower then move to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go through the Sayles Hall to Slater Hall .
avoid the Marston Hall and go to Brown Bear .
go to the Quiet Green then go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go through the Lot 76 to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
navigate to the Simmons Quadrangle before you go to Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to the Marcus Aurelius through Citizen's Bank
go to Brown Bear through the Lot 17 .
go through the Slavery Memorial before navigating to Wriston Quad .
first navigate to the Prince Engineering Lab , then make your way to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to Watson Center for Information Technology before Prospect House .
go to the BERT , then go to the The Ivy Room .
go to the Brown University through Brown Bear .
go to Soldiers Memorial Gate via the Wilbour Hall .
proceed to Wriston Quad but avoid Untitled Lamp/Bear on the way . if you have reached Wriston Quad then you can proceed to Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to the 67 George then go Mencoff Hall .
avoid the Idee di pietra and go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to the Class of 1872 Gate , avoiding Barus Building .
go to Carrie Tower before going to Lot 17 .
go to or through the Sayles Hall always avoid going through the Friedman Hall
always pass Salomon Center for Teaching to get to level 1 .
travel through the Carrie Tower then go to the Hope College .
head to the Quiet Green .
always go to University Hall before Carrie Tower .
navigate to the John Hay Library before going to the P-131317 .
avoid List Art Building until after the Faunce House
go to Maddock Alumni  without going in the Caswell Hall
go to the Robinson Gate avoiding the Wilbour Hall .
go to Barus Building .
go to Robinson Gate , before going to Walter Hall .
proceed to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall but do n't leave the Metcalf Research Building .
navigate to the Minden Hall by passing through the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
navigate to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
remain on the BERT and go directly to the List Art Building .
go to Slavery Memorial whilst avoiding the Kassar House .
go to Lippit House while avoiding going through any other objects
navigate to the P-131317 , avoiding War Memorial .
go to the Slavery Memorial .
go to Marston Hall through Gardner House .
always navigate to Littlefield Hall and then proceed to Citizen's Bank .
avoid the Quiet Green and navigate to the Shirley Miller House .
navigate to the Littlefield Hall via the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
always avoid the John Hay Library and go to the P-131317 .
go from the Norwood House to the Wriston Quad
move to the Citizen's Bank , travelling through Sharpe Refectory .
stay on the Slater Hall and navigate to Walter Hall .
go to or through the Prince Engineering Lab always avoid going through the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ
avoid John Nicholas Brown Gate and go to the War Memorial .
avoid the Sharpe Refectory and go to Citizen's Bank .
go to the Friedman Hall
go to the Lot 76 through the Starbucks .
go to the Lincoln Field Building through GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
avoid the Lyman Hall and reach Slater Hall
move to the Gardner House , travelling through the Medical Research Lab .
go to Slater Hall through Sears
go to Mencoff Hall through Slavery Memorial
first navigate to the Soldiers Memorial Gate , then make your way to the Sharpe Refectory .
avoid Prince Engineering Lab until reaching the Brown Bear .
go to the The Ivy Room through the Casey Shearer Memorial
go to the Marston Hall only through the Saint Stephens Church
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go from the Prince Engineering Lab to Robinson Gate .
avoid the Caswell Hall and go to Sayles Hall if you reached the Sayles Hall , you can now go to the Caswell Hall or stay on Sayles Hall .
go to Sayles Hall without entering the Gardner House .
pass through Brown Bear before going to the Brown University Sciences Library .
go to the Lot 76 .
go to the Class of 1872 Gate . if you reached the Class of 1872 Gate then you may go to the BERT .
go to Class of 1872 Gate whilst avoiding the Metcalf Research Building .
avoid Morgan Witter Rogers Gate until going to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to the Carrie Tower while avoiding Soldiers Memorial Gate
avoid the Lincoln Field Building and go to Prince Engineering Lab
travel to the Mencoff Hall and then go to Salomon Center for Teaching .
go through the Casey Shearer Memorial to get to Robinson Hall
got to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority through the Finlandia .
go to the Marston Hall but avoid Starbucks .
go to the Lippit House through the Circle Dance Sculpture
go to Van Wickle Gates through Salomon Center for Teaching
go to Sharpe Refectory through the Swearer Center for Public Service .
navigate to 86 Waterman  through the Brown Center for Students of Color .
avoid the Slater Hall and go to the Sayles Hall .
go from the Class of 1887 Gate to the Brown Center for Students of Color
avoid List Art Building and go to the War Memorial .
navigate through Gardner House and go to the Robinson Gate .
go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall then go to the Horace Mann House .
navigate to the Carrie Tower .
navigate to the Robinson Gate while avoiding the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to the Sharpe Refectory before you go to Slavery Memorial .
go to John Hay Library but do not first go through the Rockefeller Library .
go to Hughes Court by first going to the Kassar House .
go through Hughes Court to Simmons Quadrangle .
go to the Lippit House through the Starbucks .
go to Finlandia
go to the Lincoln Field Building .
avoid the Sayles Hall until William Goddard Memorial Gate .
navigate to the Hughes Court .
go from the Horace Mann House to College Green .
go to the Swearer Center for Public Service , then go to the Carrie Tower .
first move to War Memorial then navigate to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
go through the Carrie Tower to the Prospect House .
go to Urban Environmental Lab . then go directly to John Hay Library
avoid the John Nicholas Brown Gate and reach Faunce House
avoid Sears until going to the Wriston Quad .
head to the William Goddard Memorial Gate avoiding J.W. Wilson .
avoid John Hay Library and go to the Walter Hall .
go to the Blue Room
avoid the Faunce House until going to the Mencoff Hall .
go to Brown Bear through Marston Hall .
avoid the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity until you navigate to Wayland .
go to the Prince Engineering Lab through the Circle Dance Sculpture
go to the Brown University through Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to John Hay Library and then to Metcalf Research Building
move to Lincoln Field Building after moving to the Barus Building .
go through the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate to Hegeman .
go to or through the Walter Hall , but avoid going to the Walter Hall through the Brown University Sciences Library
go to Prospect House without going into the Minden Hall
go to List Art Building without going to Kassar House
go to the Robinson Gate .
go to the J.W. Wilson from the Prospect House
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ and avoid the List Art Building .
go to Maxcy Hall , avoiding the Untitled Lamp/Bear
navigate to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall before you go to Minden Hall .
move to the Robinson Gate but ensure to go to the Sharpe Refectory first .
go to the Kassar House through the 67 George
go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate
go to the Swearer Center for Public Service through the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to the Rockefeller Library .
move to Mencoff Hall from the Saint Stephens Church .
proceed to the Marston Hall by going through the 67 George .
go to the Norwood House , then go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority without first passing through Quiet Green .
go to or through the Wayland while avoiding going through the Prince Engineering Lab
go to the Faunce House by first going through the War Memorial .
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
avoid Gardner House and go to P-131317 .
avoid Rhode Island Hall until after you go to Manning .
start on the List Art Building and move directly to Hughes Court .
avoid the Citizen's Bank until Salomon Center for Teaching .
avoid Marston Hall and go to Carrie Tower .
always avoid the Casey Shearer Memorial while navigating to Brown University Sciences Library .
avoid the Marston Hall until you go to Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to the Marston Hall then move to the Maxcy Green .
go to the Prince Engineering Lab while avoiding the Soldiers Memorial Gate
move to the Hope College then continue to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
always avoid the Rhode Island Hall , go to Lippit House .
avoid the Campus Market until going to Citizen's Bank .
go to the Manning by first going to the Starbucks .
avoid the Finlandia until you reach Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go through Norwood House then go to John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching through the Lyman Hall .
go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate through the Manning
go to the Brown Bear through P-131317
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall , then go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
always pass through the Lippit House to get to Class of 1887 Gate .
do n't go into the War Memorial until going to Urban Environmental Lab
avoid the Maxcy Green and reach P-131317
avoid the Sharpe Refectory until going to the Lot 76 .
avoid the Faunce House until after going to the Brown Bear .
go to Brown Bear
go to or through the Prince Engineering Lab always avoid going to the Prince Engineering Lab through the Class of 1887 Gate
move to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
move to the Robinson Gate , travelling through Medical Research Lab .
start on the Sayles Hall , go directly to the Carrie Tower .
navigate to the Quiet Green .
go to or through the William Goddard Memorial Gate always avoid going through the Lippit House
avoid Marcus Aurelius until going to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
move to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ and then move to John Hay Library .
go to the Marston Hall .
go through the Caswell Hall to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate
go to the Idee di pietra but avoid Horace Mann House .
navigate to the Brown Bear before you go to Brown University Sciences Library .
go through 86 Waterman  and then to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
first navigate to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ , then go to Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to Starbucks through the John Carter Brown Library
go to Walter Hall through the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences
get to Class of 1872 Gate , while avoiding Manning
always avoid going through the Slater Hall to the Watson Center for Information Technology
go to the Lot 18 .
go to the Brown University avoiding the Brown University . if you reached the Medical Research Lab you can stay there , or head to the Brown University .
avoid Horace Mann House until going to Campus Market .
go to Saint Stephens Church before going to Lippit House .
avoid the Wayland until going to Soldiers Memorial Gate .
travel to the Prospect House and then go to Hope College .
go to the Maddock Alumni  , then go to the Shirley Miller House .
go to Robinson Hall before going to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
navigate to the Marston Hall and avoid Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
avoid Norwood House and proceed to Barus Building
navigate to the Class of 1872 Gate via the Slater Hall .
go to the P-131317 avoiding the Hegeman . if you get to P-131317 you can then proceed to the Hegeman
go to the Faunce House while avoiding John Carter Brown Library
go to the Brown Bear .
go to the Kassar House through the John Hay Library .
go to Shirley Miller House through the Arnold Laboratory .
go to Quiet Green , then go to Van Wickle Gates .
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ and then go directly to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology by first going through the Faunce House .
go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop and then the Shirley Miller House
go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate but avoid BERT if you reached to the John Nicholas Brown Gate then you can head to BERT or stay put .
avoid the John Hay Library until going to the Sayles Hall .
avoid the Robinson Gate until you go to the Maxcy Green .
navigate to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to Swearer Center for Public Service through the Marcus Aurelius .
go to College Green before going to Gardner House
go to the Lyman Hall .
stay on the Medical Research Lab and go to Brown University .
go to Friedman Hall
go to the Saint Stephens Church before you go to the Shirley Miller House .
go from Brown Bear to Sharpe Refectory .
go to the Shirley Miller House by first going through Barus Building .
go to the Arnold Laboratory .
avoid Morgan Witter Rogers Gate until going to the Mencoff Hall .
always go from the Saint Stephens Church to the Carrie Tower .
avoid the first and Maxcy Hall and go to Lyman Hall .
go to the Medical Research Lab , then go to the College Green
go through Untitled Lamp/Bear before going to the Prince Engineering Lab .
avoid Carrie Tower until you go to Barus Building .
always avoid going to Hughes Court through the Circle Dance Sculpture
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall by avoiding Metcalf Research Building if you reached the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall , then you can proceed to Metcalf Research Building .
avoid the Saint Stephens Church , navigate to the Brown University .
avoid the The Ivy Room until going to the Blue Room .
go to the Gardner House but do not go through the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall first .
avoid the College Green until after navigating to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
avoid Lot 18 and go to the Walter Hall .
stay away from the 67 George and go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to Swearer Center for Public Service whilst avoiding the College Green .
move to Wriston Quad after moving to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the John Hay Library through the Lippit House .
avoid the John Hay Library until going to the Lot 17 .
pass through Marston Hall before going to the Carrie Tower .
avoid P-131317 until you go to William Goddard Memorial Gate .
avoid the Wayland until after navigating to the Brown University .
avoid the War Memorial until you go to Hughes Court .
stay on the Friedman Hall to get to War Memorial .
go to List Art Building through Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity
go to John Hay Library through University Hall .
go to the Littlefield Hall through the Brown University Sciences Library .
go to Lot 76 through the Caswell Hall
go to the Van Wickle Gates via Lot 76 .
go to Metcalf Research Building only through the Minden Hall
go to Wilbour Hall through the Manning
go to Walter Hall , before going to Arnold Laboratory .
navigate to Brown Bear through the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to Swearer Center for Public Service always avoiding the Lincoln Field Building .
go to Wayland avoiding the John Hay Library . then go to the John Hay Library or stay on Wayland .
avoid the Lincoln Field Building and go to Van Wickle Gates .
go through Kassar House before going to the Simmons Quadrangle .
go through the Quiet Green to Caswell Hall .
go to Maxcy Green .
go through the Campus Market to Shirley Miller House .
go to the Class of 1872 Gate while avoiding Lippit House
go through the Soldiers Memorial Gate to Blue Room .
avoid Untitled Lamp/Bear while traveling to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
stay on the Littlefield Hall while going to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
avoid Starbucks and proceed to Prospect House
avoid going through Sayles Hall until you go through the Hope College .
go to the Maxcy Hall , then go to the Sharpe Refectory
go to Friedman Hall , then go to Wayland .
go to the Lot 76 and avoid the Blue Room .
avoid the Blue Room until you navigate to the Maddock Alumni  .
go to John Nicholas Brown Gate by first going to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to the J.W. Wilson through the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go up to the Lincoln Field Building without going to Maxcy Green .
go to the Rhode Island Hall through the Marston Hall
navigate to Brown University through the Citizen's Bank .
stay on the Simmons Quadrangle and go to Arnold Laboratory .
go from War Memorial to William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to the Prince Engineering Lab , then go to the Wayland .
head to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate without going through the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop
go to the Lot 18 while avoiding Brown Bear .
go through the 67 George to Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to Marcus Aurelius
go to the Horace Mann House while staying on the Sharpe Refectory .
go to the Metcalf Research Building by touching the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to the Starbucks through Soldiers Memorial Gate .
avoid the Watson Center for Information Technology until you go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
always avoid the Prospect House and navigate to the J.W. Wilson .
go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate while avoiding GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to the Blue Room and then go directly to the Brown Bear .
navigate to List Art Building through the Barus Building .
avoid the The Ivy Room until you navigate to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
move towards Brown Bear and then to Kassar House .
go to Barus Building
go through Morgan Witter Rogers Gate to Saint Stephens Church .
always go through the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity before going to Kassar House .
go to the Prospect House .
avoid the 67 George and go to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
avoid John Carter Brown Library and go to The Ivy Room if you have reached The Ivy Room then you can go to John Carter Brown Library .
go to the Urban Environmental Lab before going to Sears
move to the Simmons Quadrangle and then the Starbucks .
avoid the John Hay Library until going to the Wriston Quad .
go to the Robinson Gate .
avoid the Prince Engineering Lab and go to the Wayland .
always avoid the Arnold Laboratory and go to the Citizen's Bank .
go to Manning and then to Horace Mann House
navigate to John Hay Library .
avoid Idee di pietra and go to Caswell Hall .
always avoid P-131317 and go to Medical Research Lab .
go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology without going to the Sayles Hall . if you reached the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology , now you can go to the Sayles Hall .
avoid the Caswell Hall and go to College Green if you reached the College Green , you can now go to the Caswell Hall or stay on College Green .
go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate through the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to Van Wickle Gates but do not first pass through Simmons Quadrangle .
go to the Shirley Miller House and then go to the Prince Engineering Lab .
navigate to the Van Wickle Gates always passing through the Sharpe Refectory .
avoid John Hay Library and go to the Caswell Hall .
move to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority without leaving the Hegeman .
go through the Urban Environmental Lab to the Saint Stephens Church .
go to the Shirley Miller House through BERT .
go to or through the Kassar House while avoiding going through the Maxcy Green
go to Maxcy Hall without going in the Carrie Tower
always avoid Brown Bear , and navigate to Sayles Hall .
go to the The Ivy Room without going to Lincoln Field Building .
go to the Rockefeller Library and then go to the Walter Hall .
go to Shirley Miller House then go to the Gardner House .
go to Lot 17 before going in the The Ivy Room .
go to the Lippit House then move to the Wilbour Hall .
go to the Van Wickle Gates avoiding the Brown Center for Students of Color .
always avoid BERT while going to Campus Market .
go to the Brown University Sciences Library , then go to the 86 Waterman  .
avoid the Slavery Memorial until going to Brown University .
go to Finlandia before going to the War Memorial
go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences , then navigate to the Gardner House .
go to the Mencoff Hall without going through the Maxcy Green . if you reached the Mencoff Hall then you can go to the Maxcy Green , or be done .
do not go into the Van Wickle Gates until going to Brown Bear
navigate to the Wriston Quad while avoiding Lot 17 .
go to Littlefield Hall then go to Littlefield Hall .
go to Finlandia after going to Rhode Island Hall .
navigate to Casey Shearer Memorial , always avoiding Lyman Hall .
go to or through the Horace Mann House always avoid going to the Horace Mann House through Kassar House
go to Brown Bear , then go to Minden Hall .
always avoid the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences and go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to the Brown Bear while staying on the Kassar House .
go to Robinson Gate , then go to John Hay Library .
go to the Norwood House through the Maddock Alumni  .
go to Robinson Gate through the Lot 17
go to Citizen's Bank after navigating to the List Art Building .
move to the Blue Room .
navigate to the Class of 1872 Gate .
stay on the Finlandia and go to the Lot 18 .
avoid the Slavery Memorial and go to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to Marston Hall .
go to Brown Bear through the Brown University Sciences Library
pass through Watson Center for Information Technology on your way to the Metcalf Research Building .
go directly to Brown Center for Students of Color
navigate to the Walter Hall through the Hughes Court .
go to Blue Room . then go directly to John Nicholas Brown Gate
go to War Memorial while avoiding the Brown University Sciences Library .
go to Urban Environmental Lab while avoiding Carrie Tower
go to the Rhode Island Hall always avoiding the Urban Environmental Lab .
go to Prince Engineering Lab , before going to Marston Hall .
go through the Starbucks to Rhode Island Hall .
go to or through the Campus Market . always avoid going to the Campus Market through Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity
go to J.W. Wilson after going to Lyman Hall .
go to the Starbucks , then go to Blue Room .
go from Lot 18 to Idee di pietra .
move to Gardner House from the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to or through Slavery Memorial avoiding going through William Goddard Memorial Gate
go to the Finlandia without going to the Lyman Hall . if you reached the Finlandia , now you can go to the Lyman Hall .
go through the Salomon Center for Teaching to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity
go to Metcalf Research Building .
go to Sayles Hall via the Sharpe Refectory .
from the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop , navigate to the Robinson Hall .
go to Saint Stephens Church through the Campus Market .
go to Blue Room through the Medical Research Lab .
avoid Finlandia and go to Arnold Laboratory if you 've reached Arnold Laboratory then you can go to Finlandia .
always avoid going through the John Carter Brown Library to the List Art Building
go to the Circle Dance Sculpture and then to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to Prince Engineering Lab and then to The Ivy Room
go to the 86 Waterman  avoiding the The Ivy Room .
navigate to the Simmons Quadrangle and avoid Slater Hall .
navigate to the Simmons Quadrangle before going to the Urban Environmental Lab .
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall through Citizen's Bank
go to Lincoln Field Building , then go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go through the Brown Bear to Prince Engineering Lab .
go to the Maddock Alumni  without touching Sayles Hall .
navigate through Saint Stephens Church and go to the Lyman Hall .
go to the Metcalf Research Building through the Sears
avoid The Ivy Room and go to the Shirley Miller House .
navigate to the Prince Engineering Lab staying on the Caswell Hall .
go to Arnold Laboratory , avoiding the Wilbour Hall
pass through Sears before going to the Barus Building .
avoid List Art Building until going to the Slater Hall .
avoid the Wilbour Hall until going to the Manning .
go to Lincoln Field Building and then to Minden Hall
avoid the Finlandia until you navigate to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to Littlefield Hall
go to the Brown University Sciences Library .
first navigate to Manning , then go to P-131317 .
avoid the Brown Center for Students of Color until after going to the University Hall .
always avoid Wriston Quad and go to the Shirley Miller House .
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
avoid the Saint Stephens Church and go to the University Hall .
navigate to the Sharpe Refectory .
go through Lincoln Field Building to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to Lot 76 passing through the Prospect House .
go to Marcus Aurelius but do not enter the Class of 1872 Gate first .
navigate to the Minden Hall , avoiding Horace Mann House .
move to Class of 1872 Gate , but go through the Brown Bear first .
avoid Wriston Quad until going to the Saint Stephens Church .
approach the Finlandia while avoiding the Brown University .
go to the Caswell Hall through Gardner House .
go to the Walter Hall through the Lot 76
go to the War Memorial through Untitled Lamp/Bear .
avoid Shirley Miller House until after the Carrie Tower
go to the Gardner House without ever leaving the University Hall .
go to Hegeman
go to Hope College whilst avoiding the Barus Building .
go to or through University Hall avoiding going through Minden Hall
go to the Quiet Green
go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate through the Slater Hall
always go through the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity to get to the Lot 76 .
navigate through Medical Research Lab to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
avoid Citizen's Bank until going to Marcus Aurelius .
go to Wayland while always avoiding the Casey Shearer Memorial .
avoid the Wilbour Hall and go to the Mencoff Hall .
go to the Rhode Island Hall before you go to Norwood House .
avoid Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity on your way to the Saint Stephens Church .
move to the Robinson Gate but ensure to go to the Horace Mann House first .
navigate to the War Memorial but do not pass through the Casey Shearer Memorial .
navigate to Prospect House , always avoiding Horace Mann House .
go to the Prince Engineering Lab and then to Brown University .
always avoid Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity and go to Blue Room .
go to Maddock Alumni  through Slater Hall
go to Shirley Miller House before going to Brown Bear .
go to the Class of 1872 Gate .
go to or through Van Wickle Gates always avoid going to Lippit House through Lippit House
avoid Robinson Gate and go to the List Art Building .
go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear but do not go through the Barus Building first .
go from the BERT to the Manning
navigate to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
avoid the Lot 18 until going to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
always avoid Urban Environmental Lab and go through the John Hay Library .
move to anywhere on the Van Wickle Gates , then move to anywhere on the Sears .
go to the Mencoff Hall from the Lot 76
avoid the first and Hughes Court and go to Norwood House .
go to the Brown University , then go to the Shirley Miller House .
go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate first
go to the Quiet Green through the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences through the Medical Research Lab .
go to the Maxcy Hall , then go to the Sharpe Refectory
advance to Maxcy Hall but always avoid the Maddock Alumni  .
go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go through the Maxcy Green , then make your way to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to or through the Hughes Court always avoid going to the Hughes Court through the Mencoff Hall
avoid Lot 18 while traveling to Simmons Quadrangle .
go to Marcus Aurelius , but do not go to Lippit House .
always avoid Medical Research Lab and navigate to the Brown University .
go through the Sears to get to Hope College
avoid List Art Building and go to Shirley Miller House .
head to the Rhode Island Hall , but make sure to go through the Kassar House first .
go to the Lincoln Field Building before you go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to Casey Shearer Memorial by avoiding the Horace Mann House and then stay there or continue to the Horace Mann House .
go through the Lot 18 to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
stay on the Prince Engineering Lab to get to John Hay Library .
go to War Memorial , then up to Lot 76 .
move to the Sayles Hall and then move to Friedman Hall .
go to the 86 Waterman  and then head to Finlandia .
stay on the Van Wickle Gates and navigate to Caswell Hall .
avoid the Maxcy Hall until you go to Circle Dance Sculpture
navigate through Manning then go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
visit the Medical Research Lab and then proceed to the Sharpe Refectory .
go to Caswell Hall while always avoiding the Hegeman .
go to Marston Hall before going to Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to the Wayland avoiding Norwood House .
go through the Maxcy Green to the Prospect House .
avoid Maddock Alumni  until navigating to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
avoid Faunce House while traveling to Wayland .
go to Metcalf Research Building before going to the Quiet Green
visit Barus Building but do n't leave the Norwood House .
go to the Horace Mann House while always avoiding Lincoln Field Building
avoid Quiet Green until after you go to Swearer Center for Public Service .
avoid Shirley Miller House until you navigate to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
move to the Lot 18 .
avoid the Barus Building and go to BERT if you reached the BERT , you can now go to the Barus Building or stay on BERT .
go through Walter Hall to the Lincoln Field Building .
go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity but do not enter the Rockefeller Library first .
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching
avoid Walter Hall and go to The Ivy Room .
move to the Maxcy Hall and then move to Walter Hall .
go through the Rhode Island Hall before going to Marcus Aurelius
avoid the Carrie Tower until going to the Slavery Memorial .
go to or through the Lot 18 while avoiding going through the Prospect House
go to the Horace Mann House while avoiding Prince Engineering Lab .
navigate to the Prince Engineering Lab .
go to the Starbucks whilst avoiding the Littlefield Hall .
go to the Brown University Sciences Library .
go to P-131317 after navigating to the Van Wickle Gates .
avoid the Saint Stephens Church until you enter the John Hay Library .
always avoid going to Lincoln Field Building through the Brown Bear
from the Marston Hall , go to Saint Stephens Church directly .
go to Shirley Miller House whilst avoiding the Gardner House .
go to Metcalf Research Building but always stay away from Friedman Hall .
avoid Rhode Island Hall on your way to the The Ivy Room .
avoid the Lyman Hall until going to Van Wickle Gates .
go to the The Ivy Room before you go to William Goddard Memorial Gate .
always go through the List Art Building before going to Van Wickle Gates .
visit The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ but do n't leave the Robinson Gate .
avoid the Minden Hall and go to Marcus Aurelius if you reached the Marcus Aurelius , you can now go to the Minden Hall or stay on Marcus Aurelius .
go through the Campus Market before going to the Littlefield Hall .
go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ then Prospect House .
avoid Casey Shearer Memorial until going to the Manning .
always avoid going through the Rhode Island Hall to the Class of 1887 Gate
navigate to the Sharpe Refectory through the Kassar House .
navigate directly to the Class of 1872 Gate .
avoid Lot 76 and go to the Finlandia .
go to Circle Dance Sculpture and then to Lot 17
move to the Class of 1887 Gate then continue to the Hegeman .
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color through the Maxcy Green
go to Lyman Hall
go through the Hegeman then to the Shirley Miller House .
go to the Prospect House without going to the University Hall .
go to the Horace Mann House by first going to the Brown Bear .
avoid the Manning until going to the Starbucks .
avoid the P-131317 until you go to the Urban Environmental Lab .
navigate to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology before going to the Class of 1872 Gate .
go to or through the War Memorial always avoid going through the Van Wickle Gates
go through the Brown Bear to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to the Hope College , then head to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
avoid the Kassar House and travel to the Brown University .
go to the Hegeman through the Class of 1872 Gate
go to Wayland then Saint Stephens Church .
go to Marcus Aurelius before going to the Barus Building
avoid the Sayles Hall and go to the Robinson Hall .
go through Hegeman to Finlandia .
go to the Prince Engineering Lab . if you reached the Prince Engineering Lab then you may go to the Blue Room .
always go through the Idee di pietra and then to Rockefeller Library .
go to Quiet Green and then go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to Soldiers Memorial Gate first , without passing through the Manning
go to the Citizen's Bank , then go to the Urban Environmental Lab .
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate
avoid the The Ivy Room and the Brown Bear and go to The Ivy Room .
always avoid Van Wickle Gates and go to 86 Waterman  .
go to 1 Arnold Laboratory after Sayles Hall
navigate to the Circle Dance Sculpture while avoiding the Wriston Quad .
move towards Friedman Hall and then to Class of 1887 Gate .
stay away from the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate and go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
avoid Faunce House until you navigate to Littlefield Hall .
go to or through the Swearer Center for Public Service always avoid going to the Swearer Center for Public Service through the Caswell Hall
avoid Morgan Witter Rogers Gate and go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
move to the Barus Building without entering the 67 George .
avoid Kassar House until going to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to the Arnold Laboratory , and then go to the Lot 76 .
go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate without going to Brown Bear
go to the List Art Building before going to Brown Bear
always pass through the Lot 17 to get to Idee di pietra .
go to Marston Hall through the Finlandia
go to the Lippit House .
avoid Sears until you go to the Maddock Alumni  .
navigate through P-131317 to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to the Quiet Green through Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology
always avoid College Green and navigate to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority via the Faunce House .
always avoid the Salomon Center for Teaching and go to the Lyman Hall .
always go from the Sharpe Refectory to the Campus Market .
go to Brown Bear .
go to the P-131317 through Rockefeller Library .
move to the Soldiers Memorial Gate but go through Brown University first .
go to Hughes Court before going to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go from the John Nicholas Brown Gate to Lot 17
go to Faunce House .
move toward the Robinson Hall .
go to Soldiers Memorial Gate avoiding the Brown Center for Students of Color . then go to the Brown Center for Students of Color or stay on Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go through the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity to Starbucks .
go to the Prospect House and if you have reached the Prospect House you may proceed to the Faunce House or stay in the Prospect House .
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority then go Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to the Starbucks while staying on the BERT .
go to War Memorial through the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity
go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate through Maxcy Green
go to the Robinson Gate then go to Circle Dance Sculpture
go to Soldiers Memorial Gate .
always avoid the Salomon Center for Teaching while navigating to Hughes Court .
avoid the Metcalf Research Building and go to Prospect House .
go to Barus Building only through the Faunce House
go to Van Wickle Gates passing through the Rhode Island Hall .
navigate to Quiet Green through the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
visit the Swearer Center for Public Service and then proceed to the Gardner House .
stay on the Horace Mann House and move to 67 George .
avoid the John Hay Library until going to the P-131317 .
navigate to Brown Bear through the Wilbour Hall .
go to the Marcus Aurelius then go to the Prospect House .
go to the John Hay Library before going to Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to Brown Bear and proceed to 86 Waterman  .
go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology , then go to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to the Maxcy Hall avoiding Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
head to Wriston Quad after going to the Lyman Hall .
always avoid Van Wickle Gates and navigate to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to The Ivy Room but do not first pass through Casey Shearer Memorial .
go through Van Wickle Gates to Faunce House .
avoid the Marston Hall until after you 've gone to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to the Wilbour Hall before you go to the Brown University Sciences Library .
go from the John Nicholas Brown Gate to the Faunce House
proceed to the Swearer Center for Public Service but do n't leave the Medical Research Lab .
avoid the Sharpe Refectory until you reach Brown University Sciences Library .
go to Sayles Hall , before going to William Goddard Memorial Gate .
move towards Wriston Quad and then to Faunce House .
stay on the List Art Building while going to the The Ivy Room .
avoid Wilbour Hall until you go to the Arnold Laboratory .
proceed to the Class of 1887 Gate by going through the Starbucks .
head to the BERT , but make sure to go through the Class of 1887 Gate first .
always avoid Idee di pietra , and navigate to Robinson Gate .
avoid Robinson Hall until going to the Urban Environmental Lab .
go to Manning while avoiding the first and The Ivy Room .
navigate to the Finlandia always avoiding the Blue Room .
go to the The Ivy Room always avoiding the Brown Center for Students of Color .
avoid the Sharpe Refectory until after navigating to the Wriston Quad .
go to the Arnold Laboratory , then go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
navigate to Prince Engineering Lab .
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology through the John Hay Library
avoid GeoChem and Macmillian Hall while going to the Marcus Aurelius .
avoid Kassar House until going to Slavery Memorial .
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color via the Maxcy Green .
visit Wriston Quad but do n't leave the Robinson Hall .
go to the Barus Building but do not enter the Circle Dance Sculpture first .
avoid Blue Room and go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
avoid Morgan Witter Rogers Gate until you go to Barus Building .
go to the Horace Mann House .
go to the Sharpe Refectory and then to the Arnold Laboratory .
go to the Wriston Quad from the Van Wickle Gates
always avoid Carrie Tower and navigate to the Hegeman .
avoid the Swearer Center for Public Service until you navigate to the Faunce House .
go to the Urban Environmental Lab while always avoiding the Shirley Miller House
avoid the Casey Shearer Memorial and go to the Littlefield Hall .
go to the Citizen's Bank after going to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
move to the Carrie Tower and then head to Lot 17 .
go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to the Norwood House through the Urban Environmental Lab .
go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate always avoiding the Robinson Hall .
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology by first visiting Campus Market .
avoid the List Art Building before you navigate to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Lincoln Field Building or the Hegeman only .
start on the Urban Environmental Lab and move directly to War Memorial .
start on the List Art Building , go directly to the Kassar House .
go to the Brown University Sciences Library by going through The Ivy Room .
head to the Maddock Alumni  .
go to the List Art Building through Carrie Tower
go to Rockefeller Library before going in the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall
navigate to the University Hall avoiding GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
move toward the John Hay Library .
go to the Van Wickle Gates .
move to the Finlandia avoiding Campus Market if you got to the Finlandia then you can continue to Campus Market .
go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate while avoiding Robinson Gate
avoid Swearer Center for Public Service until going to the Prince Engineering Lab .
move to the Marston Hall and then the Sayles Hall .
go to Campus Market by first visiting the War Memorial .
get to Slavery Memorial , while avoiding Wilbour Hall
go to the Van Wickle Gates only through the Robinson Hall
go to Maxcy Hall first , without passing through the College Green
move to the Lyman Hall avoiding Van Wickle Gates if you got to the Lyman Hall then you can continue to Van Wickle Gates .
navigate to the Brown Center for Students of Color , and then navigate to the Mencoff Hall .
go to Kassar House before going in the Lot 76 .
avoid the Shirley Miller House until reaching the Arnold Laboratory .
always avoid Metcalf Research Building and navigate to the Wilbour Hall .
go to the Shirley Miller House while avoiding Walter Hall
go to the Robinson Hall .
move to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ but go through Marcus Aurelius first .
go to the John Carter Brown Library only through the Class of 1887 Gate
go to Finlandia through the Blue Room .
go to Marcus Aurelius whilst avoiding the Brown University .
go to Sayles Hall then go to Sayles Hall .
go to the Lot 18 , then go to the Carrie Tower .
go to List Art Building while staying on the Wriston Quad .
go to the College Green through the John Hay Library
go to the Blue Room but do not go to War Memorial .
navigate to the John Nicholas Brown Gate , and then navigate to the 86 Waterman  .
avoid the Marcus Aurelius and go to the Finlandia .
go through the War Memorial to Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to the Lot 76 via the Caswell Hall .
always avoid the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology and go to Hope College .
go to Metcalf Research Building .
go to the Citizen's Bank while avoiding the Finlandia and if you have reached the Citizen's Bank then you can go to the Finlandia .
avoid the Wayland and go to the Starbucks .
always avoid the 67 George and go to Medical Research Lab .
avoid the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate and go to the Brown University .
go through the P-131317 to Horace Mann House .
avoid Class of 1872 Gate until going to John Carter Brown Library .
go to Medical Research Lab , before going to Finlandia .
go through the Manning to Lyman Hall .
avoid Faunce House until you go to the Gardner House .
navigate to Brown Bear .
avoid List Art Building until going to Brown Center for Students of Color .
stay on the University Hall while going to the Sears .
avoid the Lot 18 and go to the Maddock Alumni  .
go through BERT to the Class of 1872 Gate .
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ and then head to Carrie Tower .
go to University Hall but do not enter the War Memorial first .
go from the Rockefeller Library to Salomon Center for Teaching .
go through the Robinson Hall to Lot 18 .
go to the Shirley Miller House via Rhode Island Hall .
go to or through the Slavery Memorial always avoid going through the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop
avoid the 67 George and go to the BERT .
avoid Starbucks until going to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
always go to Sayles Hall before navigating to the Manning .
go to the Robinson Hall through Shirley Miller House .
avoid the Van Wickle Gates until going to the P-131317 .
go to Lincoln Field Building through The Ivy Room
remain on the Wilbour Hall and go directly to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
proceed to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology but do n't leave the Lincoln Field Building .
go to Prince Engineering Lab through Lot 17 .
always avoid the Simmons Quadrangle and navigate to the John Hay Library .
avoid the Idee di pietra on your way to Quiet Green .
go to Marston Hall through the Sharpe Refectory .
go to Norwood House before going to the Brown Bear
go to the Wayland while always avoiding the Caswell Hall .
go to List Art Building while avoiding Lippit House
go to the Prospect House while staying on the Citizen's Bank .
go to Hegeman .
avoid the Van Wickle Gates until you reach Gardner House .
avoid Manning until you go to the Friedman Hall .
always avoid Caswell Hall and go to Simmons Quadrangle .
stay on the Wilbour Hall and go to the Caswell Hall .
go through the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate to Simmons Quadrangle .
go to or through the Untitled Lamp/Bear always avoid going to the Untitled Lamp/Bear through the Maxcy Green
go to Van Wickle Gates then go to the Walter Hall .
go to the Lot 17 through Finlandia .
go to Carrie Tower without going to Quiet Green
go to or through the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate . always avoid going to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate through John Carter Brown Library
do not go to Lot 17 until going to Littlefield Hall
always avoid Saint Stephens Church and go to the Norwood House .
avoid the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate until going to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
navigate to the Faunce House through the Citizen's Bank .
stay on the Class of 1872 Gate to get to Lippit House .
go to Circle Dance Sculpture through Shirley Miller House
go through the Carrie Tower to Shirley Miller House .
stay on the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate and go to Robinson Gate .
go to the Caswell Hall through the 67 George .
avoid the Kassar House until going to the Slater Hall .
go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences and avoid the Sayles Hall .
go through the Starbucks and navigate to the Lot 18 .
go through the Class of 1872 Gate before navigating to Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to the Gardner House .
go to the Barus Building through Hope College .
avoid the Friedman Hall until you go to the Hegeman .
go to the Van Wickle Gates
go to the Hegeman without going to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go up to the Walter Hall without going to Robinson Hall .
always pass Maxcy Green to get to level 1 .
while avoiding the John Carter Brown Library , navigate to 67 George .
avoid the Class of 1887 Gate until going to the Brown University Sciences Library .
go to anywhere on the College Green .
go to the Lyman Hall or the Caswell Hall only .
avoid Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology and go to Carrie Tower .
go through the Maxcy Hall before navigating to Idee di pietra .
go to the College Green before going to the Lot 17 .
move to Norwood House from the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to Robinson Hall whilst avoiding the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to Starbucks and avoid 2nd and Finlandia
travel to College Green .
got to Shirley Miller House through the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to the Brown Bear while avoiding the Caswell Hall .
go to College Green , but do not go to Rockefeller Library .
go to the Brown Bear through the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate
go to the Medical Research Lab through the Swearer Center for Public Service
go to Brown Bear without entering the Van Wickle Gates .
always avoid going to William Goddard Memorial Gate through the Slater Hall
go to the Walter Hall through the Lot 17
move to the Rockefeller Library without leaving the Lot 76 .
visit the J.W. Wilson then go to the Class of 1887 Gate .
go to Rockefeller Library via the Lyman Hall .
go from the The Ivy Room to Class of 1887 Gate .
go through the Untitled Lamp/Bear , then make your way to Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to the Robinson Gate always avoiding the Wayland .
always avoid going to Hughes Court through the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences
avoid Maxcy Hall while going to the Gardner House .
go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology then the Littlefield Hall .
go to Circle Dance Sculpture
go to the War Memorial but do not enter the Salomon Center for Teaching first .
go to the Metcalf Research Building through the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity
always avoid Prince Engineering Lab and go to the Class of 1872 Gate .
avoid the Sharpe Refectory until going to the Medical Research Lab .
go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall , then up to Caswell Hall .
avoid Metcalf Research Building until going to the Caswell Hall .
go to the Hope College while avoiding the Campus Market and if you have reached the Hope College then you can go to the Campus Market .
navigate to the Slavery Memorial always avoiding the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
proceed to the Brown University .
go through Lot 18 to the Prince Engineering Lab .
navigate to the Brown Bear then continue to J.W. Wilson .
first navigate to the Maxcy Green , then make your way to the Minden Hall .
avoid Barus Building and go to the Sharpe Refectory .
go to the Littlefield Hall .
avoid Class of 1887 Gate until you have passed through Maxcy Hall
go through Slavery Memorial to Class of 1872 Gate .
go to the Saint Stephens Church through Prospect House
avoid the Campus Market until passing 67 George .
go to Prince Engineering Lab through the Simmons Quadrangle
head to the Hegeman avoiding Brown Bear .
always go to Wayland before navigating to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to Circle Dance Sculpture then go to Robinson Hall .
go to Finlandia by first visiting the Lippit House .
avoid the Hope College and go to Idee di pietra
go directly to Gardner House .
avoid Finlandia until after you go to Wriston Quad .
go to the Rhode Island Hall then go John Hay Library .
go to the Prospect House .
move towards Swearer Center for Public Service and then to Lippit House .
go to Gardner House , avoid the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ until you have been to the Gardner House
move to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
avoid the Sears and go to the P-131317 .
avoid the J.W. Wilson and travel to the Slavery Memorial .
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate then go to the Lot 76
avoid Arnold Laboratory and go to the John Hay Library .
go to the Maxcy Green without ever leaving the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go through John Hay Library to the Brown University Sciences Library .
go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology and then to the Faunce House .
go to John Nicholas Brown Gate and avoid the Blue Room .
avoid the Caswell Hall and go to the John Hay Library .
avoid Rhode Island Hall until navigating to the J.W. Wilson .
avoid the Quiet Green
head to the List Art Building , but make sure to go through the Brown Bear first .
avoid Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology and go to Carrie Tower .
proceed to the John Hay Library by going through the Van Wickle Gates .
go to or through the Manning always avoid going to the Manning through Slavery Memorial
go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear
go through Shirley Miller House before going to the 67 George .
go to John Nicholas Brown Gate first , without passing through the Starbucks
go to the Robinson Hall but do not enter the Caswell Hall first .
avoid the Marston Hall on your way to the Friedman Hall . once you get to the Friedman Hall you can to the Marston Hall .
go to Class of 1872 Gate before going in the Brown Bear .
go to the Carrie Tower before you go to Sayles Hall .
go from Sears to 86 Waterman  .
go to the Starbucks through the Class of 1887 Gate .
move to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences without leaving the Salomon Center for Teaching .
go through Quiet Green before going to the Simmons Quadrangle .
avoid Wilbour Hall until you go to BERT .
avoid The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ until navigating to Idee di pietra .
move to Horace Mann House without leaving the Sayles Hall .
navigate from the List Art Building to the 86 Waterman  .
go to the John Hay Library and avoid Van Wickle Gates .
go to Medical Research Lab via the Starbucks .
go to the Wilbour Hall , then go to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to 1 Medical Research Lab after Van Wickle Gates
go to Carrie Tower always avoiding the Lincoln Field Building .
go to J.W. Wilson but always stay away from Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to 67 George while avoiding the first and Friedman Hall .
go to Robinson Gate .
avoid Mencoff Hall and go to the Wayland .
navigate to the Marcus Aurelius , avoiding Lot 76 .
go to Van Wickle Gates . then go directly to Slater Hall
first go to Lippit House , then go to the Wriston Quad .
travel to War Memorial .
go to Hughes Court , then go to Shirley Miller House .
go to Citizen's Bank but remain on the P-131317 .
avoid the College Green on your way to the Lyman Hall . once you get to the Lyman Hall you can to the College Green .
avoid the Marcus Aurelius until going to the Lot 18 .
go to War Memorial through the Rockefeller Library .
move toward the Class of 1872 Gate .
go to Sears through the Robinson Hall
travel to Lot 18 .
go to Maddock Alumni  and then to Brown University
travel through the Simmons Quadrangle then go to the Marcus Aurelius .
always avoid the Saint Stephens Church , go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear and then go directly to the Littlefield Hall .
proceed to the Arnold Laboratory but do n't leave the John Hay Library .
always avoid Untitled Lamp/Bear while going to 67 George .
go through Class of 1872 Gate to Lippit House .
go to the Marcus Aurelius
stay on the Metcalf Research Building and go to Prospect House .
navigate to the Brown Bear .
go through the Rockefeller Library to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
avoid the Lot 17 while going to the Mencoff Hall .
go through the The Ivy Room to Citizen's Bank .
always avoid the Carrie Tower to navigate to P-131317 .
avoid Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity until navigating to the Rhode Island Hall .
avoid Alpha Chi Omega Sorority and go to the War Memorial .
avoid the Mencoff Hall and go to the Medical Research Lab .
go to the Van Wickle Gates , then go to the Norwood House
go to Brown University then Class of 1887 Gate .
go to the Urban Environmental Lab whilst avoiding the Class of 1887 Gate .
avoid Class of 1872 Gate and go to the Robinson Gate .
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority through the Brown University .
go to the Sharpe Refectory through Maxcy Green .
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
navigate to the J.W. Wilson then continue to Rhode Island Hall .
go to Soldiers Memorial Gate through the Lippit House .
go to the Lot 76 .
go to the List Art Building avoiding the Gardner House . go through the List Art Building to get to the Gardner House .
travel to Lincoln Field Building .
go to Brown University and proceed to Norwood House .
go to Swearer Center for Public Service before going to Brown Bear .
go to the Gardner House and then to the Rockefeller Library .
go to the Citizen's Bank through the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go through Friedman Hall to the Kassar House .
avoid the first and Littlefield Hall and go to Carrie Tower .
avoid Marcus Aurelius until going to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to the College Green by touching the Walter Hall .
avoid Starbucks until you go to Prince Engineering Lab .
go to Wayland and then go to the Urban Environmental Lab .
avoid Finlandia and go to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Robinson Hall .
avoid the Rhode Island Hall until after going to the Kassar House .
always avoid Arnold Laboratory and go to the Norwood House .
go from Walter Hall to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate before going to John Carter Brown Library .
go to Untitled Lamp/Bear , but never through it
go to the Simmons Quadrangle avoiding the Van Wickle Gates . if you get to Simmons Quadrangle you can then proceed to the Van Wickle Gates
go to The Ivy Room through the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall avoiding the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ . if you get to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall you can then proceed to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ
always avoid Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences and go to the Rhode Island Hall .
avoid the War Memorial until you go to the Marston Hall .
go to the John Hay Library through the Lyman Hall
avoid the Sharpe Refectory until going through John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to Circle Dance Sculpture , then up to Quiet Green .
go to the Robinson Hall but avoid Horace Mann House .
go to the Class of 1887 Gate through the P-131317
go to the Metcalf Research Building before going to Barus Building .
go directly to Kassar House
go to the 86 Waterman  without going through the Hegeman . if you reached the 86 Waterman  then you can go to the Hegeman , or be done .
go to the Shirley Miller House through John Nicholas Brown Gate
go to the Carrie Tower .
navigate to the The Ivy Room .
move to the Manning .
go to Slater Hall by going through Watson Center for Information Technology
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology while always avoiding the Kassar House .
avoid Kassar House until you go to Prospect House .
go to the Idee di pietra without going to the Marston Hall .
go to Rhode Island Hall before navigating to the College Green .
go to Littlefield Hall through the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to Van Wickle Gates through Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
avoid the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop and go to Brown Center for Students of Color
go to the Horace Mann House .
move to the Marston Hall but ensure to go to the Sears first .
move to Lyman Hall , but go through the Wayland first .
avoid the The Ivy Room until you go to the Hegeman .
always avoid the Sears and go to Medical Research Lab .
always avoid Morgan Witter Rogers Gate and go to Brown Bear
go to Wayland before going to Maxcy Hall .
go to the 86 Waterman  , then proceed to Arnold Laboratory .
go to the Van Wickle Gates while always avoiding the John Carter Brown Library
go from Urban Environmental Lab to John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to Arnold Laboratory first , without passing through the Walter Hall
go to the Casey Shearer Memorial through the Horace Mann House .
navigate to Sharpe Refectory then continue to the Maxcy Hall .
go to the Lyman Hall through the Wilbour Hall
avoid the Campus Market and reach Lyman Hall
go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology
go to the Brown Bear .
navigate to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority while avoiding the Medical Research Lab .
go to the Carrie Tower while staying on the Wayland .
go to Class of 1887 Gate through the Prospect House
avoid the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ until you go to the Wriston Quad .
go to Walter Hall .
navigate to the Brown Bear .
go to Rhode Island Hall before going to Citizen's Bank
avoid Carrie Tower and go to Barus Building .
go from the Brown Bear to John Carter Brown Library
go to Saint Stephens Church then go to the Brown University Sciences Library .
avoid the Slater Hall on your way to the Sayles Hall . once you get to the Sayles Hall you can to the Slater Hall .
avoid the Casey Shearer Memorial until reaching 86 Waterman  .
avoid the Wilbour Hall and go to Maddock Alumni  .
got to Metcalf Research Building through the Lippit House .
go to the Mencoff Hall and then to Hughes Court .
navigate to the Lot 17 but do not pass through the Prince Engineering Lab .
move to the Lot 18 by going through the John Carter Brown Library
first go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ and then go to Maxcy Green .
go to Hope College after navigating to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to the Marcus Aurelius through the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity
go through the Hegeman to the The Ivy Room .
go to the Starbucks avoiding the Lincoln Field Building .
move to Rockefeller Library after moving to the Littlefield Hall .
go to Metcalf Research Building before going to Brown Bear
avoid Lot 76 until going to the Medical Research Lab .
avoid Idee di pietra and go to the Faunce House .
avoid Lot 76 and go to the John Hay Library .
navigate to the William Goddard Memorial Gate then continue to Citizen's Bank .
stay on the Casey Shearer Memorial and go to Rockefeller Library .
move to the Lincoln Field Building and then head to Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to the 86 Waterman 
pass through Untitled Lamp/Bear on your way to the Lot 18 .
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color while avoiding the Sayles Hall
move to the John Hay Library , travelling through the Lippit House .
avoid Idee di pietra while going to the Lot 18 .
navigate to the Wilbour Hall .
go to the Rockefeller Library .
go through the Wayland before going to the Lincoln Field Building .
go through the Robinson Hall to John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to Manning before going in the Soldiers Memorial Gate
avoid Simmons Quadrangle and go to the Maxcy Green .
avoid the Slavery Memorial and go to Maddock Alumni  .
go to Minden Hall through Wayland .
go to the Maxcy Green always avoiding the John Carter Brown Library .
go to Quiet Green before going in the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences
navigate to the Medical Research Lab .
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall and then go to Brown Bear .
always avoid going to Idee di pietra through the Rockefeller Library
go to the Starbucks by first going through the Littlefield Hall .
avoid List Art Building and go to Faunce House .
while always avoiding the Maxcy Green , go to Citizen's Bank .
robot , go to the Sharpe Refectory .
go to Circle Dance Sculpture
go to the Citizen's Bank and avoid the Lyman Hall .
go to William Goddard Memorial Gate .
always avoid the Class of 1887 Gate and go to Brown University .
go to Sharpe Refectory by first visiting the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to the Lot 76 while always avoiding the Gardner House
navigate to the Maxcy Green and avoid Brown University .
go to the Prince Engineering Lab through Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to Brown University
avoid Wriston Quad until going to the Campus Market .
go to the Lot 17 through the Mencoff Hall
avoid BERT until going to the Rockefeller Library .
move to the Wayland .
avoid the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ and the Casey Shearer Memorial and go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology through Robinson Hall .
go to Saint Stephens Church but avoid Horace Mann House .
go through Quiet Green to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
navigate to the Barus Building staying on the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to the Citizen's Bank through the Untitled Lamp/Bear
go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity while avoiding Salomon Center for Teaching
go to the The Ivy Room avoiding the Metcalf Research Building . if you get to The Ivy Room you can then proceed to the Metcalf Research Building
first go to the Van Wickle Gates and then go to Lot 18 .
move to John Nicholas Brown Gate without entering the Caswell Hall . then you may stay at John Nicholas Brown Gate or go to the Caswell Hall .
go to Metcalf Research Building through the Brown Center for Students of Color
go to the Brown Bear through the Littlefield Hall
go to War Memorial then go to Van Wickle Gates .
avoid John Carter Brown Library and go to Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to the Friedman Hall while avoiding the 67 George .
move to the Kassar House .
avoid Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology until you go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to the BERT through the List Art Building .
go to Lippit House .
go to the Caswell Hall and then go to the 86 Waterman  .
go to the Friedman Hall by avoiding Wayland if you reached the Friedman Hall , then you can proceed to Wayland .
advance to Mencoff Hall but always avoid the Van Wickle Gates .
avoid the Brown Bear until you go to the Finlandia .
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ while avoiding Manning and the Manning
first go to the J.W. Wilson and then go to Prince Engineering Lab .
go to the Lot 76 then go to Robinson Hall
go to the Hope College then go to Barus Building .
go through Quiet Green to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to the Brown Bear through the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
navigate to the Wriston Quad .
go to the Marston Hall .
go to the Sharpe Refectory through the Caswell Hall
navigate to Citizen's Bank .
go to Hope College
move to Blue Room without entering the Hughes Court . then you may stay at Blue Room or go to the Hughes Court .
navigate to the Metcalf Research Building via the Lot 76 .
go to the Idee di pietra but avoid the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to Walter Hall .
head to the Citizen's Bank but first go to the Horace Mann House .
head to the Slater Hall avoiding Brown University .
go to the J.W. Wilson , then go to the Barus Building .
go to Lincoln Field Building through the Littlefield Hall
move to Simmons Quadrangle , but travel to the Wriston Quad first .
avoid Lyman Hall and go to the Barus Building .
go to the Circle Dance Sculpture first
navigate to the Lot 17 , always avoiding the University Hall .
go through Wayland to the Slater Hall .
go to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Brown Bear without going to the Wriston Quad .
go to Brown University Sciences Library by first going to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to Blue Room through Brown University Sciences Library .
navigate to the Brown University Sciences Library before you go to Walter Hall .
go to the Marcus Aurelius , and then go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to the Casey Shearer Memorial , then go to the University Hall .
go to the Idee di pietra before going to Norwood House
navigate to Mencoff Hall .
go to the Robinson Gate before going to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to John Hay Library before going to the Prospect House
go to the Saint Stephens Church while avoiding Wayland .
go through the John Hay Library to John Nicholas Brown Gate .
avoid the Lyman Hall and go to the Slavery Memorial .
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate
go to the Lyman Hall .
go to or through the Rhode Island Hall , but avoid going to the Rhode Island Hall through the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity
go to or through the Sears . always avoid going to the Sears through Norwood House
move to the Blue Room and then the Hughes Court .
go to the Carrie Tower before going to Hughes Court
avoid List Art Building and go to Sharpe Refectory .
avoid the Wayland and go to the Manning .
go to Lippit House after navigating to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to the Norwood House
always avoid Van Wickle Gates and go to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
go from the Van Wickle Gates to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate
go to J.W. Wilson .
go through Saint Stephens Church to Watson Center for Information Technology .
get to Hughes Court , while avoiding P-131317
go to the Barus Building .
go to Hegeman .
go to Barus Building and then to P-131317
go to Brown Bear then go to Friedman Hall .
avoid Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences and go to the Citizen's Bank .
go to the Brown Bear through Barus Building .
always avoid Slavery Memorial and go through the Casey Shearer Memorial .
avoid Gardner House and go to Brown University .
got to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences through the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
avoid Sears while going to the Arnold Laboratory .
always avoid Campus Market and go to the Urban Environmental Lab .
stay on the Soldiers Memorial Gate and go to the Hegeman .
go to William Goddard Memorial Gate via the Caswell Hall .
go to the Robinson Hall and avoid the Saint Stephens Church .
visit the Faunce House then go to the 67 George .
avoid the Littlefield Hall until you go to the Barus Building .
go to the Van Wickle Gates without going to the Soldiers Memorial Gate . if you reached the Van Wickle Gates , now you can go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
avoid Maxcy Green and go to Lot 18 .
go to the Lot 18
avoid Slavery Memorial until going to the BERT .
head to the Lot 17 .
go to Class of 1887 Gate through the Carrie Tower .
move to the Saint Stephens Church without entering the Sears .
first move to Prospect House then navigate to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
move to the Brown University Sciences Library .
go to the Maxcy Green without going to the Saint Stephens Church . if you reached the Maxcy Green , now you can go to the Saint Stephens Church .
do not go into the Carrie Tower until going to Lot 18
stay on the Blue Room and go to Maxcy Green .
go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate through the Untitled Lamp/Bear
go through the Swearer Center for Public Service and navigate to the Lot 18 .
go to the Slavery Memorial through BERT .
avoid the first and Casey Shearer Memorial and go to Marcus Aurelius .
go from the Lincoln Field Building to Hope College
go to the Blue Room through Wriston Quad .
always avoid the Carrie Tower and travel to Lincoln Field Building .
avoid the Kassar House and go to the Faunce House .
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
stay away from the Lot 18 and go to Friedman Hall .
go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate by avoiding Swearer Center for Public Service if you reached the Soldiers Memorial Gate , then you can proceed to Swearer Center for Public Service .
avoid the Carrie Tower until you go to the Marcus Aurelius .
go through the Medical Research Lab to Simmons Quadrangle .
go to the Maxcy Hall , then go to the List Art Building .
go to the Caswell Hall through the Brown University .
avoid Brown Bear and go to Norwood House .
navigate to the Class of 1887 Gate through the Campus Market .
avoid the Sharpe Refectory until you go to the Robinson Hall .
go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to Mencoff Hall after going to List Art Building .
avoid Sears until you pass through Idee di pietra .
go to the Brown University Sciences Library through Soldiers Memorial Gate
go through the Quiet Green to the Saint Stephens Church .
always avoid 67 George and go to William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to the Prince Engineering Lab through Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology
move to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
always avoid Mencoff Hall and navigate to Hope College .
start on the Rhode Island Hall , go directly to the Lincoln Field Building .
go to Brown University through the John Hay Library .
always avoid Brown Bear and go to Blue Room .
go to William Goddard Memorial Gate through the Marston Hall .
go directly to Finlandia .
go to Kassar House through the Watson Center for Information Technology
go through Maxcy Green to the Lyman Hall .
go through the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to the Casey Shearer Memorial while avoiding Van Wickle Gates
avoid the William Goddard Memorial Gate and go to the Prince Engineering Lab .
go to 67 George and then go to the Brown University Sciences Library .
go to or through the Slavery Memorial always avoid going to the Slavery Memorial through the Friedman Hall
go to Lot 76 from the Manning only .
go through the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences to the Lincoln Field Building .
go through Horace Mann House to the Hope College .
go to the Quiet Green via Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to the Blue Room avoiding the Maxcy Green . go through the Blue Room to get to the Maxcy Green .
navigate to Hegeman .
avoid the Shirley Miller House until you go to the Carrie Tower .
go to the University Hall before going to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ
go to the Citizen's Bank while avoiding the Barus Building .
go through the Metcalf Research Building before going to the Idee di pietra .
go to the Walter Hall then the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
avoid the Norwood House until you go to Class of 1887 Gate .
avoid Van Wickle Gates and move into the Lot 18 .
navigate to the Caswell Hall .
go to P-131317 then go to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go through the Caswell Hall to Hegeman .
go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to 86 Waterman  via the Shirley Miller House .
go to the Maxcy Green but avoid Idee di pietra .
go to the Campus Market but do not go through the William Goddard Memorial Gate first .
go to or through the Walter Hall , but avoid going to the Walter Hall through the Littlefield Hall
go to Carrie Tower and always avoid the Littlefield Hall
avoid the Marcus Aurelius and go to the Slater Hall .
always avoid going through Littlefield Hall
go through the Idee di pietra and navigate to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to Lyman Hall via the Class of 1887 Gate .
avoid P-131317 and go to the Marston Hall .
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color
always avoid Manning and navigate to the Lyman Hall .
go to Casey Shearer Memorial while always avoiding the Faunce House .
go to the Lot 17
go through the Lot 18 to Maxcy Green .
stay away from the J.W. Wilson and go to Shirley Miller House .
go to the John Carter Brown Library
always avoid Manning and navigate to Salomon Center for Teaching .
avoid the Maxcy Green and go to the Slavery Memorial .
go to the Hughes Court but never go to the Finlandia .
move to the Brown Bear .
go to BERT while avoiding the Manning .
navigate to the Hegeman through the Slater Hall .
avoid John Nicholas Brown Gate and go to the Shirley Miller House .
always avoid William Goddard Memorial Gate and go to the Brown University .
go to the Slater Hall without ever leaving the Mencoff Hall .
go to the Class of 1887 Gate .
avoid the 86 Waterman  and go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go from Manning to Lincoln Field Building .
head to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity , but make sure to go through the Hope College first .
avoid the Simmons Quadrangle and go to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to John Nicholas Brown Gate through the Lot 17
go to Saint Stephens Church and then the Slavery Memorial
go to Rhode Island Hall before going to Norwood House .
go to the John Hay Library
start on the Lincoln Field Building and move directly to 67 George .
avoid the Sharpe Refectory and go to Brown Center for Students of Color .
avoid Manning until going to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to the Brown Bear avoiding J.W. Wilson .
avoid the Sears until you go to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to the Van Wickle Gates without going to the Salomon Center for Teaching
go to or through Maxcy Green avoiding going through Barus Building
go to Brown University .
go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate without going to the Slater Hall .
go to Brown University Sciences Library , but never through it
avoid the Van Wickle Gates until you go to the Brown Bear .
go to or through the Class of 1887 Gate . always avoid going to the Class of 1887 Gate through Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop
go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall through the Wriston Quad
avoid the Metcalf Research Building until you go to the Shirley Miller House .
go to Maddock Alumni  only through the College Green
always go through the J.W. Wilson to get to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
avoid the Wayland
go to the College Green through the Barus Building .
avoid the Norwood House until you go to the Carrie Tower .
move to the Hegeman .
go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate before going to Littlefield Hall .
go to the Quiet Green , then go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to Barus Building before going to the Faunce House .
always avoid Sayles Hall while going to Norwood House .
go through the Maxcy Hall to John Hay Library .
go through Gardner House to the Friedman Hall .
navigate to the Wayland .
go to Lot 17
while always avoiding the Simmons Quadrangle , go to Lyman Hall .
go to the Wilbour Hall .
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching
go to the Medical Research Lab , then head to the Lincoln Field Building .
go to the 67 George without going to the Simmons Quadrangle .
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity by first going to the Gardner House .
head to the John Hay Library and then head to the Class of 1872 Gate .
go to Horace Mann House .
always pass Brown University before Carrie Tower .
always go through the Wayland before going to Barus Building .
move to the Mencoff Hall without entering the Quiet Green .
go to the Prospect House through the War Memorial .
go to Van Wickle Gates through the Brown University Sciences Library
head to the Swearer Center for Public Service but first go to the Class of 1872 Gate .
navigate to the J.W. Wilson .
first go to the Circle Dance Sculpture and then go to Kassar House .
navigate to the John Carter Brown Library but do not pass through the List Art Building .
travel to the University Hall and then go to Lincoln Field Building .
go to Gardner House and then to Hegeman
go to John Hay Library through the College Green .
avoid Wilbour Hall until navigating to Brown University Sciences Library .
avoid the Norwood House until going to Simmons Quadrangle .
avoid Blue Room and go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
avoid John Hay Library until you pass through Lyman Hall .
go to the Van Wickle Gates
navigate to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
travel to Carrie Tower .
while avoiding the BERT , navigate to Class of 1872 Gate .
avoid Carrie Tower and go to John Carter Brown Library .
from the Circle Dance Sculpture , navigate to the Hegeman .
go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences , then proceed to Robinson Hall .
go to the Slavery Memorial avoiding the Slavery Memorial . if you reached the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop you can stay there , or head to the Slavery Memorial .
navigate to the William Goddard Memorial Gate before going to Sears .
avoid the Caswell Hall until you go to Swearer Center for Public Service
go through the List Art Building to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
start on the Brown Bear and move directly to Citizen's Bank .
go to Lincoln Field Building through the P-131317 .
go to the Class of 1887 Gate while avoiding Lot 18
go to the Idee di pietra .
go to John Hay Library after going to Blue Room .
go to Norwood House , avoid the Class of 1872 Gate until you have been to the Norwood House
always go through the Lot 17 to get to the Rockefeller Library .
go from the Manning to Untitled Lamp/Bear
avoid the Marcus Aurelius as you go to the Slavery Memorial .
go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate through the Rhode Island Hall
go to the Lot 17 after going to the Robinson Hall .
avoid the Maxcy Green until you go to the Sharpe Refectory .
move to the Urban Environmental Lab without entering the J.W. Wilson .
navigate to the The Ivy Room .
do not navigate away from the Maddock Alumni  and go to the Van Wickle Gates .
navigate to the Brown Center for Students of Color then continue to Arnold Laboratory .
go to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go directly to Class of 1887 Gate
go through John Nicholas Brown Gate before going to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
avoid The Ivy Room until going to the Maddock Alumni  .
go through Van Wickle Gates before going to the Lincoln Field Building .
stay on the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology while going to the Marston Hall .
visit the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop and then proceed to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
avoid Van Wickle Gates until after reaching Littlefield Hall .
move to the Hope College and then move to Saint Stephens Church .
go to Quiet Green and then go to the Horace Mann House .
go to Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology while avoiding the Metcalf Research Building .
visit the Starbucks and then move to the J.W. Wilson .
go to the Maxcy Hall while staying on the Sayles Hall .
go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ , avoiding the Campus Market
move to the 67 George by going through the Robinson Hall
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity and avoid the Hope College .
avoid Prospect House until you go to Kassar House .
start on the Walter Hall and move directly to Idee di pietra .
go to the Arnold Laboratory , then go to Lot 18 .
go to the University Hall
go to the Brown University and then to Arnold Laboratory .
navigate to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority and avoid 86 Waterman  .
go to the John Carter Brown Library while avoiding Brown Bear
navigate to the War Memorial .
go to Friedman Hall through Carrie Tower .
go to a spot in the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity , but do n't touch Lincoln Field Building .
navigate to the Campus Market while avoiding Brown University Sciences Library .
avoid the Horace Mann House and go to the J.W. Wilson .
go to Caswell Hall
avoid Simmons Quadrangle until you pass through Robinson Hall .
go to the Lot 18
avoid Manning until you go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to the List Art Building without ever leaving the University Hall .
go to the Lippit House through Brown University
go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ before going to Wriston Quad
go to Lippit House through the Shirley Miller House .
from the Starbucks , navigate to the 67 George .
navigate to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate then continue to the John Carter Brown Library .
avoid the Littlefield Hall until you go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to William Goddard Memorial Gate and then to Arnold Laboratory
go to Lot 17 while always avoiding the Brown Bear
go to the 86 Waterman  while avoiding Faunce House .
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color
go to the Lot 18 without going to the Marston Hall . if you reached the Lot 18 , now you can go to the Marston Hall .
avoid the Saint Stephens Church until going to Maddock Alumni  .
go to the Finlandia
avoid the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate until you go to the Brown Bear .
navigate to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
avoid the Quiet Green and go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to or through the Wilbour Hall . always avoid going to the Wilbour Hall through Swearer Center for Public Service
go to or through Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity avoiding going through Soldiers Memorial Gate
navigate to Barus Building through the College Green .
do not go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop until going to Robinson Gate
avoid the Van Wickle Gates until going to the Maddock Alumni  .
go to the Hope College through the Quiet Green .
always avoid going to Lot 76 through the Saint Stephens Church
do n't go into the University Hall until going to Hope College
go through the University Hall to the Prospect House .
go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ
go to Robinson Gate first , without passing through the Littlefield Hall
go from the Maxcy Green to the William Goddard Memorial Gate
avoid Class of 1887 Gate until going to the Kassar House .
go through Robinson Hall to College Green .
go to Citizen's Bank before going in the BERT .
go to the P-131317 before going to the Sears .
go to the Shirley Miller House while avoiding The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ
head to the Carrie Tower without going through the Circle Dance Sculpture
go to the Circle Dance Sculpture and then navigate to the Wriston Quad .
avoid Maxcy Hall and go to the Rhode Island Hall .
go to Carrie Tower .
travel to the Watson Center for Information Technology and then go to Medical Research Lab .
avoid the Saint Stephens Church until you go to Kassar House .
go from Urban Environmental Lab to Wayland .
go to the List Art Building before going to Quiet Green
always avoid Wriston Quad and go to Hope College
go to the Minden Hall while avoiding Lot 76
always avoid Hegeman and go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
stay on the 86 Waterman  while navigating to Lot 76 .
move to the War Memorial without entering the Mencoff Hall .
always avoid the Circle Dance Sculpture while navigating to War Memorial .
navigate to Metcalf Research Building .
go to the Maddock Alumni  without touching Faunce House .
avoid the Manning and go to the Blue Room .
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity and go down to the Horace Mann House .
always avoid going through Gardner House
go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear
go to Slater Hall then go to Brown University Sciences Library .
navigate to the Swearer Center for Public Service by passing through the Metcalf Research Building .
go to the Lippit House .
go to the John Hay Library through Medical Research Lab
go to the Robinson Hall and then go to Carrie Tower .
go to anywhere on the Lot 76 .
go to Walter Hall without first passing through Swearer Center for Public Service .
head to the Arnold Laboratory avoiding Hegeman .
go to the Gardner House while avoiding Hegeman
go through the Faunce House to Simmons Quadrangle .
go to Finlandia , then go to Faunce House .
always go through the Soldiers Memorial Gate before going to Wayland .
avoid the Medical Research Lab before you navigate to the Mencoff Hall .
avoid the Sharpe Refectory until you navigate to the John Carter Brown Library .
from the P-131317 go to Saint Stephens Church .
avoid The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ until you go to Arnold Laboratory .
go to the Minden Hall .
navigate directly to University Hall .
go to List Art Building then The Ivy Room .
navigate to the Barus Building , and then navigate to the Urban Environmental Lab .
avoid Untitled Lamp/Bear until you go to the BERT .
avoid the John Hay Library until going to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to Idee di pietra and then to Lyman Hall .
avoid the Brown University and the Arnold Laboratory and go to Brown University .
go to Blue Room before going in the Brown Bear .
go to Barus Building , then go to Salomon Center for Teaching .
navigate to the Prospect House then continue to Circle Dance Sculpture .
navigate to Brown Bear .
avoid William Goddard Memorial Gate until going to Blue Room .
go through the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority to John Carter Brown Library .
go to the Hegeman through the Minden Hall
avoid Prospect House until going to Shirley Miller House .
go to the P-131317 , avoiding Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
always avoid going to J.W. Wilson through the Brown University Sciences Library
avoid the Shirley Miller House and go to Prospect House
go to Salomon Center for Teaching through the Maxcy Hall .
go to or through the Lincoln Field Building . always avoid going to the Lincoln Field Building through Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity
stay on the John Hay Library while navigating to The Ivy Room .
avoid 86 Waterman  and go to Rhode Island Hall .
go to the Manning through the Finlandia .
always avoid going to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop through the J.W. Wilson
avoid the Slater Hall and go to the Walter Hall .
navigate to the Horace Mann House avoiding Lot 17 .
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to the Sears
avoid Walter Hall until you have passed through Brown University
avoid going through The Ivy Room until you go through the Urban Environmental Lab .
go to BERT
navigate to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go through the Sharpe Refectory to Saint Stephens Church .
go to the Norwood House before going to Marcus Aurelius
go to the Maddock Alumni  before you navigate to Class of 1872 Gate .
robot , go to the Hope College .
go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority but do not first go through the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
avoid Littlefield Hall until reaching the Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to Sears but avoid University Hall .
go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences through Kassar House .
avoid the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ and go to the Urban Environmental Lab . if you reached the Urban Environmental Lab then you may go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ , or just stay on the Urban Environmental Lab .
avoid the Faunce House and go to the Lot 76 .
go to The Ivy Room while staying on the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to Walter Hall
go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity and then the Hegeman
go to the Robinson Hall
go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences , then go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
navigate to the Mencoff Hall always passing through the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
head to the The Ivy Room but first go to the Finlandia .
proceed to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity by going through the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
from the Sayles Hall , navigate to the The Ivy Room .
go to Lot 18 while avoiding Marston Hall
go to the Blue Room through Slavery Memorial .
go to the Slater Hall , then go to the Simmons Quadrangle
go to Van Wickle Gates
avoid the Maddock Alumni  until going to the Faunce House .
go to anywhere on the Hughes Court .
move to the Horace Mann House and then move to Rhode Island Hall .
go to the Marston Hall by first going through the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
head to the Hope College without going through the Rockefeller Library
move to the Mencoff Hall avoiding Lippit House if you got to the Mencoff Hall then you can continue to Lippit House .
go to Simmons Quadrangle before going to the Finlandia .
robot , go to the John Carter Brown Library .
go to Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to Swearer Center for Public Service and then go to the Finlandia .
avoid Class of 1872 Gate and go to Medical Research Lab .
avoid the first and Urban Environmental Lab and go to Idee di pietra .
navigate to Brown Bear through the BERT .
first navigate to the Shirley Miller House , then make your way to the Brown University .
stay on the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate while navigating to Wriston Quad .
avoid Arnold Laboratory until going to Hope College .
move to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ without entering the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
navigate to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ but never go to the Lot 76 .
go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority first , without passing through the Soldiers Memorial Gate
avoid the Brown Bear and go to Campus Market .
go to 86 Waterman  .
go to the Simmons Quadrangle then the Starbucks .
stay on the Brown University to get to Salomon Center for Teaching .
avoid the Quiet Green and the Carrie Tower and go to Quiet Green .
navigate to the Rockefeller Library and avoid Van Wickle Gates .
start on the Wilbour Hall and move directly to William Goddard Memorial Gate .
first navigate to Hughes Court , then go to Horace Mann House .
go to the Lippit House
avoid the Minden Hall until going to Carrie Tower .
avoid Gardner House and go to Blue Room .
go to the Lot 18 through the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to Prince Engineering Lab before going to Slater Hall .
go through the 86 Waterman  before navigating to John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to the Brown University Sciences Library via List Art Building .
while avoiding the Shirley Miller House , navigate to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall by first going through Saint Stephens Church .
avoid the P-131317 until going to Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to Starbucks through the Maddock Alumni 
go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
always avoid Shirley Miller House and navigate to the University Hall .
avoid Lyman Hall and go to Urban Environmental Lab .
navigate to the William Goddard Memorial Gate but do n't ever go to Lyman Hall .
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority , then navigate to the Brown Bear .
go to the Idee di pietra and if you have reached the Idee di pietra you may proceed to the Maxcy Green or stay in the Idee di pietra .
avoid the Blue Room until going to the Littlefield Hall .
go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences by first going to the BERT .
go to or through the Untitled Lamp/Bear always avoid going through the Rhode Island Hall
go to Sayles Hall .
go to the Horace Mann House , then head to the J.W. Wilson .
go to the Shirley Miller House .
go to the Prospect House while avoiding the War Memorial
navigate to the Carrie Tower then continue to Mencoff Hall .
go to the University Hall without going to the Friedman Hall .
avoid Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology until going to the Walter Hall .
go through Campus Market before going to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to the Citizen's Bank without touching Walter Hall .
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority while staying on the Littlefield Hall .
go to J.W. Wilson then go to J.W. Wilson .
go to the Shirley Miller House before going to Rockefeller Library .
avoid the Robinson Gate until Brown University Sciences Library .
avoid going through Wriston Quad until you go through the John Hay Library .
go to the Lippit House but avoid the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
move to the College Green but go through Maddock Alumni  first .
go to Watson Center for Information Technology while staying on the University Hall .
go through the Citizen's Bank to the Sharpe Refectory .
head to the Brown Bear but first go to the Robinson Gate .
avoid the Wayland until after going to the The Ivy Room .
go to the Urban Environmental Lab .
avoid Wayland until navigating to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to the Manning without going to the Friedman Hall .
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity , then go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to the Lot 18 and avoid the Brown Bear .
move to the P-131317 and then the Casey Shearer Memorial .
do n't go into the Norwood House until going to Maxcy Hall
go to Lyman Hall and then go to the Lot 76 .
avoid Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop while traveling to Brown Bear .
go through the P-131317 to get to Norwood House
avoid Class of 1872 Gate until going to the Marston Hall .
avoid the John Hay Library and go to the Horace Mann House .
always avoid Lot 76 and go to Starbucks
go to Carrie Tower through 86 Waterman  .
navigate to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
avoid the The Ivy Room until you navigate to Horace Mann House .
go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to Lyman Hall without going into the Horace Mann House
go to the Hughes Court without going to the Carrie Tower . if you reached the Hughes Court , now you can go to the Carrie Tower .
go through The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ before going to the Lincoln Field Building .
avoid the first and Mencoff Hall and go to Circle Dance Sculpture .
always pass Simmons Quadrangle to get to level 1 .
go to Maxcy Hall before going in the Barus Building
go to the P-131317 avoiding Norwood House .
go to Maxcy Hall through the Brown Bear
go to The Ivy Room
go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall but do not first go through the Hughes Court .
move to the Wayland by going through the Saint Stephens Church
go to the Brown University and if you have reached the Brown University you may proceed to the Finlandia or stay in the Brown University .
always go from the Van Wickle Gates to the Manning .
go to Sharpe Refectory through the Brown Center for Students of Color .
avoid the Slavery Memorial until passing Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to or through the Simmons Quadrangle while avoiding going through the Mencoff Hall
go to John Hay Library through the J.W. Wilson
go to Soldiers Memorial Gate and avoid the J.W. Wilson .
move to the Rhode Island Hall .
move to the Lot 76 first then travel to Faunce House .
go from the Sayles Hall to Wayland
avoid the War Memorial until you navigate to the Robinson Gate .
go to the Lippit House .
go to Marcus Aurelius but do not first pass through Soldiers Memorial Gate .
navigate to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate before going to the Sayles Hall .
navigate to the Robinson Hall .
go to Salomon Center for Teaching through The Ivy Room
avoid going through Littlefield Hall until you go through the Starbucks .
go to Starbucks and proceed to Hope College .
go to Arnold Laboratory before going to the John Hay Library .
go to Swearer Center for Public Service through the Hughes Court
go to Kassar House by avoiding the Quiet Green and then stay there or continue to the Quiet Green .
avoid the Norwood House until reaching John Hay Library .
go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop passing through the Brown Bear .
go to Faunce House and proceed to Manning .
go to the Caswell Hall through the Brown Bear
avoid the Slater Hall until reaching the Sayles Hall .
go to Brown Bear . then go directly to Manning
navigate to Hope College .
go through the Carrie Tower to the Lincoln Field Building .
go to the Prince Engineering Lab .
navigate to Sears .
avoid Marston Hall until you go to the Littlefield Hall .
go to the Horace Mann House
go to the Robinson Gate through the Lot 76 .
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ by first going through Norwood House .
go to Wilbour Hall .
go to the Horace Mann House avoiding the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate . only if you reached the Horace Mann House then you may proceed to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
visit the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ and then proceed to the Blue Room .
head to the John Nicholas Brown Gate avoiding Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
avoid the Kassar House until you reach John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to College Green , then up to Sayles Hall .
go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate then move to the Brown Bear .
navigate to the Shirley Miller House but never go to the John Hay Library .
go to the Wriston Quad then the Walter Hall .
go to the Brown Bear without going to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to the List Art Building first
go to the John Carter Brown Library avoiding Quiet Green .
go to Minden Hall and then the List Art Building
avoid the Friedman Hall and go to the Kassar House .
always avoid going to Watson Center for Information Technology through the Van Wickle Gates
go through the List Art Building and navigate to the Gardner House .
avoid College Green until navigating to Quiet Green .
go through the Rhode Island Hall to Soldiers Memorial Gate .
avoid the first and Lot 18 and go to Marcus Aurelius .
go to the Hughes Court then go to Brown Bear
go to the Slater Hall through GeoChem and Macmillian Hall
first go to Brown Center for Students of Color , then go to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to Maxcy Hall .
navigate to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences before going to the Class of 1872 Gate .
go to Lot 17 and then to Wriston Quad
navigate to the Minden Hall , always avoiding the Saint Stephens Church .
always avoid Prince Engineering Lab and navigate to the Sayles Hall .
go to Maddock Alumni  and then the Medical Research Lab
approach the Marston Hall while avoiding the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate without going through the Robinson Hall . if you reached the William Goddard Memorial Gate then you can go to the Robinson Hall , or be done .
go to Caswell Hall before going to the Simmons Quadrangle .
go to the Minden Hall but do not go through the Van Wickle Gates first .
always avoid the Robinson Gate , go to the Lincoln Field Building .
go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ via the Rockefeller Library .
avoid the Hughes Court and go to the Class of 1872 Gate .
go from the Watson Center for Information Technology to John Hay Library
avoid Prince Engineering Lab until you go to Lippit House .
avoid Morgan Witter Rogers Gate and go to the Class of 1872 Gate .
go to the Urban Environmental Lab through Salomon Center for Teaching
go to the Quiet Green through the Brown University
avoid Saint Stephens Church until after the Maddock Alumni 
go from Minden Hall to Marston Hall .
avoid the Brown University Sciences Library until going to the College Green .
avoid Lyman Hall until going to Barus Building .
go through Wilbour Hall to Citizen's Bank .
go to Manning , but do not go to Shirley Miller House .
always avoid the Simmons Quadrangle , go to the Sharpe Refectory .
get to P-131317 , while avoiding Brown Bear
always avoid Horace Mann House and go to the Saint Stephens Church .
navigate to the Medical Research Lab via the Caswell Hall .
advance to Medical Research Lab but always avoid the Carrie Tower .
go to The Ivy Room before going to Walter Hall
always go from the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to Brown Center for Students of Color while avoiding Walter Hall
go to the Brown Bear while avoiding Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
navigate to the Mencoff Hall .
go directly to Wayland .
travel to the Rockefeller Library and then go to Maddock Alumni  .
go up to the Starbucks without going to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to Rhode Island Hall .
head to the Brown University Sciences Library but first go to the Lincoln Field Building .
avoid the Lippit House until you go to the Minden Hall .
go to the Brown University without going to Brown University .
avoid the Lincoln Field Building until going to the Hope College .
first go to to Untitled Lamp/Bear then go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to the Brown University Sciences Library before going to Wriston Quad
move towards Shirley Miller House and then to Norwood House .
go to Rockefeller Library , but do not go to William Goddard Memorial Gate .
navigate to the The Ivy Room , and then navigate to the Carrie Tower .
avoid the John Hay Library until after you 've gone to the Sayles Hall .
always avoid John Carter Brown Library and go through the Walter Hall .
navigate to the William Goddard Memorial Gate through the Walter Hall .
go to the Saint Stephens Church . if you reached the Saint Stephens Church then you may go to the John Hay Library .
go through John Hay Library to the Lincoln Field Building .
go to the Robinson Hall
go to the Wayland without going to University Hall .
go to Salomon Center for Teaching , but do not go to Carrie Tower .
go to Finlandia
avoid Wriston Quad until going to the John Hay Library .
avoid Slater Hall and go to the Hughes Court .
avoid John Carter Brown Library and go to the Saint Stephens Church .
avoid the Lippit House and go to the Maxcy Green .
go through the Finlandia to the William Goddard Memorial Gate
always avoid Hughes Court and navigate to the Shirley Miller House .
go to the Maddock Alumni  through Hughes Court .
avoid Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity and go to the Lot 17 .
avoid the Rhode Island Hall until going to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
navigate to the John Carter Brown Library then continue to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to Brown Bear but always avoid Lincoln Field Building .
go to the List Art Building avoiding Prospect House .
go to the Minden Hall through the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to the Citizen's Bank while always avoiding the Wayland .
always avoid the Rhode Island Hall and go to the BERT .
go from the Mencoff Hall to the Hegeman .
do not go into the Van Wickle Gates until going to Casey Shearer Memorial
go to Mencoff Hall then go to the Gardner House .
go to the Sayles Hall through the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity
go to Hope College before going to Sears .
go through the Prince Engineering Lab first , then go to the Brown University Sciences Library .
avoid the John Hay Library until going to the Van Wickle Gates .
always avoid the Class of 1872 Gate and go to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to Van Wickle Gates and avoid the Rhode Island Hall .
move to Van Wickle Gates but avoid Simmons Quadrangle .
go through the Untitled Lamp/Bear to J.W. Wilson .
go to the University Hall before going to the Saint Stephens Church .
always avoid Kassar House and navigate to the Wayland .
stay on the Salomon Center for Teaching while navigating to Van Wickle Gates .
avoid the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate and go to the Class of 1887 Gate .
go to the Lot 76 , then go to the Prince Engineering Lab .
go to a spot in the Class of 1887 Gate , but do n't touch Minden Hall .
go to the Friedman Hall avoiding Sears if you reached the Friedman Hall then you may go to Sears .
avoid Lyman Hall until after you go to Robinson Hall .
go from Finlandia to Slavery Memorial .
avoiding the Kassar House , go to Barus Building .
navigate to the Horace Mann House .
always avoid Circle Dance Sculpture and go to the Sears .
always go through the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences and then to Slavery Memorial .
go through the BERT to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go through Sayles Hall before going to the Citizen's Bank .
avoid Saint Stephens Church until you pass through Faunce House .
go to the Van Wickle Gates via the War Memorial .
go to the List Art Building through Faunce House
go to the The Ivy Room via Barus Building .
go to College Green and then go to the Class of 1887 Gate .
go to Wayland and avoid the Class of 1872 Gate .
navigate through Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop to the Faunce House .
always avoid Robinson Hall and go to the Littlefield Hall .
go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ before Marcus Aurelius .
always navigate to Urban Environmental Lab and then proceed to Barus Building .
always avoid Saint Stephens Church and go to the Faunce House .
go to the List Art Building
go to the Marcus Aurelius , avoiding Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to a spot in the Hughes Court , but do n't touch Circle Dance Sculpture .
stay on the Urban Environmental Lab to get to Robinson Gate .
go through the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology to the Citizen's Bank
go to the John Hay Library after going to the Wriston Quad .
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity while staying on the Van Wickle Gates .
avoid Casey Shearer Memorial until going to Watson Center for Information Technology .
always avoid the BERT and go to University Hall .
head to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity after going to the Saint Stephens Church .
go through Untitled Lamp/Bear on your way to the Maxcy Hall .
go to Metcalf Research Building through the BERT .
go to the Marcus Aurelius
always navigate to Kassar House and then proceed to Hegeman .
go to the Saint Stephens Church without going to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology
go to the War Memorial .
go to the Walter Hall through Class of 1887 Gate
navigate to Class of 1872 Gate .
avoid the Wilbour Hall on your way to Friedman Hall .
go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate by going through Simmons Quadrangle .
avoid Campus Market and go to Urban Environmental Lab .
avoid Metcalf Research Building until going to Lot 76 .
go to the Slater Hall
pass through the Wayland before going to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
navigate to the Caswell Hall .
navigate to the Marston Hall always passing through the Lot 18 .
go to the Campus Market while avoiding the John Carter Brown Library
go to the Brown Bear without going to the Slater Hall .
go to Hughes Court through Wayland
navigate to Quiet Green through the Friedman Hall .
always avoid going to Robinson Gate through the Lincoln Field Building
go to Metcalf Research Building without going to Faunce House
first go to the Marcus Aurelius and then go to Brown Bear .
move to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
avoid the Rhode Island Hall
go to 67 George , then go to Robinson Hall
go to the Class of 1872 Gate but avoid Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
avoid the Maxcy Hall and travel to the Finlandia .
stay on the The Ivy Room and move to Brown Bear .
move to John Nicholas Brown Gate , but travel to the Van Wickle Gates first .
go directly to Lincoln Field Building .
go to Kassar House before going to Robinson Gate
go to the Maddock Alumni  , then go to the Quiet Green .
go to the Wayland through the Salomon Center for Teaching
go from the Carrie Tower to Sayles Hall
avoid the Slavery Memorial until going to the Faunce House .
avoid the Shirley Miller House until navigating to the Horace Mann House .
go to Wayland .
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate through Soldiers Memorial Gate .
visit the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity and then proceed to the Walter Hall .
go to University Hall before going to Marston Hall .
go to Lot 76 through the Maxcy Green .
go to Lot 76 .
go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity through the Arnold Laboratory
avoid the Shirley Miller House until going to The Ivy Room .
do not navigate away from the Swearer Center for Public Service and go to the Caswell Hall .
go through The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ on your way to the Wayland .
go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate and then go to the Shirley Miller House .
always go through the Salomon Center for Teaching before going to Saint Stephens Church .
go from Blue Room to Swearer Center for Public Service .
move to the Maxcy Hall and then move to Gardner House .
navigate to the Brown Center for Students of Color avoiding Slater Hall .
avoid the Slavery Memorial while going to the 86 Waterman  .
navigate to the P-131317 .
go to Brown University but remain on the 67 George .
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology and then go to the Hegeman .
navigate to the Hughes Court always avoiding the List Art Building .
go to the Van Wickle Gates without going through the Rockefeller Library . if you reached the Van Wickle Gates then you can go to the Rockefeller Library , or be done .
go to the Lincoln Field Building but avoid Saint Stephens Church .
go to BERT .
navigate to the Casey Shearer Memorial , and then navigate to the Starbucks .
navigate to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go through the Mencoff Hall before going to List Art Building
pass through Urban Environmental Lab on your way to the Littlefield Hall .
go to the College Green by going through Urban Environmental Lab .
navigate to Swearer Center for Public Service .
navigate to Idee di pietra , always avoiding Mencoff Hall .
go to the BERT via Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to Sharpe Refectory before going to the Casey Shearer Memorial
avoid the Hegeman and go to Barus Building .
go to Brown University Sciences Library and then to Marcus Aurelius
avoid Finlandia and go to University Hall if you have reached University Hall then you can go to Finlandia .
go to the Lyman Hall and if you have reached the Lyman Hall you may proceed to the Lippit House or stay in the Lyman Hall .
always avoid the John Hay Library and navigate to the Quiet Green .
go through the Manning before going to List Art Building
navigate to the Finlandia .
go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate and avoid the Medical Research Lab .
avoid War Memorial until going to Slater Hall .
avoid John Hay Library until you pass through 86 Waterman  .
always avoid the Arnold Laboratory to navigate to Slavery Memorial .
remain on the Lot 76 and go directly to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity while always avoiding Prince Engineering Lab
go to the Brown Bear
navigate to the College Green always avoiding the Slavery Memorial .
always avoid the Maxcy Green to navigate to Soldiers Memorial Gate .
navigate to the Arnold Laboratory .
avoid the Faunce House until you enter the Sayles Hall .
go to the Arnold Laboratory whilst avoiding the Maxcy Green .
go from the Brown University Sciences Library to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Gardner House but avoid Finlandia .
navigate to Wilbour Hall .
avoid College Green until you go to the Lot 17 .
go to the Marston Hall through the Faunce House
avoid Casey Shearer Memorial and go to William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to Brown Center for Students of Color
navigate to the Mencoff Hall before going to Watson Center for Information Technology .
go through the Faunce House first , then go to the Littlefield Hall .
go to Manning , then go to Blue Room .
go to Maddock Alumni  .
go to Quiet Green
go to Metcalf Research Building through Urban Environmental Lab .
avoid Urban Environmental Lab and go to the 86 Waterman  .
always avoid the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority and go to the Rhode Island Hall .
go to Prince Engineering Lab through the University Hall .
avoid the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop until going to Barus Building .
avoid War Memorial and go to Marston Hall if you reached Marston Hall then you can go to War Memorial .
avoid the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology and go to the Prospect House .
avoid the Horace Mann House and the William Goddard Memorial Gate and go to Horace Mann House .
navigate to the Barus Building while avoiding Citizen's Bank .
go to Friedman Hall through the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to Hughes Court .
go to Prince Engineering Lab
go to John Carter Brown Library but do not first pass through 86 Waterman  .
avoid the Untitled Lamp/Bear until you navigate to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
navigate directly to Barus Building .
stay on the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity and go to Rhode Island Hall .
go to Lot 18 through the Urban Environmental Lab .
go to Prince Engineering Lab
avoid GeoChem and Macmillian Hall until you pass through Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
move to The Ivy Room after moving to the Marcus Aurelius .
go to Watson Center for Information Technology then go to the J.W. Wilson .
navigate to the Campus Market .
move to the Robinson Gate , travelling through the Finlandia .
avoid the Norwood House until you enter the Brown Bear .
go to Casey Shearer Memorial then go to Hughes Court .
go to University Hall
go to the Marcus Aurelius without going to Marcus Aurelius .
go to the Brown Bear through Caswell Hall
go to the Wilbour Hall through Rhode Island Hall
always go to Slater Hall before 67 George .
go to the Circle Dance Sculpture and avoid Salomon Center for Teaching .
stay on the Van Wickle Gates while going to the Barus Building .
go to the Prospect House before going to Hope College
avoiding the John Hay Library , go to Lyman Hall .
move towards The Ivy Room and then to University Hall .
do not go into the Blue Room until going to Marcus Aurelius
avoid the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall and go to the 67 George .
go to Brown University Sciences Library through the Circle Dance Sculpture
avoid Lot 76 until going to Campus Market .
go through Brown Bear and navigate to the John Hay Library .
go through Urban Environmental Lab and navigate to the J.W. Wilson .
avoid Mencoff Hall and go to Urban Environmental Lab .
move to the Starbucks without leaving the Urban Environmental Lab .
go through the Robinson Gate to the Van Wickle Gates .
go through the Medical Research Lab to the Brown Bear .
robot , go to the Prospect House .
go to or through the Idee di pietra always avoid going to the Idee di pietra through the Soldiers Memorial Gate
go to the Wayland without going to the Prospect House .
move to the The Ivy Room .
avoid Alpha Chi Omega Sorority and go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to or through Minden Hall avoiding going through GeoChem and Macmillian Hall
avoid Casey Shearer Memorial and go to the Manning .
go through Van Wickle Gates and then to the Manning .
head to the Urban Environmental Lab avoiding Casey Shearer Memorial .
go through Marcus Aurelius and then to the Finlandia .
go to Lyman Hall and avoid the Friedman Hall .
go to the Sharpe Refectory , then go to the Lincoln Field Building .
go to the Faunce House and avoid Class of 1872 Gate .
go to John Hay Library without first passing through Lyman Hall .
avoid the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology until you go to the Lincoln Field Building .
avoid Kassar House until going to the Faunce House .
go through the Brown University Sciences Library to the Finlandia .
move to the Lot 76 and then head to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to P-131317 through the Blue Room .
go to Lot 18 before going to Urban Environmental Lab
go to the University Hall .
navigate to Brown University .
go to Friedman Hall
go to Brown Bear through the Blue Room .
avoid Saint Stephens Church and go to Kassar House .
go to J.W. Wilson through the Van Wickle Gates
stay on the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate and move to Gardner House .
first move to Walter Hall then navigate to the Gardner House .
go to the Prospect House and avoid the The Ivy Room .
go directly to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
always avoid the Maxcy Green and go to the Wilbour Hall .
go to the War Memorial , then head to the Van Wickle Gates .
avoid Robinson Hall and go to the Sears .
navigate to Starbucks , always avoiding 67 George .
go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear
go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology , avoiding the William Goddard Memorial Gate
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop before going to Van Wickle Gates .
go to the College Green .
avoid Circle Dance Sculpture and go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
avoid the Shirley Miller House until reaching Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to the Brown University Sciences Library through the John Nicholas Brown Gate
go through the Horace Mann House to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
avoid Van Wickle Gates until you go to Carrie Tower .
always pass through the Lot 18 to get to Mencoff Hall .
avoid Citizen's Bank until going to Prince Engineering Lab .
go to the Class of 1887 Gate by avoiding Urban Environmental Lab and then stay in the Class of 1887 Gate or continue to Urban Environmental Lab
go to Untitled Lamp/Bear
stay on the Lippit House and navigate to John Nicholas Brown Gate .
avoid University Hall and go to the Brown University Sciences Library .
go to or through the Watson Center for Information Technology . always avoid going to the Watson Center for Information Technology through Horace Mann House
go to Slavery Memorial then go to John Hay Library .
go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear through the Horace Mann House
go to Minden Hall through Van Wickle Gates
go to the Blue Room before you go to 86 Waterman  .
go to the 86 Waterman  through Carrie Tower .
avoid the Sharpe Refectory as you go to the Class of 1872 Gate .
go to or through the Wriston Quad always avoid going through the Sears
go to Hope College before going to the Brown Bear .
avoid the Hughes Court until going to the John Hay Library .
stay on the Minden Hall and navigate to Saint Stephens Church .
go to the List Art Building after you go to the Lot 17 .
avoid the Slavery Memorial until reaching Prospect House .
go to Prospect House before navigating to the Lincoln Field Building .
go to The Ivy Room while avoiding Soldiers Memorial Gate
avoid the Littlefield Hall on the way to Metcalf Research Building .
go to the Van Wickle Gates while always avoiding the John Hay Library
go to the Lyman Hall .
go to Lippit House and avoid the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
always avoid the Lot 18 and go to the Manning .
go to John Carter Brown Library and proceed to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
avoid University Hall and go to Maddock Alumni  .
go to Maxcy Green before going to the Blue Room .
go to Van Wickle Gates .
go to List Art Building through Urban Environmental Lab .
go to John Hay Library without going into the BERT
go to or through the BERT always avoid going to the BERT through Blue Room
go to the Lot 17 then go J.W. Wilson .
go to the 86 Waterman  through Lot 17
go to Kassar House through University Hall
go to P-131317 after navigating to the The Ivy Room .
go to the Urban Environmental Lab .
avoid John Nicholas Brown Gate until going to the Faunce House .
without stepping in the Blue Room , go to Class of 1887 Gate .
go to the Quiet Green through the Brown Bear .
stay on the Swearer Center for Public Service and go to the Van Wickle Gates .
go through the Horace Mann House and navigate to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to the Urban Environmental Lab via Barus Building .
go through the Horace Mann House to the Norwood House .
go through the Finlandia to the Van Wickle Gates
avoid Quiet Green and move into the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to the John Hay Library from the Lot 18
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate while avoiding Slater Hall
go to the Minden Hall
go to the Robinson Gate before going to the University Hall .
go to Minden Hall through the Watson Center for Information Technology .
avoid the Brown Bear and travel to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to Carrie Tower
navigate to the Sayles Hall .
move to the Kassar House by going through the Class of 1872 Gate
go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences while avoiding Wayland
go to the Lippit House while avoiding the Walter Hall and if you have reached the Lippit House then you can go to the Walter Hall .
go to the Faunce House after you go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
get to Van Wickle Gates , while avoiding Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall through the Shirley Miller House
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate without going to William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to Rhode Island Hall while avoiding the first and Medical Research Lab .
go to or through GeoChem and Macmillian Hall always avoid going to Lincoln Field Building through Lincoln Field Building
navigate to the Watson Center for Information Technology while avoiding Brown University Sciences Library .
go through the Untitled Lamp/Bear , then make your way to Friedman Hall .
go to Caswell Hall
go to Maxcy Hall by going through Sharpe Refectory
go to Van Wickle Gates
go to 86 Waterman  . then go directly to John Hay Library
avoid the Prince Engineering Lab on the way to Wriston Quad .
go to the Quiet Green through the Swearer Center for Public Service .
avoid Mencoff Hall and go to Van Wickle Gates .
head to the Horace Mann House .
stay on the Norwood House and go to Faunce House .
move to the Barus Building by going through the Untitled Lamp/Bear
go to the Robinson Gate without going to the Slater Hall .
move to the Slavery Memorial and then head to John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to the Mencoff Hall and then to the John Hay Library .
go through Casey Shearer Memorial then go to Slavery Memorial .
navigate to the Friedman Hall through the Manning .
go to the J.W. Wilson and then to Class of 1887 Gate .
go to Gardner House
go through the War Memorial before going to the Idee di pietra .
navigate to the Prospect House by passing through the Maxcy Hall .
always avoid The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ and go to Quiet Green .
go to Wilbour Hall before going to Manning
avoid the Carrie Tower , navigate to the Lincoln Field Building .
go through Brown Bear to Gardner House .
go to Shirley Miller House .
go to the Wriston Quad through Manning .
go to the Lincoln Field Building and then to Blue Room .
go to the Citizen's Bank through the Rockefeller Library .
go to or through the Littlefield Hall while avoiding going through the Soldiers Memorial Gate
avoid Brown Bear until going to Sears .
avoid Urban Environmental Lab and go to the Caswell Hall .
avoid the Maddock Alumni  until you go to 67 George .
move to the Medical Research Lab by going through the Van Wickle Gates
go from the Lot 17 to the Marcus Aurelius
go to the Casey Shearer Memorial then move to the John Carter Brown Library .
go to Horace Mann House .
go to Brown Center for Students of Color .
avoid the Untitled Lamp/Bear and go to Blue Room .
avoid the Brown Center for Students of Color until going to the Slater Hall .
visit the Brown Bear then go to the Prospect House .
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate and if you have reached the William Goddard Memorial Gate you may proceed to the Maxcy Green or stay in the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
navigate to the Sears via the 67 George .
go to Soldiers Memorial Gate before going to the 67 George .
move to Hughes Court .
avoid Prospect House and go to Soldiers Memorial Gate .
avoid the Soldiers Memorial Gate and go to Circle Dance Sculpture .
avoid Salomon Center for Teaching and go to the Friedman Hall .
go through the Brown Bear to the Robinson Hall .
go to the Class of 1872 Gate through the Kassar House .
move to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall avoiding Wayland if you got to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall then you can continue to Wayland .
go to the Norwood House without touching Untitled Lamp/Bear .
navigate to the Salomon Center for Teaching and avoid Slavery Memorial .
avoid Sayles Hall and go to the Carrie Tower .
head to Finlandia after going to the Starbucks .
move toward the The Ivy Room .
avoid the Marston Hall until you navigate to the Mencoff Hall .
go through the Mencoff Hall to the Maxcy Hall .
avoid the Robinson Gate and go to Maxcy Green
go through the Quiet Green to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
avoid Wriston Quad and go to Robinson Hall .
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology while always avoiding the Quiet Green
visit the Rhode Island Hall and then move to the Hegeman .
go to the Campus Market while avoiding List Art Building
go to the Maddock Alumni  but do not enter the Sharpe Refectory first .
avoid Circle Dance Sculpture and go to Marcus Aurelius .
always pass Faunce House before GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go through the 67 George to J.W. Wilson .
avoid the Maxcy Green and the Maxcy Hall and go to Maxcy Green .
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority through the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity
avoid 67 George and go to the Blue Room .
go to The Ivy Room and then to John Hay Library
go to Barus Building and then to Slavery Memorial
go to Brown Bear before going to Maddock Alumni  .
go to Kassar House , then head to the Wilbour Hall .
go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences through the Swearer Center for Public Service .
navigate directly to the Brown Bear .
go to the Carrie Tower through Class of 1872 Gate .
go to the Maxcy Hall then go to War Memorial .
avoiding the Slavery Memorial , go to Lot 76 .
go to Starbucks and then the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology
go to the Swearer Center for Public Service while avoiding Metcalf Research Building
go to the Sayles Hall through Prince Engineering Lab
go to the Finlandia . if you reached the Finlandia then you may go to the Prince Engineering Lab .
go from the Friedman Hall to Slavery Memorial
navigate to Starbucks through the Robinson Hall .
start on the Horace Mann House , go directly to the Wayland .
go to the Arnold Laboratory without going through the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop . if you reached the Arnold Laboratory then you can go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop , or be done .
go through John Hay Library to the Shirley Miller House .
go through the Sharpe Refectory to Friedman Hall .
always avoid Citizen's Bank and go to Simmons Quadrangle .
avoid P-131317 until you go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to the 86 Waterman  before you navigate to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
stay on the Gardner House to get to Wriston Quad .
go to Idee di pietra and avoid the Maxcy Hall .
go through Blue Room then go to 86 Waterman  .
go to Brown University Sciences Library through the Lippit House .
always avoid the Maddock Alumni  while navigating to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to the Class of 1887 Gate avoiding the Maddock Alumni  . if you get to Class of 1887 Gate you can then proceed to the Maddock Alumni 
go through the Brown University Sciences Library before going to the Prince Engineering Lab .
always avoid the War Memorial and go to Prospect House .
approach the P-131317 while avoiding the Metcalf Research Building .
go to Campus Market and avoid the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to the Urban Environmental Lab without going to the Norwood House .
go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear but never go to the Shirley Miller House .
avoid List Art Building until going to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall before going to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate
go to the Caswell Hall .
go to Soldiers Memorial Gate , avoid the Wayland until you have been to the Soldiers Memorial Gate
go to Caswell Hall while always avoiding the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
avoid the Sayles Hall until you go to the Minden Hall .
visit the Salomon Center for Teaching and then move to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to the Van Wickle Gates avoiding Swearer Center for Public Service .
go through the Slavery Memorial first , then go to the Friedman Hall .
avoid the Faunce House until you enter the Casey Shearer Memorial .
avoid Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences until going to the Brown Bear .
go through the Shirley Miller House to Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to Starbucks without entering the Marston Hall .
go through the Soldiers Memorial Gate to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
avoid the Finlandia until you go to Medical Research Lab .
go to the Urban Environmental Lab without going to Urban Environmental Lab .
go to Van Wickle Gates through College Green
go to The Ivy Room , then head to the List Art Building .
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate
navigate to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority through the Hegeman .
first go to College Green , then go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to the Sears .
go to Prospect House through Barus Building
go to the The Ivy Room through Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
avoid the Hegeman until going to the Brown University Sciences Library .
avoid the P-131317 and go to the Van Wickle Gates . if you reached the Van Wickle Gates then you may go to the P-131317 , or just stay on the Van Wickle Gates .
avoid Brown University Sciences Library until you navigate to John Carter Brown Library .
head to the Quiet Green avoiding Prince Engineering Lab .
move to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
while always avoiding the Class of 1872 Gate , go to Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to the Saint Stephens Church .
avoiding the Finlandia , go to Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to the Van Wickle Gates and then to the Littlefield Hall .
go to Lippit House and then go to the J.W. Wilson .
go to the Friedman Hall through the Faunce House .
avoid the Blue Room until after going to the Slater Hall .
go to the Maddock Alumni 
avoid the Soldiers Memorial Gate and go to the Sayles Hall .
do n't go into the Brown Bear until going to Brown Center for Students of Color
always pass Quiet Green to get to level 1 .
navigate through Maxcy Green then go to Metcalf Research Building .
from the Norwood House , go to Soldiers Memorial Gate directly .
go to the Wriston Quad avoiding the Wriston Quad . if you reached the Circle Dance Sculpture you can stay there , or head to the Wriston Quad .
avoid the John Nicholas Brown Gate until Lot 18 .
navigate to the Blue Room , avoiding The Ivy Room .
avoid the Lincoln Field Building until you enter the Carrie Tower .
move to the Gardner House .
go to the Prince Engineering Lab .
go through Marston Hall to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
head to Maxcy Green after going to the Rhode Island Hall .
go to the Marston Hall
navigate to the Brown University .
stay on the Van Wickle Gates and go to Shirley Miller House .
navigate to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall , and then navigate to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
avoid the Simmons Quadrangle
go to the Blue Room avoiding the Blue Room . if you reached the Simmons Quadrangle you can stay there , or head to the Blue Room .
go to Sears but always stay away from Hegeman .
always avoid the Lot 18 , go to Hughes Court .
go through the War Memorial to the List Art Building
go to Faunce House after navigating to the Norwood House .
go to P-131317
navigate to the Littlefield Hall .
go to Maxcy Hall .
go to the Hope College avoiding University Hall .
go to the War Memorial before going to the Maxcy Green .
go to the Swearer Center for Public Service via Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to the Finlandia avoiding the Carrie Tower . only if you reached the Finlandia then you may proceed to the Carrie Tower .
head to the Brown Bear and then head to the Prince Engineering Lab .
go to the Lippit House
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop by going through Lot 18 .
always avoid Alpha Chi Omega Sorority , and navigate to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go from the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall to The Ivy Room
go to the BERT avoiding the University Hall . if you get to BERT you can then proceed to the University Hall
navigate to the Circle Dance Sculpture staying on the Robinson Hall .
go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate while always avoiding the Soldiers Memorial Gate
go to BERT through the Brown University .
avoid Hope College until you go to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
avoid the The Ivy Room and navigate to the Lippit House .
go to Maddock Alumni  avoiding the Citizen's Bank . then go to the Citizen's Bank or stay on Maddock Alumni  .
go to the Carrie Tower through the Blue Room .
avoid the Sharpe Refectory until going through Blue Room .
go to the BERT before you navigate to Horace Mann House .
avoid the Brown University and go to John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go through the Norwood House to the Lot 76 .
always avoid the Salomon Center for Teaching and go to the Starbucks .
go through the Rockefeller Library to University Hall .
go through Soldiers Memorial Gate to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
avoid the Sharpe Refectory and go to the Simmons Quadrangle .
go to Wilbour Hall avoiding the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority . then go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority or stay on Wilbour Hall .
go to War Memorial through the Hope College
go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop and then go to the Slavery Memorial .
navigate to Urban Environmental Lab , always avoiding Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
avoid the The Ivy Room until you go to the J.W. Wilson .
go to the Lyman Hall through the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
navigate to the Friedman Hall .
go to the Faunce House while avoiding the Sears .
go to Faunce House while avoiding the first and Walter Hall .
go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to Blue Room , then go to Lot 18 .
go through the Gardner House before going to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to Caswell Hall then go to Caswell Hall .
from the Caswell Hall , navigate to the Prince Engineering Lab .
go to Citizen's Bank avoiding the William Goddard Memorial Gate . then go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate or stay on Citizen's Bank .
always avoid going to Lippit House through the Mencoff Hall
always avoid the Medical Research Lab while navigating to the Minden Hall .
go to Lyman Hall and avoid the Kassar House .
remain on the Friedman Hall and go directly to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to Watson Center for Information Technology
go to Brown Bear . then go directly to John Nicholas Brown Gate
go to the Swearer Center for Public Service , then head to the Hughes Court .
avoid Walter Hall , and go to Caswell Hall .
move to the College Green first then travel to Brown University Sciences Library .
navigate to the List Art Building while avoiding Swearer Center for Public Service .
move to List Art Building without leaving the Lot 17 .
avoid the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop and go to Caswell Hall .
always avoid Manning and go to the Rhode Island Hall .
always avoid Watson Center for Information Technology and go through the Walter Hall .
go to Hughes Court after going to Simmons Quadrangle .
avoid the Robinson Gate and navigate to the Class of 1872 Gate .
go to Class of 1887 Gate and then to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
travel to Brown Bear .
go to Idee di pietra before going to Campus Market .
avoid Blue Room until going to the Arnold Laboratory .
approach the Brown University while avoiding the Slavery Memorial .
go through Morgan Witter Rogers Gate on your way to the Carrie Tower .
go to the John Hay Library by first visiting Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to Simmons Quadrangle then College Green .
go to the Carrie Tower through Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to the Swearer Center for Public Service while avoiding the Simmons Quadrangle
navigate to the Lot 18 avoiding J.W. Wilson .
go to the Lyman Hall through Horace Mann House .
go to the John Hay Library
go to the Prince Engineering Lab .
avoid John Carter Brown Library until after the Friedman Hall
got to Watson Center for Information Technology through the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
avoid the The Ivy Room and go to Quiet Green .
go to Robinson Gate through Prince Engineering Lab .
avoid the Barus Building on your way to the Kassar House . once you get to the Kassar House you can to the Barus Building .
navigate to Horace Mann House .
go through Morgan Witter Rogers Gate to the Lot 76 .
avoid Marston Hall and go to the Lyman Hall .
avoid Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences while navigating to Simmons Quadrangle .
go to the Hope College , then go to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
always avoid going to Maddock Alumni  through the John Hay Library
go to William Goddard Memorial Gate
go to the Caswell Hall while avoiding the John Hay Library
stay on the Brown University Sciences Library while navigating to Watson Center for Information Technology .
always avoid the Brown Bear , go to Wayland .
avoid Circle Dance Sculpture until you go to Untitled Lamp/Bear .
avoid the Finlandia and go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
navigate to Brown University .
avoid the College Green and go to the Campus Market .
go to the Maxcy Green but do not go through the Kassar House first .
do not navigate away from the John Hay Library and go to the P-131317 .
navigate to Lot 76 .
always avoid the P-131317 while navigating to 86 Waterman  .
always avoid Brown Center for Students of Color , and navigate to Van Wickle Gates .
head to the Manning and then head to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
navigate to the Lyman Hall then continue to Lot 17 .
go through Minden Hall to Casey Shearer Memorial .
navigate to Hughes Court through the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to the Sears before you go to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
avoid Lot 18 while traveling to John Hay Library .
go to the Sears .
go directly to John Hay Library
navigate to John Carter Brown Library through the Hughes Court .
go to the Slater Hall
avoid the Mencoff Hall and the Rockefeller Library and go to Mencoff Hall .
go to the Brown Bear and avoid Robinson Gate .
avoid Sears on your way to the Maxcy Hall .
head to the Starbucks avoiding Walter Hall .
go to or through the Soldiers Memorial Gate always avoid going through the Robinson Hall
navigate to the Arnold Laboratory before going to the Lincoln Field Building .
navigate to Kassar House .
go to Lyman Hall .
go to 1 Idee di pietra after Sears
navigate to the Wriston Quad , avoiding 67 George .
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate through Sharpe Refectory .
go to John Hay Library while avoiding the first and Kassar House .
go to the Hegeman and then head to John Hay Library .
always avoid the Gardner House , go to the Marston Hall .
always pass through the Robinson Hall to get to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go through the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ to Class of 1872 Gate .
navigate to the Finlandia .
first navigate to the Soldiers Memorial Gate , then make your way to the Sears .
go to Untitled Lamp/Bear and avoid the Saint Stephens Church .
move to Starbucks and then proceed to the Hope College .
go to the Prince Engineering Lab
avoid University Hall and go to the Horace Mann House .
go to the Lot 18 .
navigate to the Robinson Gate by passing through the Mencoff Hall .
avoid War Memorial until going to the Lot 76 .
always avoid Faunce House and go through the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to Campus Market and avoid the Brown Center for Students of Color .
always avoid Saint Stephens Church and go to Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to the Idee di pietra while avoiding Maxcy Hall
avoid the Brown Bear and navigate to the BERT .
avoid Finlandia and go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
avoid Circle Dance Sculpture until after you go to Brown Bear .
first move to Hughes Court then navigate to the Campus Market .
navigate to the J.W. Wilson .
navigate through War Memorial to the Caswell Hall .
avoid Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences until you go to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
navigate through Campus Market then go to Sharpe Refectory .
go to the Barus Building and then go directly to the Gardner House .
go to The Ivy Room before going to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop
always avoid going to John Carter Brown Library through the Lyman Hall
avoid the List Art Building and go to the Lot 76 .
always avoid the Idee di pietra and go to the Hegeman .
go to the University Hall while avoiding the Finlandia
advance to Slavery Memorial but always avoid the Caswell Hall .
go from Soldiers Memorial Gate to Lot 76 .
go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ but always stay away from John Hay Library .
navigate to Mencoff Hall .
avoid Slavery Memorial until you pass through John Carter Brown Library .
go to the Class of 1887 Gate and avoid Urban Environmental Lab .
stay on the Casey Shearer Memorial to get to Quiet Green .
from the Sayles Hall , navigate to the Lot 17 .
proceed to Wilbour Hall but avoid William Goddard Memorial Gate on the way . if you have reached Wilbour Hall then you can proceed to William Goddard Memorial Gate .
avoid the Lot 17 and go to the P-131317 .
always avoid going to BERT through the P-131317
always avoid going to Hughes Court through the Slavery Memorial
stay on the Rhode Island Hall and navigate to 67 George .
avoid 67 George until you navigate to Friedman Hall .
go through Barus Building to Simmons Quadrangle .
go to the Class of 1887 Gate .
go to the Marston Hall while always avoiding the Brown University
proceed to Circle Dance Sculpture without going through the Class of 1872 Gate .
go to the Prince Engineering Lab but avoid the Rhode Island Hall .
proceed to the Carrie Tower by going through the Lot 18 .
go to the Rockefeller Library .
go to Hope College without going into the John Nicholas Brown Gate
navigate to the Marcus Aurelius then continue to Metcalf Research Building .
remain on the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority and navigate to the Wriston Quad .
go to Faunce House first , without passing through the John Nicholas Brown Gate
go through the William Goddard Memorial Gate to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
from the Class of 1872 Gate , navigate to Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to anywhere on the Lyman Hall .
avoid the William Goddard Memorial Gate on your way to Mencoff Hall .
avoid the first and Simmons Quadrangle and go to Horace Mann House .
navigate to the Horace Mann House always avoiding the Friedman Hall .
move to the Maxcy Hall .
go to the Manning but do not go through the Shirley Miller House first .
go to the Brown University Sciences Library .
move to Robinson Gate , but travel to the Salomon Center for Teaching first .
navigate to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate through the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to Lot 18 through the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ
avoid Caswell Hall until going to the P-131317 .
go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology avoiding Lyman Hall .
always avoid going through the Van Wickle Gates to the Swearer Center for Public Service
go to Maddock Alumni  and always avoid the Wayland
from the Maxcy Green go to Maxcy Hall .
go to Quiet Green through the Mencoff Hall
go to the Arnold Laboratory via the Littlefield Hall .
go to the Shirley Miller House , then navigate to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
navigate to the Slavery Memorial .
go to the Prospect House through the Metcalf Research Building .
travel to Walter Hall .
go to P-131317 before going to the Horace Mann House .
go to the Hegeman but never go to the John Hay Library .
navigate to the J.W. Wilson before going to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to the Medical Research Lab .
avoid the Faunce House until going to the Class of 1872 Gate .
go to the College Green through the Prospect House .
always avoid the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop and navigate to the Idee di pietra .
avoid the Finlandia and go to Gardner House if you reached the Gardner House , you can now go to the Finlandia or stay on Gardner House .
move to the Rhode Island Hall but ensure to go to the Sayles Hall first .
travel through the Metcalf Research Building then go to the Lyman Hall .
avoid the Metcalf Research Building and reach Van Wickle Gates
avoid the John Hay Library until you go to the List Art Building .
head to the Wilbour Hall avoiding John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go through the Circle Dance Sculpture to Mencoff Hall .
go through Alpha Chi Omega Sorority to the Class of 1872 Gate .
avoid Robinson Hall and go to the Barus Building .
stay on the Wriston Quad and go to Sharpe Refectory .
go through the Metcalf Research Building before going to the Hughes Court .
avoid Lot 18 until you go to the University Hall .
go to Lippit House through the Gardner House
avoid the Carrie Tower until going to the 67 George .
go to Maxcy Green after going to The Ivy Room .
go through the Faunce House to Caswell Hall .
go to Saint Stephens Church through the Class of 1872 Gate .
go from Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology to Maxcy Green .
go to the Lyman Hall .
from the Norwood House , navigate to the Arnold Laboratory .
avoid John Hay Library until going to Lot 17 .
avoid Citizen's Bank on your way to the Quiet Green .
avoid the Sayles Hall until navigating to the Simmons Quadrangle .
always pass Robinson Hall to get to level 1 .
go through the Quiet Green to the Friedman Hall .
avoid Faunce House until navigating to the Prospect House .
avoid the first and Sayles Hall and go to Hughes Court .
go to the Slavery Memorial
move to Norwood House , but travel to the John Carter Brown Library first .
go to or through the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate always avoid going to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate through the Urban Environmental Lab
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ before you go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate by avoiding Circle Dance Sculpture and then stay in the John Nicholas Brown Gate or continue to Circle Dance Sculpture
navigate to the Untitled Lamp/Bear via the 86 Waterman  .
avoid Lyman Hall and go to Urban Environmental Lab .
go to The Ivy Room through the Slater Hall
avoid the University Hall while going to the Marston Hall .
go from the Caswell Hall to the Brown University .
go to Maddock Alumni  without going to Untitled Lamp/Bear
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall avoiding Friedman Hall .
do n't go into the Faunce House until going to Circle Dance Sculpture
go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ , then go to J.W. Wilson
avoid the Prospect House and go to the Lyman Hall .
start on the Shirley Miller House , go directly to the Lot 18 .
avoid the Urban Environmental Lab and go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
avoid the List Art Building until after navigating to the Slater Hall .
go to Wilbour Hall avoiding the 67 George . then go to the 67 George or stay on Wilbour Hall .
navigate to the BERT through the Slavery Memorial .
avoid the Sayles Hall and go to the John Hay Library .
go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences without going to the Medical Research Lab .
go to the Minden Hall , then go to Van Wickle Gates .
avoid the Prospect House and go to the Brown University .
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority without going to the Kassar House . if you reached the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority , now you can go to the Kassar House .
go to the John Hay Library but avoid the Lot 76 .
travel to the The Ivy Room and then go to Salomon Center for Teaching .
go through the Walter Hall , then make your way to Minden Hall .
go to the Lot 17 , then navigate to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go through the Marcus Aurelius to Salomon Center for Teaching .
always pass through the List Art Building to get to P-131317 .
go to the Faunce House via Quiet Green .
go through the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity to the BERT .
go to the Class of 1872 Gate through Brown Bear
go to Saint Stephens Church .
avoid Brown University and go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go from the Starbucks to Saint Stephens Church
go through the Robinson Hall to the Slater Hall .
always avoid Robinson Gate and go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
navigate to the Hope College .
do not go to Slater Hall until going to Minden Hall
avoid List Art Building and go to Sayles Hall .
go to or through the Barus Building always avoid going through the Kassar House
go to the College Green before going to the Hope College
go to the Caswell Hall , then go to Class of 1887 Gate .
avoid the Robinson Gate until you go to BERT .
go through Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology to the Medical Research Lab .
go to the The Ivy Room always avoiding the Watson Center for Information Technology .
always avoid Citizen's Bank and go to Lot 18
always go through the Circle Dance Sculpture before going to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
pass through the 86 Waterman  on your way to the War Memorial .
navigate to the Rockefeller Library .
go to Van Wickle Gates , then go to Brown Bear .
head to List Art Building after going to the Brown Bear .
avoid the John Carter Brown Library on your way to the Mencoff Hall . once you get to the Mencoff Hall you can to the John Carter Brown Library .
go to the Lyman Hall but do not go through the Littlefield Hall first .
go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
avoid Maxcy Green and go to the Medical Research Lab .
go to the War Memorial through William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to the Saint Stephens Church while avoiding the John Carter Brown Library and if you have reached the Saint Stephens Church then you can go to the John Carter Brown Library .
go to Brown University Sciences Library without going into the Metcalf Research Building
go to the Robinson Hall .
go to the War Memorial while avoiding Idee di pietra
go to the Caswell Hall while always avoiding the Watson Center for Information Technology
navigate to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology through the Sears .
navigate to the Brown University Sciences Library .
go to Maddock Alumni  through the Soldiers Memorial Gate
go to the Slavery Memorial and then go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate without going through the Caswell Hall .
stay on the Watson Center for Information Technology and navigate to John Hay Library .
avoid the Class of 1872 Gate and navigate to the Littlefield Hall .
always pass through the 86 Waterman  to get to Hughes Court .
go through the Rhode Island Hall to the Robinson Gate .
go to the Lot 17 before going to William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to the John Hay Library .
navigate to the Idee di pietra .
avoid the Faunce House and go to the Lincoln Field Building .
go to the Van Wickle Gates through the Lot 76 .
go to The Ivy Room without going to Marston Hall
always pass through the Brown University Sciences Library to get to John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to John Hay Library but remain on the Manning .
always avoid the Slater Hall while navigating to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
avoid the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity until you go through the Mencoff Hall .
start on the Rhode Island Hall and move directly to 86 Waterman  .
pass through the Saint Stephens Church on your way to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go from the The Ivy Room to the Watson Center for Information Technology
avoid J.W. Wilson until you go to the University Hall .
go to Minden Hall through the Walter Hall
go to Quiet Green .
go through the Wilbour Hall before going to the Medical Research Lab .
go to Gardner House but avoid Circle Dance Sculpture .
go through the Swearer Center for Public Service to the John Hay Library .
pass through Lincoln Field Building before going to the Slater Hall .
move to the Salomon Center for Teaching avoiding Maddock Alumni  if you got to the Salomon Center for Teaching then you can continue to Maddock Alumni  .
avoid Swearer Center for Public Service and go to the Wayland .
go through the Sharpe Refectory to Lot 17 .
go to the Idee di pietra through the Simmons Quadrangle .
go through P-131317 to the Sharpe Refectory .
go to Sayles Hall and then the Blue Room
move to Casey Shearer Memorial but avoid Soldiers Memorial Gate .
always avoid Wilbour Hall and go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to Quiet Green and then go to the Marston Hall .
go to the Slavery Memorial through University Hall .
go to War Memorial avoiding the Littlefield Hall . then go to the Littlefield Hall or stay on War Memorial .
go to the Marcus Aurelius , avoiding Sayles Hall .
go to Wayland .
avoid Marston Hall until going to Sears .
always pass Maddock Alumni  to get to level 1 .
proceed to the Kassar House by going through the Robinson Hall .
go through Simmons Quadrangle before going to the John Hay Library .
go to Mencoff Hall through the Idee di pietra
go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall through the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate
go to John Nicholas Brown Gate
go from the John Nicholas Brown Gate to the Finlandia
always pass Manning to get to level 1 .
go directly to College Green
stay on the Casey Shearer Memorial while going to the The Ivy Room .
go to the Lincoln Field Building then move to the Robinson Hall .
go to John Carter Brown Library through the Swearer Center for Public Service .
navigate to the Littlefield Hall but never go to the Saint Stephens Church .
go to the Kassar House via Barus Building .
avoid the Hegeman until you go through the Hope College .
always avoid the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall and navigate to the Saint Stephens Church .
go to the Kassar House while avoiding Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to the Quiet Green by avoiding Brown Center for Students of Color and then stay in the Quiet Green or continue to Brown Center for Students of Color
go to the John Carter Brown Library then go to the Brown University Sciences Library .
go to the Lincoln Field Building and go down to the Robinson Gate .
avoid Maddock Alumni  until you have passed through Salomon Center for Teaching
navigate to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology then continue to Caswell Hall .
go to the Class of 1887 Gate
always avoid Class of 1887 Gate and navigate to the Brown Bear .
go through Lot 17 on your way to the College Green .
go to Hope College .
go to the University Hall .
avoid Littlefield Hall until going to the Lippit House .
navigate to 67 George .
go through the Lincoln Field Building first , then go to the Lot 17 .
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching and then to John Carter Brown Library .
go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to the Prospect House through the Class of 1887 Gate
from the Casey Shearer Memorial , go to Robinson Hall directly .
navigate to the Robinson Gate while avoiding John Nicholas Brown Gate .
always avoid the Saint Stephens Church while navigating to Marston Hall .
go to the Marston Hall , and then go to the Lincoln Field Building .
go to the Brown Bear , then go to Casey Shearer Memorial .
avoid the Lippit House until after navigating to the Rockefeller Library .
go to the Starbucks through the Hegeman
avoid the John Carter Brown Library until going to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
avoid the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences on your way to Lot 18 .
go to Lot 18 while always avoiding the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to the Van Wickle Gates .
from the Quiet Green , navigate to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
always avoid the 86 Waterman  while navigating to Gardner House .
go to the Blue Room while avoiding Class of 1872 Gate and the Class of 1872 Gate
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate
go to Van Wickle Gates then go to the Arnold Laboratory .
go through the Hope College to get to The Ivy Room
do not go into the Wayland until going to Citizen's Bank
go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate , then up to Swearer Center for Public Service .
move to the Class of 1887 Gate but go through Swearer Center for Public Service first .
navigate to the Horace Mann House always avoiding the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
always pass Slater Hall before Friedman Hall .
go to the Hegeman , and then go to the Lot 17 .
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall and then head to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to the Lot 76 , then proceed to 86 Waterman  .
go to Carrie Tower before going in the Maxcy Hall .
go to the Hughes Court without going to the Littlefield Hall . if you reached the Hughes Court , now you can go to the Littlefield Hall .
avoid the second and GeoChem and Macmillian Hall and go to the Starbucks .
go to War Memorial , then go to College Green
go to the Swearer Center for Public Service but do not go to Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to Swearer Center for Public Service and always avoid the Hegeman
proceed to Swearer Center for Public Service but avoid Sears on the way . if you have reached Swearer Center for Public Service then you can proceed to Sears .
go to Barus Building
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate through the Friedman Hall
go up to the Watson Center for Information Technology without going to Quiet Green .
avoid Slavery Memorial until you go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
avoid Sears and proceed to Quiet Green
do not go to Class of 1887 Gate until going to P-131317
go through Caswell Hall to the Wriston Quad .
go to the 67 George through the University Hall .
go to the Hughes Court while always avoiding the Wriston Quad .
go to Norwood House but remain on the Metcalf Research Building .
go to Lot 17 and then to Idee di pietra
go to the John Hay Library without going through the Lincoln Field Building . if you reached the John Hay Library then you can go to the Lincoln Field Building , or be done .
avoid John Carter Brown Library and go to Walter Hall if you 've reached Walter Hall then you can go to John Carter Brown Library .
go to the Van Wickle Gates avoiding Metcalf Research Building .
avoid the Finlandia until you navigate to the Urban Environmental Lab .
go to Lincoln Field Building before Hope College .
avoid the Manning until reaching the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go from the Class of 1872 Gate to the Van Wickle Gates
go to Brown University , then go to Van Wickle Gates
always avoid the Circle Dance Sculpture and go to the Arnold Laboratory .
avoid Prospect House and move into the Shirley Miller House .
go to the Circle Dance Sculpture avoiding the Lincoln Field Building .
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate by avoiding Sayles Hall if you reached the William Goddard Memorial Gate , then you can proceed to Sayles Hall .
pass through Faunce House before going to the Lincoln Field Building .
go to the Saint Stephens Church through the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
navigate through University Hall to the J.W. Wilson .
go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences via the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to Brown Bear
avoid the Lot 17 and go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
navigate to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop through the Caswell Hall .
go to The Ivy Room passing through the John Carter Brown Library .
go to the Kassar House
go to the Blue Room through Rhode Island Hall
go to the Wriston Quad through Hughes Court
avoid the Marcus Aurelius and go to Sears .
go through the College Green then to the Faunce House .
go to Lippit House before going to Soldiers Memorial Gate .
always go through the Blue Room before going to Maddock Alumni  .
go to or through the Shirley Miller House , but avoid going to the Shirley Miller House through the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall
go to Prospect House via the Brown Bear .
avoid Sears and go to Brown University Sciences Library .
go through the Shirley Miller House to the Horace Mann House .
go to the Lot 18 while avoiding Casey Shearer Memorial .
navigate to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
avoid the Brown University until going to the Littlefield Hall .
always avoid Robinson Gate and go to the Sears .
go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall . then go directly to Slavery Memorial
go through the J.W. Wilson and navigate to the Gardner House .
go to 86 Waterman  through the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go through Hope College to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to the Sharpe Refectory without going to the BERT .
go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop and then go to the Littlefield Hall .
avoid the BERT until you go to the Slavery Memorial .
go to Prince Engineering Lab always avoiding the Kassar House .
avoid Finlandia and go to John Hay Library .
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity avoiding the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop . only if you reached the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity then you may proceed to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to War Memorial by going through Rockefeller Library
avoid Maxcy Hall until going to Van Wickle Gates .
avoid Rhode Island Hall and go to the Campus Market .
avoid the Robinson Hall until you go to the Maddock Alumni  .
while always avoiding the Quiet Green , go to Lyman Hall .
from the Sayles Hall , go to Medical Research Lab directly .
go from the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences to the University Hall
go to the Wriston Quad without going to Wriston Quad .
avoid Lot 18 until you have passed through Starbucks
always avoid Lot 18 and navigate to Medical Research Lab .
always avoid the Carrie Tower while navigating to the Campus Market .
always go through Wriston Quad and then to the Shirley Miller House .
move to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology but ensure to go to the Faunce House first .
always avoid the Van Wickle Gates while navigating to Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to Lippit House through Sharpe Refectory
avoid Wilbour Hall until after the List Art Building
pass through Brown University on your way to the Saint Stephens Church .
avoid the Slater Hall
go through Finlandia and navigate to the 86 Waterman  .
avoid Medical Research Lab and go to Shirley Miller House if you reached Shirley Miller House then you can go to Medical Research Lab .
go to the Carrie Tower .
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity before going to the War Memorial
navigate to the Medical Research Lab before you go to Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to the 86 Waterman  and then go directly to the P-131317 .
go to the Hughes Court then move to the Slavery Memorial .
go to a spot in the Faunce House , but do n't touch John Hay Library .
pass through the Arnold Laboratory on your way to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to the Lippit House through the Lincoln Field Building .
navigate to the War Memorial .
avoid the Maxcy Green on your way to the Untitled Lamp/Bear . once you get to the Untitled Lamp/Bear you can to the Maxcy Green .
travel to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ and then go to Class of 1887 Gate .
go to the Van Wickle Gates .
always avoid going through Faunce House
avoid the first and Simmons Quadrangle and go to Untitled Lamp/Bear .
avoid Marston Hall until after the John Nicholas Brown Gate
go to Soldiers Memorial Gate and avoid the Simmons Quadrangle .
always avoid the Faunce House , go to the College Green .
go to Maxcy Green while avoiding Robinson Hall
navigate to Barus Building through the Citizen's Bank .
go to the Caswell Hall without going to Caswell Hall .
go through the Slavery Memorial to the Starbucks .
move to the Carrie Tower without entering the Quiet Green .
go to Medical Research Lab .
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology avoiding Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
avoid Slavery Memorial and go to the Manning .
go through Hughes Court before going to the Lyman Hall .
move to John Hay Library , but travel to the Norwood House first .
go to Lyman Hall and then to Friedman Hall
go to the Marcus Aurelius and then go to the John Hay Library .
go to the Lincoln Field Building through the Marcus Aurelius .
go to the Wilbour Hall before you go to John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to Citizen's Bank while avoiding the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to Wriston Quad , then go to Hughes Court .
go to John Hay Library
navigate to the Class of 1872 Gate through the Lincoln Field Building .
navigate to the Brown University Sciences Library staying on the Starbucks .
navigate to Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to Slavery Memorial , then go to Carrie Tower .
go to Caswell Hall before going in the Mencoff Hall .
go through Finlandia to the BERT .
proceed to the Brown University but do n't leave the BERT .
avoid the Metcalf Research Building , navigate to the Simmons Quadrangle .
first navigate to the Kassar House , then make your way to the Simmons Quadrangle .
avoid Littlefield Hall and go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
avoid the Robinson Hall until after navigating to the List Art Building .
proceed to the William Goddard Memorial Gate by going through the Minden Hall .
go to the Simmons Quadrangle then go to the Casey Shearer Memorial
avoid Alpha Chi Omega Sorority and go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
avoid the Littlefield Hall until you enter the Brown University Sciences Library .
stay on the Sears and go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
first go to Lippit House , then go to the Friedman Hall .
always avoid going through the Brown Bear to the Walter Hall
move towards Brown Bear and then to Prince Engineering Lab .
go to the Citizen's Bank , avoiding Urban Environmental Lab .
avoid the Swearer Center for Public Service while going to the Quiet Green .
go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate but avoid Simmons Quadrangle .
always go through Brown University Sciences Library and then to the 67 George .
avoid Rockefeller Library and go to John Carter Brown Library if you reached John Carter Brown Library then you can go to Rockefeller Library .
navigate to the Lyman Hall .
go to the College Green .
avoid University Hall until going to the 86 Waterman  .
navigate to the BERT .
move to the Caswell Hall .
navigate to the Faunce House but never go to the Medical Research Lab .
navigate to Finlandia through the List Art Building .
avoid Alpha Chi Omega Sorority while traveling to Sharpe Refectory .
go through the The Ivy Room to Prince Engineering Lab .
go to Caswell Hall through the List Art Building
go to the Robinson Gate while avoiding Carrie Tower .
go to or through the Wilbour Hall always avoid going to the Wilbour Hall through the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop
go to the Hughes Court and then go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go through the Walter Hall to the Shirley Miller House .
go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity via the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to the Rhode Island Hall through the Manning .
move toward the Minden Hall .
go through the Brown Center for Students of Color to the Norwood House .
proceed to John Nicholas Brown Gate but avoid Urban Environmental Lab on the way . if you have reached John Nicholas Brown Gate then you can proceed to Urban Environmental Lab .
avoid Prince Engineering Lab and go to Robinson Hall .
navigate to Rockefeller Library .
go to the University Hall while always avoiding the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
always pass through the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority to get to Lot 76 .
from the Slavery Memorial , go to Robinson Gate directly .
while always avoiding the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop , go to Van Wickle Gates .
move toward the Wayland .
stay on the Minden Hall and go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
got to BERT through the Mencoff Hall .
go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences through Mencoff Hall .
avoid the Marston Hall until you go to the Maxcy Hall .
go to Lippit House and then to Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to the Slater Hall avoiding Minden Hall .
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop by touching the 86 Waterman  .
move to Marcus Aurelius , but travel to the Van Wickle Gates first .
go to Class of 1887 Gate then Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
move to Brown Bear , but go through the John Hay Library first .
avoid the Rockefeller Library and go to Quiet Green .
go to the Carrie Tower while avoiding the University Hall
go to the 86 Waterman  , then go to the Arnold Laboratory .
always go through the Class of 1887 Gate before going to Blue Room .
navigate to the Medical Research Lab .
avoid the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate until you go to Shirley Miller House .
go to Kassar House before going to Salomon Center for Teaching
stay on the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop and go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to the Brown University Sciences Library and then go directly to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to the Hegeman through the Robinson Hall .
go to Robinson Gate through the John Hay Library
while always avoiding the Hegeman , go to Van Wickle Gates .
avoid Shirley Miller House and go to Medical Research Lab .
always avoid Lincoln Field Building and go to the Quiet Green .
avoid the Marcus Aurelius and reach J.W. Wilson
go to Sears through the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority
always avoid Manning and go to the Lincoln Field Building .
go to the Brown Bear .
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to the John Hay Library , then go to the Barus Building .
go to the Maxcy Green through Brown University Sciences Library .
go to the Marcus Aurelius avoiding the Marcus Aurelius . if you reached the Medical Research Lab you can stay there , or head to the Marcus Aurelius .
go to the Maxcy Green and then to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
avoid Sears until you go to Simmons Quadrangle .
stay on the Carrie Tower and go to the Wayland .
go to Robinson Hall before going to Lot 76
stay on the Minden Hall and navigate to Prince Engineering Lab .
first go to the Lot 17 and then go to Citizen's Bank .
head to the Faunce House .
go to the Brown University .
go to the Manning while avoiding Van Wickle Gates .
avoid College Green until going to Wayland .
navigate to the Robinson Hall but never go to the J.W. Wilson .
avoid the Manning on your way to Lot 17 .
navigate to Wayland through the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to Gardner House by first visiting the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
avoid the Citizen's Bank until you go to the Medical Research Lab .
go to Marston Hall
go to Campus Market before going to the Wriston Quad .
move to the Rockefeller Library but go through Manning first .
always avoid going through John Carter Brown Library
avoid the Sharpe Refectory until going to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to Slater Hall while always avoiding the The Ivy Room
go to Citizen's Bank through the Robinson Gate
go to the Hope College before going to Campus Market
go to the List Art Building after you go to the John Hay Library .
go to the Lippit House through the P-131317 .
first go to to Lyman Hall then go to the Quiet Green .
go through Manning to the Brown University Sciences Library .
stay on the Circle Dance Sculpture while going to the Maddock Alumni  .
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology before going to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ
move to the Lot 17 but ensure to go to the Kassar House first .
go to Class of 1887 Gate but always avoid John Hay Library .
avoid the 67 George until you go to Hope College .
go to the John Hay Library , then head to the Lincoln Field Building .
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall
go through the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate before navigating to Hope College .
avoid the Starbucks and go to the Hegeman .
always avoid Barus Building and navigate to the Hegeman .
go to the Idee di pietra through the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go from the Casey Shearer Memorial to the Metcalf Research Building
move to the Medical Research Lab while avoiding the Slavery Memorial .
go to the Swearer Center for Public Service while avoiding Horace Mann House .
avoid the second and Prince Engineering Lab and go to the Sharpe Refectory .
avoid the Marcus Aurelius as you go to the Horace Mann House .
move to the J.W. Wilson first then travel to Kassar House .
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity through Quiet Green .
go to John Carter Brown Library then go to John Carter Brown Library .
go to Norwood House by avoiding the John Nicholas Brown Gate and then stay there or continue to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
first move to Campus Market then navigate to the Robinson Gate .
go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
avoid the War Memorial until you go through the Finlandia .
go to the Littlefield Hall , then proceed to Brown University .
go to the Lot 76 avoiding Hughes Court .
go to the Norwood House and then to Arnold Laboratory .
always navigate to Casey Shearer Memorial and then proceed to BERT .
avoid the first and Urban Environmental Lab and go to Class of 1872 Gate .
always avoid Shirley Miller House and navigate to the Maxcy Green .
go to The Ivy Room whilst avoiding the Hope College .
avoid the Brown Bear until you go to Finlandia .
go to P-131317 .
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall before going to Hegeman
move to War Memorial but avoid Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to the Maxcy Green without going to List Art Building .
navigate to the Maxcy Green .
go through the University Hall to the Lyman Hall .
avoid Lippit House and proceed to Prince Engineering Lab
navigate to the Sharpe Refectory .
go through the Brown University Sciences Library to Marcus Aurelius .
go to the Wayland avoiding Brown University Sciences Library .
go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to the Prince Engineering Lab through the Lippit House .
go through The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
avoid the Maxcy Green until you go to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to Lincoln Field Building but always stay away from Hegeman .
avoid Gardner House until navigating to the Sharpe Refectory .
go to Quiet Green
move to anywhere on the P-131317 , then move to anywhere on the University Hall .
avoid the second and Campus Market and go to the University Hall .
go through BERT to Lincoln Field Building .
avoid Carrie Tower and go to Friedman Hall .
avoid the BERT on your way to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ . once you get to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ you can to the BERT .
go to the Arnold Laboratory by touching the Urban Environmental Lab .
go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate avoiding the Rockefeller Library . go through the John Nicholas Brown Gate to get to the Rockefeller Library .
go to the Class of 1887 Gate avoiding Campus Market .
go to 1 Lyman Hall after University Hall
go to the University Hall through John Nicholas Brown Gate
avoid the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity and go to the Circle Dance Sculpture . if you reached the Circle Dance Sculpture then you may go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity , or just stay on the Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to Maddock Alumni  then go to Lyman Hall .
avoid the first and Sears and go to Brown Bear .
head to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to Brown University Sciences Library avoiding the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ . then go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ or stay on Brown University Sciences Library .
go to the Rhode Island Hall .
avoid Brown Bear and go to the Quiet Green .
avoid the Caswell Hall until you navigate to Hegeman .
go to the Medical Research Lab while always avoiding the Campus Market .
go through the John Hay Library to the Caswell Hall .
go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences
from the Slater Hall , go to Wriston Quad directly .
go to the War Memorial
navigate to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop through the Mencoff Hall .
avoid Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology until going to the Wayland .
go through the Brown Center for Students of Color then to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
navigate to Saint Stephens Church .
avoid the Norwood House until going to the Finlandia .
move to Friedman Hall , but travel to the John Carter Brown Library first .
first move to Van Wickle Gates then navigate to the Wilbour Hall .
go to the Gardner House while avoiding Brown Bear .
avoid Metcalf Research Building until you go to The Ivy Room .
always avoid Lippit House while going to 67 George .
go to the Circle Dance Sculpture but do not go through the Untitled Lamp/Bear first .
navigate to the Rhode Island Hall via the Starbucks .
navigate to the Lot 76 before going to the Wriston Quad .
go to the Metcalf Research Building before you go to the Van Wickle Gates .
go through Slater Hall to the Brown Bear .
avoid the War Memorial until you go through the Citizen's Bank .
always go through Marcus Aurelius and then to the Hope College .
go through the Untitled Lamp/Bear to Shirley Miller House .
go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate
move to the Marcus Aurelius avoiding Class of 1887 Gate if you got to the Marcus Aurelius then you can continue to Class of 1887 Gate .
go to Medical Research Lab , avoiding the Wayland
always avoid the Arnold Laboratory while navigating to Maxcy Green .
avoid the Hughes Court until College Green .
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity through the Arnold Laboratory .
go to Kassar House but do not enter the Finlandia first .
go to Brown Bear before going to Walter Hall .
go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate through the Slavery Memorial .
go to Lincoln Field Building
head to the Salomon Center for Teaching but first go to the List Art Building .
go to the Maxcy Green .
avoid the Quiet Green until going to the Rhode Island Hall .
avoid College Green and go to the Van Wickle Gates .
avoid the Saint Stephens Church and go to Lippit House .
go to the Wayland through Mencoff Hall
robot , go to the Wayland .
avoid Brown Bear and go to the Sayles Hall .
navigate to the Watson Center for Information Technology through the Hughes Court .
go to the Sayles Hall and go down to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
avoid the Untitled Lamp/Bear until you go to the Urban Environmental Lab .
go to the Quiet Green and avoid Slater Hall .
go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear then go to the Caswell Hall
always go through the Salomon Center for Teaching and then to Marcus Aurelius .
avoid the second and Gardner House and go to the Van Wickle Gates .
avoid Lot 76 while going to the Urban Environmental Lab .
go to the Wayland before you go to Barus Building .
go to the Medical Research Lab
avoid the Brown University Sciences Library and go to the Blue Room .
go to John Nicholas Brown Gate always avoiding the Norwood House .
go to the John Hay Library .
go to the Caswell Hall but do not go to Lot 17 .
go to the P-131317 , then go to the Carrie Tower .
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology while avoiding the BERT
always avoid going to Class of 1872 Gate through the Campus Market
always avoid going to J.W. Wilson through the Brown Center for Students of Color
go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity while avoiding the first and Gardner House .
go to Shirley Miller House .
avoid Lot 76 until you go to J.W. Wilson .
avoid the Saint Stephens Church and go to John Carter Brown Library .
go to the Carrie Tower .
go through the Sears to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to Brown Bear through the Urban Environmental Lab .
go to Rockefeller Library , but never through it
go to the Maxcy Hall but do not enter the Barus Building first .
go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear and then go directly to the Medical Research Lab .
go to John Hay Library by first visiting the Wilbour Hall .
go to the Brown Bear
go to the Finlandia through Slavery Memorial .
go to the Lot 18 avoiding Metcalf Research Building .
go to the Brown University
go through the P-131317 to the J.W. Wilson .
always avoid the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority while navigating to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to Untitled Lamp/Bear without going to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority
go through the Lot 17 to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to the Friedman Hall
go to the Lot 17 avoiding Lincoln Field Building .
always avoid the Swearer Center for Public Service and go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
pass through Starbucks before going to the Slater Hall .
go through the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate before going to the Prospect House .
go to Simmons Quadrangle , then head to the Lincoln Field Building .
always avoid the Caswell Hall while navigating to Lyman Hall .
go to Untitled Lamp/Bear without first passing through John Hay Library .
go from the Mencoff Hall to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
avoid Friedman Hall until you have passed through College Green
go through Lincoln Field Building to the Carrie Tower .
go through the Watson Center for Information Technology first , then go to the Gardner House .
avoid the Citizen's Bank and go to the Sears .
stay on the Marcus Aurelius and move to Blue Room .
avoid the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall until you navigate to Brown Center for Students of Color .
go from the Brown Bear to the Lot 76
go from the Arnold Laboratory to the Maddock Alumni 
go to the BERT without going to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
stay on the Prospect House and go to Urban Environmental Lab .
go to the Brown Bear after you go to the Carrie Tower .
pass through the Hegeman on your way to the Carrie Tower .
avoid the Class of 1872 Gate until you go to the Quiet Green .
go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate , then go to Caswell Hall .
go to the Brown Bear after going to the John Carter Brown Library .
go to College Green via the Marcus Aurelius .
go to the Manning by first going to the Walter Hall .
go directly to Marcus Aurelius
avoid the Rhode Island Hall until you go to the Simmons Quadrangle .
head to Prospect House after going to the Brown Bear .
avoid Sears until going to the John Carter Brown Library .
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop
go to the Sharpe Refectory through the List Art Building .
always go through the Marston Hall before going to Minden Hall .
navigate to Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to the Starbucks while avoiding Slavery Memorial .
avoid the John Carter Brown Library until you go to The Ivy Room .
go to the Rhode Island Hall and then to Sharpe Refectory .
go to Lincoln Field Building through Mencoff Hall .
avoid the Wayland and go to the Van Wickle Gates .
go from the P-131317 to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ
go to the Medical Research Lab without going to the Lot 76
travel to Kassar House .
move to the Wayland , travelling through Lippit House .
go to the Wriston Quad
go to anywhere on the Slavery Memorial .
move to the Sharpe Refectory .
go to the Wayland while avoiding the War Memorial .
avoid the Urban Environmental Lab and go to the John Carter Brown Library .
go through Class of 1872 Gate to the 86 Waterman  .
go to a spot in the Rockefeller Library , but do n't touch Finlandia .
always avoid John Hay Library and go to Wayland
go to 86 Waterman  and avoid 2nd and Medical Research Lab
go to the College Green avoiding Minden Hall .
go to Walter Hall before going in the Soldiers Memorial Gate
always avoid going through Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity
go to the Faunce House through Starbucks .
avoid the first and Brown Bear and go to Simmons Quadrangle .
go to Hegeman .
go through the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity to the Robinson Hall .
go through Lot 18 before going to the Rhode Island Hall .
pass through the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop before going to the Lincoln Field Building .
move to Littlefield Hall but avoid The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to the Starbucks and avoid Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to the Gardner House and then go to the Slater Hall .
go to the Wilbour Hall .
go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology , then go to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
start on the Urban Environmental Lab , go directly to the Lippit House .
go to Van Wickle Gates but always stay away from Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color and then head to Prospect House .
avoid the Rockefeller Library on your way to Walter Hall .
always avoid Lyman Hall and go through the 86 Waterman  .
always go through Citizen's Bank and then to the Prospect House .
go to the The Ivy Room whilst avoiding the Prospect House .
visit the 86 Waterman  and then proceed to the Littlefield Hall .
go to the University Hall .
go to the Class of 1887 Gate before going to Shirley Miller House
go to or through the J.W. Wilson while avoiding going through the Lyman Hall
go to 86 Waterman  through the John Hay Library .
avoid the Kassar House and travel to the Arnold Laboratory .
go through the Mencoff Hall to the Barus Building .
go through the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop to the John Hay Library .
go to Wilbour Hall without first passing through Prince Engineering Lab .
avoid Rhode Island Hall while traveling to Class of 1887 Gate .
go to the Hegeman and avoid Lot 17 .
move to the Slater Hall first then travel to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to the Quiet Green but do not enter the Maddock Alumni  first .
avoid Brown University Sciences Library and go to the Faunce House .
go through the Hegeman to Lincoln Field Building .
navigate to the Caswell Hall but never go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
navigate to the Lot 76 .
from the Robinson Hall , navigate to Barus Building .
go to Hughes Court through Finlandia
go to the Slater Hall before you go to Robinson Gate .
travel through the Littlefield Hall then go to the Slater Hall .
avoid Wayland and proceed to Brown Bear
go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate by first going through the Rockefeller Library .
go through Mencoff Hall then go to Urban Environmental Lab .
navigate to the Van Wickle Gates .
avoid Slavery Memorial and go to the Lippit House .
navigate to Marcus Aurelius .
go from the Manning to the Wriston Quad
from the Faunce House , navigate to the Lot 18 .
go to the Carrie Tower .
go to John Nicholas Brown Gate by going through Circle Dance Sculpture
go to the Campus Market through Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ through Carrie Tower
advance to Wriston Quad but always avoid the War Memorial .
go to BERT .
avoid Morgan Witter Rogers Gate and go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to the Hegeman without ever leaving the John Carter Brown Library .
go to Walter Hall .
do n't go into the Finlandia until going to Robinson Gate
avoid List Art Building and go to the Wayland .
go to the Minden Hall through Sayles Hall
always go from the The Ivy Room to the P-131317 .
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate , then go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences
avoid the Lyman Hall until you go to the Rockefeller Library .
go to the Simmons Quadrangle , then navigate to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to the War Memorial and then to the Sharpe Refectory .
always avoid Marcus Aurelius while going to Slavery Memorial .
do not navigate away from the University Hall and go to the Lot 76 .
navigate to the Rhode Island Hall then continue to P-131317 .
navigate directly to Minden Hall .
go to the Campus Market through the Lincoln Field Building .
avoid the Simmons Quadrangle and go to the Faunce House .
always avoid going to Wayland through the Casey Shearer Memorial
go to John Carter Brown Library by first visiting the Lyman Hall .
go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority whilst avoiding the John Carter Brown Library .
head to the Class of 1872 Gate avoiding Sayles Hall .
go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate while avoiding Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
avoid Soldiers Memorial Gate until you navigate to Sears .
go to the The Ivy Room through the Slavery Memorial .
go to Littlefield Hall while avoiding the first and Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to the Hughes Court before going to Maxcy Green .
go to the Norwood House but do not go to Sears .
go from the Slavery Memorial to Campus Market
go to the John Hay Library and if you have reached the John Hay Library you may proceed to the Prospect House or stay in the John Hay Library .
go through Mencoff Hall then go to Finlandia .
avoid Brown University until after reaching War Memorial .
go to Hegeman . then go directly to Carrie Tower
go to the Idee di pietra through the Prospect House
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
go through Citizen's Bank and then to the College Green .
go to BERT through the Sears .
head to the Hope College avoiding Brown Center for Students of Color .
move to the Wayland , travelling through the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to Idee di pietra then go to Barus Building .
navigate to the Sears .
avoid the 86 Waterman  until you go to the Saint Stephens Church .
go to the Lincoln Field Building then go to John Carter Brown Library .
go through the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall to the Hughes Court .
move to the Hope College .
move to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to J.W. Wilson .
go through Slater Hall to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to the Sayles Hall through Starbucks
go to Littlefield Hall .
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop . if you reached the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop then you may go to the Prince Engineering Lab .
navigate to the Brown Bear staying on the Lippit House .
stay on the Sears while going to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to Salomon Center for Teaching first , without passing through the Kassar House
avoid the Norwood House until going to the Urban Environmental Lab .
always go to List Art Building before navigating to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
navigate to the Littlefield Hall .
go through College Green to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
head to the Barus Building and then head to the Brown Bear .
go to Circle Dance Sculpture first , without passing through the Rhode Island Hall
navigate to Citizen's Bank .
always pass through the Maxcy Green to get to Robinson Gate .
go to the Manning while avoiding Faunce House .
avoid the Lyman Hall and go to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to the Prince Engineering Lab avoiding the Minden Hall . only if you reached the Prince Engineering Lab then you may proceed to the Minden Hall .
go to John Hay Library via the Sharpe Refectory .
go to the Norwood House .
navigate to the Slater Hall , always avoiding the Circle Dance Sculpture .
navigate to the Campus Market but never go to the Finlandia .
go to the Barus Building , then go to the John Carter Brown Library .
go to the Carrie Tower
navigate to the Gardner House always avoiding the Marston Hall .
go to Medical Research Lab through the Metcalf Research Building
go to the Barus Building .
go to Untitled Lamp/Bear always avoiding the Lincoln Field Building .
go up to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to the Robinson Gate , then go to the 67 George
avoid the Carrie Tower and go to the Saint Stephens Church .
go to the Sharpe Refectory but do not go through the Maxcy Green first .
always avoid the The Ivy Room , go to the John Hay Library .
avoid the Friedman Hall and go to the Robinson Gate . if you reached the Robinson Gate then you may go to the Friedman Hall , or just stay on the Robinson Gate .
go to the Marcus Aurelius by first going through Prince Engineering Lab .
go to or through the Shirley Miller House while avoiding going through the Kassar House
go to Carrie Tower then Idee di pietra .
avoid the Brown University and go to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
avoid the Kassar House on your way to the Lincoln Field Building . once you get to the Lincoln Field Building you can to the Kassar House .
go through the Horace Mann House to get to BERT
head to Saint Stephens Church after going to the Slater Hall .
go to the Lyman Hall without going to the Brown Bear
avoid the Faunce House and go to Norwood House .
proceed to the Casey Shearer Memorial by going through the College Green .
always avoid Class of 1872 Gate and go to Lincoln Field Building
go to the Brown Bear avoiding the Walter Hall . go through the Brown Bear to get to the Walter Hall .
go to the Finlandia through the Robinson Gate
go to the Wriston Quad and avoid Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
navigate to the Saint Stephens Church before going to the 67 George .
avoid the Sears before you navigate to the Robinson Hall .
navigate to the Friedman Hall then continue to Mencoff Hall .
navigate to the The Ivy Room .
go to the Van Wickle Gates by avoiding Quiet Green if you reached the Van Wickle Gates , then you can proceed to Quiet Green .
go to John Carter Brown Library through the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go from the Caswell Hall to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity
avoid the first and Lincoln Field Building and go to Quiet Green .
stay on the J.W. Wilson while going to the Robinson Gate .
move to the Lot 17 without leaving the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
always avoid the Faunce House and go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
navigate to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate , always avoiding the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
avoid the Caswell Hall and go to the Sears .
without stepping in the Circle Dance Sculpture , go to BERT .
go to Class of 1872 Gate always avoiding the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
avoid the Van Wickle Gates until you go to Idee di pietra .
avoid Brown Bear on your way to the Class of 1887 Gate .
move to Lot 76 , but travel to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity first .
navigate to the John Hay Library through the Maxcy Green .
avoid Lyman Hall and go to the Sears .
go through the Friedman Hall to get to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology
go to Van Wickle Gates , but never through it
go from the Sayles Hall to the Marcus Aurelius
avoid the Lincoln Field Building and go to Sears .
go to the Class of 1887 Gate , then navigate to the Horace Mann House .
go to the Friedman Hall or the Van Wickle Gates only .
first navigate to Salomon Center for Teaching , then go to Slater Hall .
go to or through the Blue Room , but avoid going to the Blue Room through the Brown University
avoid the Sayles Hall until going to Horace Mann House .
go to Hughes Court but avoid Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Wayland while staying on the Kassar House .
go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
navigate to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go through the Untitled Lamp/Bear to Hope College .
go to Prospect House by first visiting the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
avoid the Marston Hall until going to the Horace Mann House .
go to the Brown University Sciences Library from the Gardner House
go to the John Hay Library via the The Ivy Room .
go to the Sears before you go to Wriston Quad .
avoid the College Green and go to the Marston Hall .
go to the Marcus Aurelius before going to University Hall
go to Idee di pietra before going to the Arnold Laboratory .
avoiding the Wilbour Hall , go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
first go to the Prospect House and then go to Maxcy Hall .
always avoid List Art Building and go to the Robinson Gate .
go through Lincoln Field Building and then to the Caswell Hall .
go to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to the Brown Bear , then go to the Slater Hall .
go to Lippit House .
robot , go to the Lincoln Field Building .
avoid Alpha Chi Omega Sorority and go to Mencoff Hall .
go to the Metcalf Research Building through Class of 1887 Gate
go to the Barus Building through the Maxcy Green .
avoid the Maxcy Green on your way to Brown Bear .
avoid the Van Wickle Gates until you enter the Brown University Sciences Library .
go from BERT to Lincoln Field Building .
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
avoid the Gardner House until you go to John Nicholas Brown Gate .
avoid the John Carter Brown Library until you enter the Manning .
go to the J.W. Wilson
go through 86 Waterman  and then to the Friedman Hall .
go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate and avoid the Hughes Court .
go to the Hegeman from the Mencoff Hall
avoid List Art Building and go to Brown Bear if you reached Brown Bear then you can go to List Art Building .
go up to Prospect House .
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity through Saint Stephens Church
go to the Littlefield Hall , then navigate to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to Sharpe Refectory but do not first go through the Maxcy Green .
avoid the Norwood House until going to Finlandia .
avoid the P-131317 until you go to Casey Shearer Memorial .
avoid the Maxcy Green until you go through the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
always avoid the John Carter Brown Library and travel to Friedman Hall .
navigate to the John Hay Library but do not pass through the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
avoid Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity and go to Robinson Gate .
move to the University Hall by going through the Brown Bear
navigate to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to the Friedman Hall and then go directly to the Wriston Quad .
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate
avoid the William Goddard Memorial Gate on the way to Lot 17 .
always avoid the Urban Environmental Lab and travel to Sears .
avoid Shirley Miller House and go to Idee di pietra .
go to the Blue Room and avoid John Carter Brown Library .
go to the Lot 76 through Quiet Green
always avoid Hope College and go to Prospect House .
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color but avoid Blue Room .
go to Sayles Hall without going into the Salomon Center for Teaching
always avoid the Maxcy Hall and travel to Swearer Center for Public Service .
move to the Simmons Quadrangle then continue to the Lot 17 .
avoid the Finlandia until you enter the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Lyman Hall through Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go through the Urban Environmental Lab to the Blue Room .
go to the Sayles Hall but avoid Carrie Tower if you reached to the Sayles Hall then you can head to Carrie Tower or stay put .
avoid Lyman Hall and go to the Faunce House .
navigate to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ through Shirley Miller House
avoid going through Rhode Island Hall until you go through the Hope College .
go to Brown Bear and avoid 2nd and Maddock Alumni 
avoid the John Nicholas Brown Gate until you navigate to Hegeman .
avoid the Minden Hall until going to the Medical Research Lab .
pass through the Urban Environmental Lab before going to the Littlefield Hall .
go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear while avoiding Simmons Quadrangle and the Simmons Quadrangle
navigate to the Littlefield Hall but never go to the P-131317 .
go to the Finlandia but do not enter the Rhode Island Hall first .
go to the Prospect House , then go to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
always avoid Maxcy Green and navigate to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
avoid Marston Hall and go to the Littlefield Hall .
go to Swearer Center for Public Service through the University Hall .
go to Urban Environmental Lab but always stay away from College Green .
go to the Slater Hall whilst avoiding the Sayles Hall .
avoid the Norwood House until you navigate to the Wayland .
go to the Lot 76 before going to John Nicholas Brown Gate
go through the University Hall to Robinson Gate .
go to the List Art Building then go P-131317 .
stay on the John Hay Library and navigate to Mencoff Hall .
avoid Wayland until you go to the BERT .
move to the Salomon Center for Teaching while avoiding the Kassar House .
go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity through the John Carter Brown Library .
avoid Maxcy Hall until you go to P-131317 .
go to the J.W. Wilson through the Carrie Tower .
go to Maxcy Hall then go to Sayles Hall .
go to the Casey Shearer Memorial through Littlefield Hall
go to the Class of 1887 Gate through the Caswell Hall .
go to or through the John Carter Brown Library , but avoid going to the John Carter Brown Library through the Wriston Quad
go to the Metcalf Research Building by first going through the Finlandia .
go to the Van Wickle Gates
visit the Van Wickle Gates then go to the Class of 1887 Gate .
go to the 86 Waterman  through Norwood House .
go to the Lincoln Field Building through the Lot 18 .
go to Rockefeller Library while staying on the Casey Shearer Memorial .
always pass Friedman Hall to get to level 1 .
go to the Maddock Alumni  . if you reached the Maddock Alumni  then you may go to the Minden Hall .
go to Marston Hall before going to Hope College .
go to Caswell Hall .
avoid the Wriston Quad before you navigate to the Robinson Hall .
avoid List Art Building and go to Manning .
go through BERT to Littlefield Hall .
avoid going through John Carter Brown Library until you go through the Caswell Hall .
avoid Lot 17 and go to Blue Room .
go through the Faunce House to Citizen's Bank .
go through Maxcy Green to the Blue Room .
go to Rockefeller Library before going to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority
stay on the John Carter Brown Library while navigating to Blue Room .
go to Kassar House without going into the Littlefield Hall
avoid the Caswell Hall and go to the Saint Stephens Church .
avoid Sharpe Refectory until you have passed through Circle Dance Sculpture
go to the Walter Hall avoiding the Walter Hall . if you reached the Maxcy Hall you can stay there , or head to the Walter Hall .
avoid the BERT until reaching the Hughes Court .
stay on the Rockefeller Library and go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to the Simmons Quadrangle but never go to the J.W. Wilson .
always avoid Friedman Hall and go to List Art Building
head to Maxcy Green after going to the Wilbour Hall .
go to the Sears without going to the Rhode Island Hall .
go to the Class of 1887 Gate .
go to the Starbucks while avoiding P-131317 and the P-131317
avoid Maddock Alumni  and go to the Maxcy Hall .
go to Lot 17 without first passing through Carrie Tower .
stay on the Lot 17 and navigate to Lippit House .
proceed to The Ivy Room without going through the Lot 76 .
avoid Starbucks and go to the Lot 76 .
avoid the List Art Building until you reach Robinson Hall .
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority
avoid the Van Wickle Gates until reaching the Norwood House .
avoid Lincoln Field Building until going to the War Memorial .
go to the Wilbour Hall avoiding the J.W. Wilson . if you get to Wilbour Hall you can then proceed to the J.W. Wilson
avoid the John Hay Library until you go to the Simmons Quadrangle .
go through Simmons Quadrangle to the War Memorial .
go to the Sharpe Refectory and then navigate to the Simmons Quadrangle .
approach the BERT while avoiding the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to the Prospect House through The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
from the Slater Hall , go to University Hall directly .
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity while avoiding the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority
go to the Metcalf Research Building through the Swearer Center for Public Service .
proceed to Prospect House but avoid Norwood House on the way . if you have reached Prospect House then you can proceed to Norwood House .
go through Soldiers Memorial Gate then go to Wilbour Hall .
go through the Prince Engineering Lab to the Caswell Hall
go to the Marcus Aurelius .
go to the War Memorial avoiding the Starbucks .
avoid Wayland and go to the Brown University Sciences Library .
move to the Metcalf Research Building by going through the Idee di pietra
navigate to Citizen's Bank .
avoid the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority until going to the Class of 1887 Gate .
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop and then go to the Arnold Laboratory .
avoid Soldiers Memorial Gate until going to the Prospect House .
avoid Brown University Sciences Library until you go to the Idee di pietra .
go from the Lippit House to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology
go to Robinson Hall without going in the Faunce House
avoid Salomon Center for Teaching until you go to Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to Blue Room and then to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology
avoid the Norwood House , navigate to the Saint Stephens Church .
go to the Friedman Hall .
avoid Manning until going to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to the Hope College via Medical Research Lab .
go to the Maxcy Hall by first going through the Salomon Center for Teaching .
avoid the first and Casey Shearer Memorial and go to Quiet Green .
avoid the Rhode Island Hall and reach Urban Environmental Lab
go to the Maxcy Hall .
navigate to the Caswell Hall .
avoid Barus Building and go to Blue Room .
do not navigate away from the Wilbour Hall and go to the University Hall .
robot , go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go through Robinson Hall to the Hegeman .
avoid the Wayland until you go to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to the Casey Shearer Memorial but avoid the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to or through the Starbucks always avoid going through the Brown Center for Students of Color
always avoid the John Hay Library , go to Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority , then go to the Robinson Gate .
move to the University Hall while avoiding the Lot 18 .
go to the Lot 18 before going to Lot 76 .
go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
move to the Slavery Memorial , travelling through the John Hay Library .
go to Quiet Green through Carrie Tower .
navigate to Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
avoid the Sharpe Refectory until going to Van Wickle Gates .
go through the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology to the Brown University Sciences Library .
go to the Wilbour Hall and then go to the Van Wickle Gates .
avoid Sayles Hall until going to Caswell Hall .
go through Shirley Miller House to the Lyman Hall .
go to the Van Wickle Gates .
go directly to Starbucks
avoid the Slater Hall until going to the Lincoln Field Building .
go to List Art Building while always avoiding the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
avoid Class of 1887 Gate until you go to the P-131317 .
always avoid Marcus Aurelius and go to 67 George .
always navigate to Arnold Laboratory and then proceed to Van Wickle Gates .
always pass Idee di pietra to get to level 1 .
avoid the War Memorial as you go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
avoid Circle Dance Sculpture until going to the Kassar House .
avoid the List Art Building until after navigating to the Marston Hall .
avoid the Brown University Sciences Library until going to the Robinson Hall .
go to the Rhode Island Hall .
avoid the Lot 17 and go to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
move to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
avoid the John Carter Brown Library until you go to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
always avoid Casey Shearer Memorial while going to Sayles Hall .
go from the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority to the P-131317
go to Lot 76 through Lyman Hall
go to the Brown Bear
go to Horace Mann House through the Brown University Sciences Library .
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ but avoid John Hay Library .
always avoid the Mencoff Hall while navigating to the 86 Waterman  .
go to the The Ivy Room and avoid the P-131317 .
always avoid Rhode Island Hall and navigate to the Lippit House .
go directly to Friedman Hall .
go to the Shirley Miller House by first going through the Norwood House .
avoid the first and Saint Stephens Church and go to Marston Hall .
move to the University Hall .
avoid Prince Engineering Lab and go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
always go to Faunce House before Van Wickle Gates .
avoid the Robinson Gate and go to Brown Bear if you reached the Brown Bear , you can now go to the Robinson Gate or stay on Brown Bear .
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall without ever leaving the Hegeman .
go to Class of 1872 Gate and then to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority
avoid Brown University and go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
move to the Class of 1872 Gate but go through Friedman Hall first .
avoid John Nicholas Brown Gate and go to the List Art Building .
go to the Lot 18 without touching Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to the Wilbour Hall .
go to Kassar House from the List Art Building only .
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate , then go to the Quiet Green .
avoid the Starbucks and go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
avoid the Rockefeller Library and go to the Brown Bear .
go to Slavery Memorial from the John Hay Library only .
go to the Lippit House avoiding Van Wickle Gates if you reached the Lippit House then you may go to Van Wickle Gates .
navigate to the Class of 1872 Gate by passing through the Littlefield Hall .
navigate to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall , then go to Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to the P-131317 , then proceed to Hegeman .
avoid Rhode Island Hall until going to Brown Center for Students of Color .
move to the 67 George while avoiding the John Carter Brown Library .
go to Prince Engineering Lab and then to Brown University
avoid the War Memorial and go to Class of 1887 Gate if you reached the Class of 1887 Gate , you can now go to the War Memorial or stay on Class of 1887 Gate .
go to the Mencoff Hall through the Medical Research Lab
go to the Wriston Quad before going to BERT .
move to Hughes Court without entering the Maxcy Green . then you may stay at Hughes Court or go to the Maxcy Green .
go to the Robinson Gate and then navigate to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
go from the Campus Market to The Ivy Room
go to or through the Untitled Lamp/Bear . always avoid going to the Untitled Lamp/Bear through John Nicholas Brown Gate
go to the Blue Room avoiding the Wayland . only if you reached the Blue Room then you may proceed to the Wayland .
go to Lot 18
go to War Memorial , then go to Prospect House .
avoid Sayles Hall and go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
avoid Metcalf Research Building and go to the Brown University Sciences Library .
go to the Maxcy Hall through Lot 17
do not go to Van Wickle Gates until going to Watson Center for Information Technology
avoid Simmons Quadrangle until going to 67 George .
go to the Wilbour Hall .
go to the Van Wickle Gates but avoid Idee di pietra .
go through the Mencoff Hall before going to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences
go to the Lot 18 before going to John Carter Brown Library
go to anywhere on the Starbucks .
go to the Brown University before going to Maxcy Hall .
always pass through the Maxcy Green to get to Brown University .
first go to to Maxcy Hall then go to the Kassar House .
head to the Kassar House without going through the Watson Center for Information Technology
go to the Lot 17 through the Van Wickle Gates
go to the Quiet Green through the Brown Center for Students of Color .
avoid the J.W. Wilson until after you 've gone to the Wilbour Hall .
go from the Shirley Miller House to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to the Brown Bear while avoiding Maxcy Hall
avoid the Kassar House until going to the Faunce House .
go to Brown University Sciences Library before navigating to the Urban Environmental Lab .
always go to Hope College before navigating to the Quiet Green .
go to Soldiers Memorial Gate by first visiting the Wriston Quad .
move to the Arnold Laboratory without leaving the Prospect House .
advance to Campus Market but always avoid the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to Barus Building via the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
always go through the Maxcy Hall to get to the Friedman Hall .
stay on the Lippit House and go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go from the Walter Hall to the John Carter Brown Library
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color
navigate to the 67 George .
go to Barus Building through the Maxcy Hall
navigate to the Brown University Sciences Library while avoiding The Ivy Room .
avoid the Sayles Hall and go to the John Hay Library .
go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate via the Rhode Island Hall .
go to or through the Untitled Lamp/Bear while avoiding going through the Prince Engineering Lab
avoid Maddock Alumni  while navigating to Lincoln Field Building .
first go to J.W. Wilson , then go to the Slavery Memorial .
go to the Campus Market via the Brown Bear .
go to or through the Norwood House while avoiding going through the Brown Bear
go to Hughes Court but do not first go through the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to the Sears while avoiding the Campus Market and if you have reached the Sears then you can go to the Campus Market .
always avoid Lyman Hall and go to Idee di pietra .
stay on the War Memorial and navigate to Slavery Memorial .
always avoid the Lyman Hall and go to the University Hall .
go to Robinson Hall , then go to Lot 18 .
avoid the Hughes Court until going to the Lot 17 .
go to Simmons Quadrangle
go to the Citizen's Bank by avoiding Salomon Center for Teaching and then stay in the Citizen's Bank or continue to Salomon Center for Teaching
go from the Sayles Hall to the Class of 1887 Gate
avoid the Finlandia until after navigating to the Idee di pietra .
always avoid Metcalf Research Building and go to the Lot 76 .
go to Metcalf Research Building and then to Soldiers Memorial Gate
avoid the Simmons Quadrangle on your way to Mencoff Hall .
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall without going to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
navigate to the Faunce House .
avoid Maxcy Green on your way to the Brown Bear .
travel through the Prospect House then go to the Brown University .
go to Urban Environmental Lab before Lincoln Field Building .
avoid Minden Hall while going to the Starbucks .
move to Urban Environmental Lab without entering the Lot 18 . then you may stay at Urban Environmental Lab or go to the Lot 18 .
go to Sharpe Refectory and avoid the Simmons Quadrangle .
go to the Gardner House .
always avoid Shirley Miller House while going to P-131317 .
always avoid going through Marcus Aurelius
go through Swearer Center for Public Service and navigate to the BERT .
avoid the Rockefeller Library until going to the Friedman Hall .
go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
always navigate to Hope College and then proceed to Mencoff Hall .
always avoid Wayland and go to the Mencoff Hall .
always avoid going to Sears through the Salomon Center for Teaching
navigate to the Robinson Hall before going to Hope College .
go through Slater Hall to Medical Research Lab .
go to the Finlandia and go down to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
navigate to Circle Dance Sculpture through the John Hay Library .
go to the Medical Research Lab through Brown University
go to Brown Bear
go to John Nicholas Brown Gate from the Hegeman only .
avoid the Barus Building until going to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to the Sears through List Art Building
go to College Green , avoid the Wayland until you have been to the College Green
avoid The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ and go to Watson Center for Information Technology if you have reached Watson Center for Information Technology then you can go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
always pass Brown University before Hughes Court .
go to the Campus Market through Brown Center for Students of Color .
go from the Shirley Miller House to the Rockefeller Library
navigate to the Brown Center for Students of Color while avoiding Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to Campus Market and then to Metcalf Research Building
always avoid War Memorial and navigate to the Hegeman .
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology then go to Lincoln Field Building
go through the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop to Citizen's Bank .
go to Kassar House before going to Wriston Quad
move to anywhere on the Manning , then move to anywhere on the Maddock Alumni  .
go to Marcus Aurelius
go to the Lyman Hall through the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to the Medical Research Lab through the Class of 1872 Gate
go to the List Art Building while avoiding the Hughes Court
move to the War Memorial .
go to the Sharpe Refectory through the Hope College .
go to William Goddard Memorial Gate through Mencoff Hall
go to Brown Bear .
go to the Rockefeller Library by first visiting Slater Hall .
go through Campus Market to the 67 George .
always pass through the Marston Hall to get to Wilbour Hall .
go to the Prospect House
go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate
avoid the Medical Research Lab and navigate to the Robinson Hall .
go to Sayles Hall .
avoid Marcus Aurelius until you go to Carrie Tower .
stay on the Class of 1872 Gate and navigate to Blue Room .
avoid Idee di pietra until you go to the Lyman Hall .
always avoid going to William Goddard Memorial Gate through the Norwood House
go to the Horace Mann House
go to Littlefield Hall
avoid Littlefield Hall until after the P-131317
go to Van Wickle Gates through the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to the Hope College without touching Medical Research Lab .
go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences before going to the College Green
go to Caswell Hall .
go to the Rockefeller Library without going to the Sears .
go to the Casey Shearer Memorial while staying on the Medical Research Lab .
go through the Van Wickle Gates to the Saint Stephens Church .
go to Lyman Hall before going to the John Hay Library
go to the Prospect House through the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to the Maddock Alumni  through the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
avoid the Friedman Hall until going through Slater Hall .
go to the Manning , and then go to the Sears .
go from the Manning to the Lippit House
avoid the Robinson Hall until you go to the 67 George .
go to Brown Bear through Quiet Green .
avoid Wayland and go to the College Green .
avoid Maxcy Green until after reaching Lot 18 .
go from the Brown Bear to the Starbucks
navigate to the Brown University Sciences Library before going to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
always avoid the 67 George and navigate to the Maxcy Green .
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate and then to Marston Hall .
go to Wayland while staying on the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
avoid Wilbour Hall and go to Hope College .
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology then move to the 86 Waterman  .
always avoid the List Art Building and go to Lot 17 .
go through the University Hall to Lippit House .
avoid the P-131317 and reach Rhode Island Hall
go to 86 Waterman  while staying on the Slavery Memorial .
avoid the 86 Waterman  until going to the Lyman Hall .
go to the Robinson Gate and then go directly to the Lincoln Field Building .
go through the Lippit House before going to Brown University
go to the Marcus Aurelius and then head to Robinson Gate .
avoid the John Nicholas Brown Gate and go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate
go to the Maxcy Hall before you navigate to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
avoid Brown University until you go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
always avoid going to Barus Building through the Brown University Sciences Library
go to Maxcy Hall then go to Kassar House .
avoid Hughes Court until after the Lot 18
navigate to the William Goddard Memorial Gate but do n't ever go to Robinson Gate .
go to the Starbucks while avoiding the Walter Hall and if you have reached the Starbucks then you can go to the Walter Hall .
move to the Simmons Quadrangle .
navigate to the Carrie Tower avoiding Barus Building .
go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
avoid the Brown Center for Students of Color on the way to Marcus Aurelius .
move to the Campus Market and then the Horace Mann House .
avoid the Salomon Center for Teaching until you go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to J.W. Wilson through the Slater Hall
go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences before going to Saint Stephens Church
visit the Slater Hall and then move to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to the Kassar House through Swearer Center for Public Service
avoid the Class of 1872 Gate and the Prince Engineering Lab and go to Class of 1872 Gate .
move to Class of 1887 Gate .
move toward the Saint Stephens Church .
go to the Circle Dance Sculpture always avoiding the Norwood House .
navigate to the BERT staying on the Lincoln Field Building .
go to Littlefield Hall , but never through it
go through the Soldiers Memorial Gate to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to the Norwood House via the List Art Building .
first go to Rhode Island Hall , then go to the Minden Hall .
go to or through Lot 76 avoiding going through Brown Bear
go to the Lincoln Field Building .
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching then the Urban Environmental Lab .
always avoid the Sears and go to the Finlandia .
go through the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology to Brown University Sciences Library .
avoid the Maxcy Green and go to Mencoff Hall if you reached the Mencoff Hall , you can now go to the Maxcy Green or stay on Mencoff Hall .
go through the Faunce House before going to the 86 Waterman  .
go to Gardner House while avoiding the first and Slater Hall .
go to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go through the Metcalf Research Building to Sayles Hall .
go to 1 Walter Hall after Littlefield Hall
go to Van Wickle Gates through Circle Dance Sculpture
navigate to the Littlefield Hall .
go to the Arnold Laboratory , then navigate to the Medical Research Lab .
go to the Van Wickle Gates through the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go through the Starbucks to the Brown University Sciences Library .
move toward the Carrie Tower .
navigate to the Caswell Hall before going to the Maddock Alumni  .
avoid the Sharpe Refectory , navigate to the Urban Environmental Lab .
navigate to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall then continue to Finlandia .
navigate to Caswell Hall .
go to the University Hall .
go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall through John Carter Brown Library
go to Maxcy Hall then go to Maxcy Hall .
avoid the Simmons Quadrangle and go to Circle Dance Sculpture .
go through Littlefield Hall before going to the University Hall .
go to Lyman Hall and then go to the John Hay Library .
go to the BERT avoiding Saint Stephens Church .
avoid Brown Bear until going to the Arnold Laboratory .
always avoid Campus Market and navigate to Finlandia .
go to or through the Manning always avoid going to the Manning through the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences
avoid the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority until after going to the Lincoln Field Building .
go to 86 Waterman  while staying on the Marston Hall .
go to the Lyman Hall before going to Soldiers Memorial Gate
go to the Hope College through Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop
always avoid Morgan Witter Rogers Gate and go to the Maxcy Green .
avoid Maxcy Green until going to Sayles Hall .
go to Maxcy Hall .
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity by first going through the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go through Maddock Alumni  to BERT .
avoid the Shirley Miller House until you navigate to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Wayland , and then go to the War Memorial .
go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear before you go to J.W. Wilson .
avoid Metcalf Research Building and go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to the The Ivy Room .
go to the Quiet Green through Slavery Memorial
proceed to Minden Hall without going through the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go through the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop before going to the List Art Building .
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
first go to to Lincoln Field Building then go to the Walter Hall .
go to Kassar House then go to Kassar House .
go to Littlefield Hall but always stay away from John Nicholas Brown Gate .
navigate to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go from the Circle Dance Sculpture to Faunce House
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
move to Maxcy Green without leaving the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to Horace Mann House
go from the Caswell Hall to the Wayland
head to the College Green .
move to the Slater Hall .
go to the Maxcy Green
go through the Saint Stephens Church to BERT .
always avoid Sayles Hall and go to the College Green .
travel to Mencoff Hall .
go to the The Ivy Room via Friedman Hall .
avoid the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences until you go to the Wayland .
avoid the College Green until going to the Prospect House .
navigate directly to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go up to University Hall .
go through the Lot 17 to the Hegeman .
go to the Prince Engineering Lab through the Maxcy Green .
from the Sharpe Refectory , navigate to the Prince Engineering Lab .
go directly to J.W. Wilson
always avoid Caswell Hall and go to Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to the Brown University
go to 86 Waterman  .
go to College Green .
always avoid Alpha Chi Omega Sorority and go to the Rockefeller Library .
always avoid Untitled Lamp/Bear and go to the Kassar House .
go to the Arnold Laboratory through the Slavery Memorial
avoid the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ until going to the Gardner House .
always avoid going through Lyman Hall
always go to College Green before Rockefeller Library .
go to Saint Stephens Church and then to Starbucks .
avoid Lincoln Field Building until going to the Mencoff Hall .
navigate to the Marcus Aurelius but never go to the Carrie Tower .
move to the 86 Waterman  without leaving the College Green .
proceed to the J.W. Wilson by going through the Walter Hall .
go through Simmons Quadrangle to the Robinson Hall .
always avoid Robinson Gate and go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to Casey Shearer Memorial .
stay away from the John Hay Library and go to College Green .
avoid Faunce House until you go to the Idee di pietra .
head to the P-131317 without going through the Hegeman
always pass Finlandia to get to level 1 .
avoid the William Goddard Memorial Gate until Marcus Aurelius .
move to the Saint Stephens Church , travelling through the Van Wickle Gates .
from the Starbucks go to Brown University Sciences Library .
always navigate to J.W. Wilson and then proceed to Manning .
go to Littlefield Hall .
avoid the Minden Hall until you go to Wilbour Hall .
avoid Class of 1872 Gate until navigating to the 67 George .
always avoid going to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity through the Untitled Lamp/Bear
go to Marston Hall through the Blue Room .
go to the Maxcy Green
avoid Slavery Memorial and go to the Sears .
go through the Lot 76 to the Brown University Sciences Library .
go to Lot 18
go through the Brown Bear before navigating to Littlefield Hall .
go to Salomon Center for Teaching and then to Lot 18 .
navigate to the Campus Market then continue to Lot 18 .
avoid the second and GeoChem and Macmillian Hall and go to the Idee di pietra .
go to the Maxcy Green but avoid Brown Bear if you reached to the Maxcy Green then you can head to Brown Bear or stay put .
avoid Horace Mann House until going to Class of 1887 Gate .
go to the Littlefield Hall but avoid Urban Environmental Lab .
stay on the Robinson Gate and move to Manning .
go to P-131317 but do not first go through the War Memorial .
avoid the Wriston Quad until going to Starbucks .
go from Horace Mann House to Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to William Goddard Memorial Gate before Littlefield Hall .
go to the Medical Research Lab through the Hope College .
go through Marston Hall to the Sears .
go to John Hay Library but do not first go through the Prince Engineering Lab .
avoid the first and Idee di pietra and go to Gardner House .
go up to the Simmons Quadrangle without going to War Memorial .
go to anywhere on the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
move to the Gardner House while avoiding the BERT .
first move to Hughes Court then navigate to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to the Idee di pietra but do not go through the Untitled Lamp/Bear first .
avoid John Nicholas Brown Gate until you go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
avoid the Marston Hall and reach The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ
avoid the Blue Room until going to the John Hay Library .
go through the Maddock Alumni  and navigate to the Rhode Island Hall .
go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences through the Blue Room
go through the Watson Center for Information Technology before going to the War Memorial .
move to Lippit House from the Manning .
go through the Prince Engineering Lab to the Urban Environmental Lab .
go to Arnold Laboratory without first passing through Brown Bear .
go to Campus Market .
avoid Untitled Lamp/Bear until you go to the Littlefield Hall .
avoid Untitled Lamp/Bear and go to P-131317 .
avoid College Green and go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to Slater Hall through the Metcalf Research Building .
go through the Lincoln Field Building to Faunce House .
stay on the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity to get to Maxcy Hall .
go to the Lippit House avoiding Robinson Gate .
go to the Simmons Quadrangle , then proceed to Minden Hall .
go to Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to Brown Bear after going to Rockefeller Library .
go to the Quiet Green .
go to BERT while avoiding going through any other objects
move to Van Wickle Gates from the Brown University .
head to the Lyman Hall without going through the University Hall
always avoid the Saint Stephens Church while navigating to the Maxcy Green .
avoid the Blue Room until you navigate to the War Memorial .
go to the Brown Bear via Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
robot , go to the Citizen's Bank .
go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate and avoid the Maxcy Green .
avoid the Metcalf Research Building until going to the Slater Hall .
go to Circle Dance Sculpture through the Walter Hall
go to Kassar House but remain on the Sayles Hall .
go to the P-131317 .
move to Caswell Hall without entering the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate . then you may stay at Caswell Hall or go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
avoid Class of 1887 Gate until going to the Mencoff Hall .
go through the Minden Hall to William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to Circle Dance Sculpture , then go to Brown Center for Students of Color
go to Horace Mann House but remain on the Finlandia .
go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall whilst avoiding the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
move to Littlefield Hall , but go through the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority first .
go to the Caswell Hall through the Brown Bear
always avoid Van Wickle Gates and go to the Finlandia .
avoid the Slater Hall until going to the Simmons Quadrangle .
stay on the Caswell Hall and go to Maddock Alumni  .
go through the Swearer Center for Public Service to Norwood House .
go to List Art Building .
go to the Hughes Court through the Mencoff Hall .
always go to Wriston Quad before navigating to the J.W. Wilson .
go to Wilbour Hall through Robinson Gate
go to or through the Norwood House , but avoid going to the Norwood House through the Brown University Sciences Library
go to the Wriston Quad while staying on the Class of 1887 Gate .
while always avoiding the Rhode Island Hall , go to Finlandia .
avoid the Hope College and go to the Brown University .
go to J.W. Wilson , then go to Metcalf Research Building
move to Horace Mann House from the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop while avoiding the Horace Mann House .
go to Finlandia via the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to the Norwood House and then go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
navigate through Soldiers Memorial Gate then go to J.W. Wilson .
travel to Manning .
avoid the Marston Hall until you go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
stay on the Maxcy Green and go to Sears .
go from the Class of 1872 Gate to Soldiers Memorial Gate
navigate to the Friedman Hall by passing through the Sears .
go to Starbucks while staying on the Urban Environmental Lab .
go to the Maxcy Hall and then to Saint Stephens Church .
avoid Caswell Hall until you go to Sayles Hall .
go to the 86 Waterman  or the Metcalf Research Building only .
avoid J.W. Wilson while navigating to List Art Building .
avoid the Class of 1872 Gate until going to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to the Saint Stephens Church and then go to the Sayles Hall .
move to Maxcy Green but avoid College Green .
avoid the Mencoff Hall and go to the Horace Mann House .
go to Maddock Alumni  through the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
navigate to the Wriston Quad .
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
avoid War Memorial and go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
avoid the Arnold Laboratory and go to the Hope College .
go to the Caswell Hall , then go to the Horace Mann House .
avoid the War Memorial until you go to Metcalf Research Building
always go through the Hughes Court before going to Brown Bear .
go to the Lincoln Field Building .
go to the Lincoln Field Building avoiding Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to the Norwood House .
avoid the Marston Hall , navigate to the Brown University Sciences Library .
avoid John Hay Library until reaching the Robinson Gate .
go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ through the Rhode Island Hall .
pass through Arnold Laboratory on your way to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to Norwood House , then up to Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate via the Prince Engineering Lab .
avoid the Brown Center for Students of Color
always avoid the Friedman Hall , go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
avoid the Casey Shearer Memorial until you go to BERT .
go to Sayles Hall before going to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to or through the Van Wickle Gates always avoid going to the Van Wickle Gates through Alpha Chi Omega Sorority
navigate to the Simmons Quadrangle .
go to the Marston Hall .
always avoid Brown University Sciences Library and navigate to Rockefeller Library .
go to 86 Waterman  through the Brown University Sciences Library
go to the J.W. Wilson without going to the Arnold Laboratory . if you reached the J.W. Wilson , now you can go to the Arnold Laboratory .
go to Starbucks , but do not go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to the Rockefeller Library avoiding Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology if you reached the Rockefeller Library then you may go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
avoid William Goddard Memorial Gate until you navigate to Sears .
navigate from the Salomon Center for Teaching to the 67 George .
avoid the Prince Engineering Lab until you navigate to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go from the John Nicholas Brown Gate to the Prospect House .
go to the Metcalf Research Building only through the Campus Market
go to the Walter Hall while avoiding the Sharpe Refectory
approach the Class of 1887 Gate while avoiding the Friedman Hall .
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology
go to Friedman Hall and always avoid the Swearer Center for Public Service
visit the 86 Waterman  then go to the Maxcy Hall .
avoid the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority and go to the Citizen's Bank .
move to the John Hay Library and then move to BERT .
avoid 67 George while traveling to Friedman Hall .
always avoid the Hope College and go to the Finlandia .
go to or through the 86 Waterman  always avoid going through the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ
navigate to Swearer Center for Public Service through the Lot 76 .
go to the Citizen's Bank
move to the Class of 1872 Gate .
go to Medical Research Lab then go to Medical Research Lab .
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop while avoiding Norwood House .
go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate and then to List Art Building
avoid the Caswell Hall until going to the Barus Building .
from the Brown Center for Students of Color , go to John Nicholas Brown Gate directly .
go to the Robinson Hall avoiding GeoChem and Macmillian Hall if you reached the Robinson Hall then you may go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go directly to BERT .
go to the Carrie Tower through Wriston Quad
always avoid Manning and go through the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to the Norwood House .
go to or through the Lippit House always avoid going to the Lippit House through the Friedman Hall
go from the Maxcy Green to John Carter Brown Library
go to the Kassar House before going to the Hope College .
avoid the Class of 1887 Gate and the Quiet Green and go to Class of 1887 Gate .
move towards Watson Center for Information Technology and then to Hope College .
always avoid going to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall through the Citizen's Bank
go to Robinson Hall
always avoid Simmons Quadrangle and go to John Hay Library .
navigate to Urban Environmental Lab .
go to Hope College without going into the Van Wickle Gates
always avoid Hope College and navigate to the Wilbour Hall .
avoid the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate
always avoid going through the Blue Room to the Swearer Center for Public Service
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to Marston Hall and avoid the Wilbour Hall .
go to Lippit House through the Sayles Hall .
go to Friedman Hall and then to J.W. Wilson
go to Slater Hall .
go to the Mencoff Hall but do not go to Metcalf Research Building .
go to the Lincoln Field Building while avoiding the Rockefeller Library
go through the The Ivy Room before going to the Maddock Alumni  .
go through the Finlandia to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to Caswell Hall then Class of 1887 Gate .
avoid the Hegeman and go to the Barus Building .
go to the Friedman Hall then go College Green .
avoid the Swearer Center for Public Service until you navigate to the University Hall .
go to the Casey Shearer Memorial and then go to the Blue Room .
go to 86 Waterman  then Circle Dance Sculpture .
navigate to the Starbucks while avoiding J.W. Wilson .
go through William Goddard Memorial Gate before going to the Marcus Aurelius .
always avoid Finlandia while going to Gardner House .
go to the Van Wickle Gates then go to the Carrie Tower .
go to the 67 George , then navigate to the List Art Building .
go through the Brown University to the Brown University Sciences Library .
go to the Sharpe Refectory , then go to Kassar House .
go through John Nicholas Brown Gate on your way to the Wayland .
avoid the Class of 1872 Gate before you navigate to the Lippit House .
go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity through the The Ivy Room
avoid Idee di pietra and go to Wriston Quad .
navigate to the P-131317 always avoiding the Campus Market .
avoid the Prince Engineering Lab until you go to the Starbucks .
go to the Lot 18 while always avoiding the Rockefeller Library
go to P-131317 but always stay away from Brown Center for Students of Color .
avoid Rhode Island Hall and go to J.W. Wilson if you have reached J.W. Wilson then you can go to Rhode Island Hall .
go to Casey Shearer Memorial after navigating to the Brown Bear .
go to the Lot 17 before you navigate to Littlefield Hall .
navigate from the Lot 76 to the Wayland .
go through the Maddock Alumni  to Starbucks .
navigate to Citizen's Bank .
travel to the College Green and then go to The Ivy Room .
go to the Class of 1887 Gate before going to the Barus Building
go to Brown Center for Students of Color while avoiding the first and Minden Hall .
avoid Watson Center for Information Technology until going to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to or through Finlandia always avoid going to Minden Hall through Minden Hall
avoid the Sharpe Refectory until passing J.W. Wilson .
go to the Faunce House
proceed to the Brown Bear but do n't leave the Lot 17 .
go to the Wilbour Hall without going to Wilbour Hall .
visit Lot 17 but do n't leave the Campus Market .
go to the Circle Dance Sculpture by first visiting 86 Waterman  .
go to the Maxcy Green , then go to the Friedman Hall .
go to Hope College .
go to the Gardner House then go to Lincoln Field Building
go to Gardner House
go to Lyman Hall without going in the Finlandia
go through the Arnold Laboratory to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to the Littlefield Hall through the 86 Waterman 
avoid Hope College until you go to the Starbucks .
go to the Sharpe Refectory avoiding the Medical Research Lab . if you get to Sharpe Refectory you can then proceed to the Medical Research Lab
navigate to the Hughes Court staying on the Medical Research Lab .
go to the Lippit House before you go to Salomon Center for Teaching .
always avoid the Swearer Center for Public Service while navigating to the Lincoln Field Building .
move to anywhere on the List Art Building , then move to anywhere on the Gardner House .
always avoid going through College Green
stay on the Lot 76 while going to the P-131317 .
avoid the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences and go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to Maxcy Hall , but do not go to Wriston Quad .
avoid Prospect House until you go to Brown University Sciences Library .
first go to the 67 George and then go to Salomon Center for Teaching .
stay on the Lot 17 and go to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Brown Bear
avoid Brown University and go to the Robinson Hall .
go to the Wilbour Hall through the Barus Building .
go through the Urban Environmental Lab to Medical Research Lab .
go to the Friedman Hall through the Class of 1872 Gate
go to the Caswell Hall .
stay on the Salomon Center for Teaching and navigate to Lincoln Field Building .
go to War Memorial and avoid the Norwood House .
go to the Manning but avoid College Green .
go through the Untitled Lamp/Bear to Slater Hall .
navigate through Medical Research Lab and go to the Urban Environmental Lab .
go to the University Hall , then navigate to the John Hay Library .
navigate to Van Wickle Gates through the Hughes Court .
go to Lot 76 . then go directly to Rockefeller Library
go to the Littlefield Hall , then head to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to Maxcy Hall and then to Carrie Tower
move to Simmons Quadrangle without leaving the 67 George .
from the List Art Building , go to War Memorial directly .
go through Marston Hall before going to the Marcus Aurelius .
go to P-131317 .
go to Salomon Center for Teaching but do not first pass through Van Wickle Gates .
avoid the John Hay Library and go to the Quiet Green .
go to Quiet Green but do not first pass through Medical Research Lab .
always avoid going to Maddock Alumni  through the Sayles Hall
move to Maxcy Green and then proceed to the Medical Research Lab .
go to the War Memorial through the Robinson Gate
go to Wilbour Hall through Hegeman
move toward the Wriston Quad .
go to Rhode Island Hall
avoid Maddock Alumni  and proceed to Blue Room
avoid Van Wickle Gates until you go to Lot 18 .
go to Blue Room .
go to The Ivy Room .
avoid the Hope College and go to the Van Wickle Gates .
move to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority , travelling through the Hughes Court .
navigate to the Untitled Lamp/Bear always avoiding the Metcalf Research Building .
avoid the Littlefield Hall until going to Casey Shearer Memorial .
head to the Norwood House , but make sure to go through the Sayles Hall first .
go through Morgan Witter Rogers Gate before going to the Finlandia .
go to the Minden Hall .
always avoid Kassar House and navigate to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to Circle Dance Sculpture after navigating to the Class of 1872 Gate .
avoid the Medical Research Lab until you go to Littlefield Hall .
go to the Campus Market .
go to the Medical Research Lab while avoiding Sharpe Refectory
navigate to the Robinson Hall .
stay on the Slavery Memorial and navigate to Kassar House .
avoid Lot 76 while going to the Starbucks .
move to the Idee di pietra .
go to the Quiet Green through Class of 1872 Gate
avoid Carrie Tower and go to Sayles Hall if you have reached Sayles Hall then you can go to Carrie Tower .
go to Robinson Gate
go to the The Ivy Room while avoiding the Metcalf Research Building
go through the Medical Research Lab before navigating to Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to the Maddock Alumni  by first going to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Lyman Hall via the The Ivy Room .
go to the Quiet Green while avoiding Friedman Hall
go to University Hall , then go to Brown Bear .
go to Manning while always avoiding the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to the Simmons Quadrangle and then to Medical Research Lab .
avoid the Lot 76 and go to Minden Hall if you reached the Minden Hall , you can now go to the Lot 76 or stay on Minden Hall .
go to Walter Hall , then up to University Hall .
avoid List Art Building and go to the Urban Environmental Lab .
go to the Class of 1887 Gate and then go to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go from Slavery Memorial to John Carter Brown Library .
go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences and avoid the John Hay Library .
always go to Casey Shearer Memorial before navigating to the Lot 18 .
go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences and then to Brown Center for Students of Color
navigate to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority through the Sears .
do not go to List Art Building until going to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ
avoid the Lippit House until you go to Gardner House .
go to the 67 George .
navigate to the Carrie Tower while avoiding Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to the Prospect House
go to the Brown University Sciences Library and then go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to Lippit House through the Wriston Quad .
go to Lippit House
go to John Hay Library through the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to the Minden Hall
head to the BERT but first go to the P-131317 .
avoid Maddock Alumni  until you go to the Gardner House .
avoid the Blue Room and go to Metcalf Research Building if you reached the Metcalf Research Building , you can now go to the Blue Room or stay on Metcalf Research Building .
go to the Finlandia while always avoiding the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity
go to the Shirley Miller House first
head to the Campus Market .
move to the Wriston Quad .
travel to Sharpe Refectory .
go to Casey Shearer Memorial before going in the Mencoff Hall
go to Norwood House , before going to Untitled Lamp/Bear .
always avoid Brown University , and navigate to Barus Building .
go to John Hay Library , avoid the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall until you have been to the John Hay Library
go to the Maxcy Green through Simmons Quadrangle .
go to the College Green
go to the College Green without going to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go from the Brown Center for Students of Color to Watson Center for Information Technology
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate via the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to Saint Stephens Church .
avoid the Friedman Hall as you go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to Lot 76 but do not first go through the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Prospect House
go to BERT and then to Littlefield Hall
always avoid the Campus Market and go to Caswell Hall .
avoid Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences until going to Manning .
navigate to the J.W. Wilson through the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to Wriston Quad via the Brown University Sciences Library .
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color before going to the Van Wickle Gates
navigate to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to or through the Marcus Aurelius always avoid going through the College Green
go to the Brown Bear while always avoiding the Maddock Alumni 
go to the Brown University Sciences Library avoiding War Memorial .
first navigate to the Littlefield Hall , then make your way to the Carrie Tower .
go to Friedman Hall .
go to Mencoff Hall through Finlandia
always avoid Faunce House and go to Class of 1887 Gate
always avoid Marston Hall and go to Brown Bear .
avoid the first and Soldiers Memorial Gate and go to Norwood House .
go to the Medical Research Lab , then go to the Walter Hall .
navigate to the William Goddard Memorial Gate through the Idee di pietra .
always go to Kassar House before Casey Shearer Memorial .
always avoid Simmons Quadrangle and go to University Hall .
go to Brown Center for Students of Color before going to the Prince Engineering Lab .
go through the Manning to the Marston Hall .
go from the University Hall to The Ivy Room .
avoid the Rhode Island Hall and go to the Maxcy Hall .
go through the Maxcy Green to get to Arnold Laboratory
go to the Marston Hall and then go to the List Art Building .
go to the Hegeman
go through the Robinson Hall to Class of 1887 Gate .
go to Robinson Hall passing through the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go through the College Green and navigate to the The Ivy Room .
go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear then go to the Medical Research Lab .
navigate to Salomon Center for Teaching .
navigate to the Minden Hall , always avoiding the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to J.W. Wilson before navigating to the Maddock Alumni  .
go to Watson Center for Information Technology
go to Sayles Hall and then go to the Maxcy Hall .
go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate through the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to the Class of 1872 Gate and then go to the Carrie Tower .
go to Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to or through the University Hall always avoid going to the University Hall through Slater Hall
always go to Lippit House before navigating to the Friedman Hall .
navigate directly to Lot 76 .
from the John Carter Brown Library , navigate to the College Green .
stay on the Metcalf Research Building and go to the Rockefeller Library .
go to the Maxcy Green and avoid 86 Waterman  .
go to the Marston Hall then the Medical Research Lab .
go to the Maddock Alumni  before going to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity
go to the J.W. Wilson , then go to Lot 18 .
avoid the Shirley Miller House until after navigating to the Quiet Green .
navigate to 86 Waterman  then continue to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to Quiet Green through the Brown Center for Students of Color .
avoid the Simmons Quadrangle until going to Rhode Island Hall .
go to the 67 George .
avoid the Casey Shearer Memorial until you navigate to the Rhode Island Hall .
avoid Brown University Sciences Library and go to 67 George .
go through the Arnold Laboratory before going to Prince Engineering Lab
go to the The Ivy Room via BERT .
go to the Norwood House by avoiding Hope College and then stay in the Norwood House or continue to Hope College
go to Minden Hall then go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
move to the John Carter Brown Library by going through the Minden Hall
go to the Faunce House without ever leaving the Hope College .
avoid the Marcus Aurelius until reaching the Starbucks .
avoid the Casey Shearer Memorial until after going to the Caswell Hall .
move to Hegeman .
avoid the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate until you go to Sharpe Refectory .
avoid Walter Hall until you go to Sears .
navigate to the Prospect House always avoiding the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
avoid the Citizen's Bank until going to the Gardner House .
go to Finlandia , then go to Mencoff Hall .
go through Class of 1872 Gate then go to Class of 1887 Gate .
always avoid The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ and go to Friedman Hall .
travel to Friedman Hall .
travel to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity and then go to Van Wickle Gates .
navigate to War Memorial then continue to the Sharpe Refectory .
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority through Van Wickle Gates .
go to Starbucks through the Horace Mann House
go through the College Green to the Norwood House .
go to the Sears through the Carrie Tower
avoid Caswell Hall and proceed to Gardner House
move to anywhere on the Manning , then move to anywhere on the 67 George .
go to Lincoln Field Building but avoid Lyman Hall .
navigate to John Hay Library .
go to the Barus Building .
go to the Manning through the 86 Waterman  .
navigate directly to Untitled Lamp/Bear .
navigate to the Lot 18 while avoiding Quiet Green .
stay on the Lippit House while navigating to Rockefeller Library .
go to the Van Wickle Gates and then head to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
got to Simmons Quadrangle through the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to the Hughes Court while always avoiding the Class of 1872 Gate
go to John Nicholas Brown Gate before navigating to the Lincoln Field Building .
avoid Urban Environmental Lab and go to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority whilst avoiding the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go from the Quiet Green to the J.W. Wilson
go to the Littlefield Hall , then head to the Norwood House .
go to the Prince Engineering Lab .
go to the Brown University while avoiding the Maddock Alumni  and if you have reached the Brown University then you can go to the Maddock Alumni  .
go to Swearer Center for Public Service before going in the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate avoiding the Brown University . if you get to Soldiers Memorial Gate you can then proceed to the Brown University
go through the College Green to Caswell Hall .
go to the Simmons Quadrangle through Maxcy Hall .
avoid Untitled Lamp/Bear , and go to Brown University Sciences Library .
proceed to the Arnold Laboratory by going through the BERT .
go to the Sears before you go to List Art Building .
first go to the Starbucks and then go to Prospect House .
move to Wilbour Hall without entering the Medical Research Lab . then you may stay at Wilbour Hall or go to the Medical Research Lab .
go to the Lot 76 by first going to the John Carter Brown Library .
always go through the Manning to get to the Citizen's Bank .
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity through Campus Market
avoid Class of 1887 Gate while going to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
navigate to Blue Room .
go to Shirley Miller House .
avoid John Hay Library and go to the Carrie Tower .
avoid the second and Hope College and go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
avoid the Hope College until going to the Urban Environmental Lab .
avoid the Brown Bear until going to the Marston Hall .
go through the John Hay Library to the Hope College .
navigate to Lot 18 , always avoiding Marcus Aurelius .
avoid the John Hay Library until you go through the Van Wickle Gates .
navigate to the Littlefield Hall then continue to University Hall .
avoid Gardner House and go to Lippit House .
avoid the Lot 76 until after going to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
go through the Wayland to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching by avoiding J.W. Wilson and then stay in the Salomon Center for Teaching or continue to J.W. Wilson
navigate to the Hughes Court , always avoiding the Lot 76 .
always avoid the Soldiers Memorial Gate and go to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to the Rhode Island Hall through The Ivy Room
visit the Carrie Tower and then proceed to the Sears .
go to or through GeoChem and Macmillian Hall avoiding going through 86 Waterman 
go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences through the Finlandia
always go to Marston Hall before navigating to the J.W. Wilson .
go to Casey Shearer Memorial only through the University Hall
avoid the Salomon Center for Teaching until going to the Maxcy Green .
go to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to Lot 76
avoid the Medical Research Lab and go to the Wayland .
go to the Norwood House and then to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to the Minden Hall and then to Mencoff Hall .
go to the Shirley Miller House by going through Walter Hall .
head to the Circle Dance Sculpture avoiding Class of 1872 Gate .
avoid the Circle Dance Sculpture until going to Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to the Sayles Hall through the List Art Building .
move to the Prospect House , travelling through the Hughes Court .
go to the Brown University Sciences Library through the Sharpe Refectory .
go to the Starbucks through John Hay Library
go to the BERT without going to BERT .
navigate to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
avoid the Lot 17 and the Prospect House and go to Lot 17 .
go to the John Hay Library through BERT .
go to Manning through the The Ivy Room .
go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ and then go to the Minden Hall .
navigate to Prospect House through the Brown Bear .
avoid the Brown University Sciences Library until you go to the University Hall .
go to the Brown Bear before you go to the Metcalf Research Building .
avoid Class of 1887 Gate and go to Horace Mann House if you have reached Horace Mann House then you can go to Class of 1887 Gate .
avoid Brown University until after the Wilbour Hall
go to J.W. Wilson .
go to Carrie Tower by going through Maddock Alumni 
go to the Gardner House through the Kassar House
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ while avoiding the Quiet Green
avoid Lyman Hall on your way to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to a spot in the Manning , but do n't touch Finlandia .
go to Manning .
go to or through the Arnold Laboratory always avoid going through the Marston Hall
go to the Class of 1872 Gate by first going through the Mencoff Hall .
go to Metcalf Research Building .
navigate through John Carter Brown Library to the Slavery Memorial .
go to the Swearer Center for Public Service from the Faunce House
always avoid the Lot 76 and go to the Idee di pietra .
go to the Rockefeller Library through the Brown University Sciences Library
go to the Arnold Laboratory .
avoid Finlandia until navigating to the Sayles Hall .
always avoid going through John Carter Brown Library
advance to Gardner House but always avoid the Brown Bear .
navigate to the Lot 76 then continue to Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go through the Brown Bear before going to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop through the Littlefield Hall .
go to the Carrie Tower through the Slavery Memorial
from the Quiet Green , navigate to the Rockefeller Library .
go to a spot in the J.W. Wilson , but do n't touch Idee di pietra .
while always avoiding the John Nicholas Brown Gate , go to Slater Hall .
go to Prospect House through the Medical Research Lab .
avoid Wayland on your way to the Metcalf Research Building .
stay on the Class of 1872 Gate and go to the Hope College .
go to Robinson Hall through the Maddock Alumni  .
go through Maxcy Hall and then to the Littlefield Hall .
go to Sayles Hall , avoiding the Prospect House
go to Campus Market .
go to John Nicholas Brown Gate by going through Lippit House
avoid the Horace Mann House and go to College Green .
avoid the Idee di pietra until reaching John Hay Library .
move to the Prince Engineering Lab while avoiding the Marston Hall .
go to the Brown University , then head to the Rockefeller Library .
navigate through GeoChem and Macmillian Hall and go to the Starbucks .
avoid the 86 Waterman  until reaching John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to Van Wickle Gates through Prospect House .
go to the Blue Room then the John Hay Library .
go to the Slavery Memorial .
go to the Wayland
go to the Metcalf Research Building but avoid the Robinson Hall .
go to the University Hall through the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity after going to the Carrie Tower .
go through the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop , then make your way to Littlefield Hall .
do n't go into the Lot 18 until going to Maddock Alumni 
go from the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop to the J.W. Wilson
go to Littlefield Hall but remain on the Carrie Tower .
avoid the Soldiers Memorial Gate until going to the Barus Building .
go to the Faunce House first
from the J.W. Wilson go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
head to the Rhode Island Hall avoiding The Ivy Room .
navigate to the Prospect House and avoid Shirley Miller House .
avoid the first and War Memorial and go to Prospect House .
go through the Minden Hall to Norwood House .
avoid Horace Mann House until you go to the Faunce House .
visit the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology and then proceed to the Shirley Miller House .
go to the Prospect House .
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate
go to the Sears and then go to Wayland .
avoid Urban Environmental Lab and go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go from the Prince Engineering Lab to Casey Shearer Memorial
go to the Barus Building .
navigate through Brown Bear and go to the Arnold Laboratory .
move to the Circle Dance Sculpture avoiding John Nicholas Brown Gate if you got to the Circle Dance Sculpture then you can continue to John Nicholas Brown Gate .
remain on the Brown Bear and go directly to the Brown University .
go to Van Wickle Gates through the Slater Hall .
always avoid the John Hay Library and go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to the P-131317 while always avoiding the Brown Bear .
avoid 67 George until you go to the 86 Waterman  .
navigate to the Gardner House always avoiding the Manning .
navigate to Casey Shearer Memorial , always avoiding Class of 1887 Gate .
go from Faunce House to Carrie Tower .
go to Starbucks
go through the Swearer Center for Public Service before navigating to Maxcy Hall .
go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology through Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to the Hughes Court avoiding the Hughes Court . if you reached the Metcalf Research Building you can stay there , or head to the Hughes Court .
go to Walter Hall then Salomon Center for Teaching .
navigate to the Friedman Hall .
go to the Hughes Court through the Salomon Center for Teaching
navigate through Norwood House then go to Rhode Island Hall .
go to Arnold Laboratory through the Maddock Alumni  .
avoid the Medical Research Lab until reaching the Saint Stephens Church .
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color before going to the Sayles Hall
go through the Arnold Laboratory before going to the Citizen's Bank .
avoid P-131317 and proceed to Salomon Center for Teaching
go to or through List Art Building always avoid going to Slater Hall through Slater Hall
navigate directly to Friedman Hall .
go to Rhode Island Hall
go through the Mencoff Hall first , then go to the Hughes Court .
avoid the Circle Dance Sculpture until you go through the Campus Market .
move to the Caswell Hall .
navigate to the Maxcy Hall always avoiding the Wriston Quad .
go to the Barus Building through the Slavery Memorial
always avoid going through Finlandia
always avoid going to University Hall through the 86 Waterman 
go to the Brown Bear .
go to John Hay Library while staying on the Friedman Hall .
go to the College Green while avoiding Saint Stephens Church and the Saint Stephens Church
avoid the Medical Research Lab before you navigate to the John Hay Library .
go to the P-131317 .
avoid going through Littlefield Hall until you go through the Idee di pietra .
always avoid the Shirley Miller House , go to the Arnold Laboratory .
go to the List Art Building through the Lot 18 .
always avoid going to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall through the Finlandia
navigate to the Brown Bear , and then navigate to the Urban Environmental Lab .
go through Class of 1872 Gate before going to the Starbucks .
go to Watson Center for Information Technology but avoid Brown Bear .
avoid GeoChem and Macmillian Hall and go to the Hughes Court .
move to the Slater Hall while avoiding the Watson Center for Information Technology .
avoid Mencoff Hall until navigating to Littlefield Hall .
move to Faunce House from the Hope College .
avoid Campus Market until going to Saint Stephens Church .
avoid Maxcy Green , and go to Norwood House .
navigate to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to Sayles Hall without going into the Lot 18
avoid the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences and go to Sears
go to List Art Building .
always avoid Marcus Aurelius and go to Citizen's Bank .
go to the Sears without touching Medical Research Lab .
go through the Starbucks to the Simmons Quadrangle .
move to the Friedman Hall , travelling through the Walter Hall .
go to Wriston Quad
navigate to Slater Hall through the Brown University .
avoid the Walter Hall until BERT .
avoid Wriston Quad until you go to the Lippit House .
go through Lot 18 before going to the Brown Bear .
go to the Robinson Hall without going through the Kassar House . if you reached the Robinson Hall then you can go to the Kassar House , or be done .
go to Quiet Green by avoiding the Rockefeller Library and then stay there or continue to the Rockefeller Library .
move to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity but avoid 67 George .
go to the Class of 1887 Gate while avoiding War Memorial and the War Memorial
avoid the Watson Center for Information Technology until going to Sharpe Refectory .
navigate from the Faunce House to the 67 George .
go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority by first going to the Simmons Quadrangle .
avoid the first and Van Wickle Gates and go to Barus Building .
go through the Horace Mann House to the Sears .
go to the Casey Shearer Memorial and avoid Faunce House .
go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority before going to Starbucks .
head to the P-131317 , but make sure to go through the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority first .
navigate to Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to The Ivy Room through the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop
