get to Sidney Frank Hall , while avoiding 219 Bowen
get to College Hill Bookstore , while avoiding Pembroke Hall
get to Brown University Bookstore , while avoiding Berk's;Shanghai
get to Pembroke Hall , while avoiding Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building
get to New Pembroke 1 , while avoiding Metcalf Hall
go to Morriss Hall without first passing through Peter Green House .
go to Sharpe House without first passing through 164 Angel .
go to East Side Station Post Office without first passing through Peter Green House .
go to Andreas without first passing through Alumnae Hall .
go to New Pembroke 2 without first passing through Thayer and Meeting .
go to Berk's;Shanghai without first passing through Emery & Wooley .
go to New Pembroke 1 without first passing through Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to East Side Station Post Office without first passing through Granoff Center .
go to Thayer and Meeting without first passing through Avon Cinema .
go to Emery Hall without first passing through Miller Hall .
go to New Pembroke 3 without first passing through Metcalf Hall .
go to Andrews Hall before Second Time Around .
go to Blue State Coffee before Miller Hall .
go to Thayer and Meeting before Metcalf Hall .
go to 219 Bowen before Second Time Around .
go to New Pembroke 1 before Blue State Coffee .
go to Emery & Wooley before Sidney Frank Hall .
go to Pembroke Park before Spiritus Fermenti .
avoid Andrews Terrace and go to Avon Cinema if you 've reached Avon Cinema then you can go to Andrews Terrace .
avoid Miller Hall and go to Berk's;Shanghai if you 've reached Berk's;Shanghai then you can go to Miller Hall .
avoid Morriss Hall and go to Emery Hall if you 've reached Emery Hall then you can go to Morriss Hall .
avoid Emery Hall and go to Supercuts if you 've reached Supercuts then you can go to Emery Hall .
avoid Soban and go to Andrews Terrace if you 've reached Andrews Terrace then you can go to Soban .
avoid New Pembroke 1 and go to Morriss Hall if you 've reached Morriss Hall then you can go to New Pembroke 1 .
avoid Second Time Around and go to Hillel House if you 've reached Hillel House then you can go to Second Time Around .
avoid Morriss Hall and go to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building if you 've reached Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building then you can go to Morriss Hall .
avoid Verney-Woolley Hall and go to Granoff Center if you 've reached Granoff Center then you can go to Verney-Woolley Hall .
avoid East Side Station Post Office and go to Spiritus Fermenti if you 've reached Spiritus Fermenti then you can go to East Side Station Post Office .
avoid Soban and go to Metcalf Hall if you 've reached Metcalf Hall then you can go to Soban .
avoid 164 Angel until going to Andrews Terrace .
avoid Pembroke Park until going to Facing Thayer .
avoid 164 Angel until going to Meeting Street Cafe .
avoid Emery & Wooley until going to Brown University Bookstore .
avoid 219 Bowen until going to J. R. Workman Garden .
avoid East Side Station Post Office until going to College Hill Bookstore .
avoid Sidney Frank Hall until going to Thayer and Meeting .
avoid Emery Hall until going to New Pembroke 4 .
avoid Metcalf Hall until going to J. R. Workman Garden .
avoid 111 Brown Street North House until going to Hillel House .
avoid Avon Cinema until going to Andrews Hall .
avoid 111 Brown Street North House until you navigate to J. R. Workman Garden .
avoid Facing Thayer until you navigate to Andrews Terrace .
avoid Alumnae Hall until you navigate to J. R. Workman Garden .
avoid West House until you navigate to 219 Bowen .
avoid Pembroke Park until you navigate to Biomedical Center .
go to College Hill Bookstore before going to Meeting Street Cafe
go to Salon Persia before going to West House
go to Pembroke Park before going to Morriss Hall
go to Hillel House before going to West House
go to Pembroke Park before going to Salon Persia
go to Andreas before going to Berk's;Shanghai
go to East Side Station Post Office before going to Pembroke Park
go to Biomedical Center before going to Salon Persia
avoid Facing Thayer until after reaching Hillel House .
avoid Thayer and Meeting until after reaching Blue State Coffee .
avoid Facing Thayer until after reaching Sidney Frank Hall .
avoid West House until after reaching Peter Green House .
avoid Sidney Frank Hall until after reaching Biomedical Center .
avoid J. R. Workman Garden until after reaching Thayer and Meeting .
avoid Peter Green House until after reaching West House .
avoid Brown University Bookstore until after reaching Soban .
go to or through College Hill Bookstore avoiding going through Salon Persia
go to or through Second Time Around avoiding going through Soban
go to or through Andreas avoiding going through 219 Bowen
go to or through Second Time Around avoiding going through East Side Station Post Office
go to or through 111 Brown Street North House avoiding going through Spiritus Fermenti
go to or through New Pembroke 4 avoiding going through Thayer and Meeting
go to or through Salon Persia avoiding going through New Pembroke 4
go to or through New Pembroke 2 avoiding going through Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building
go to or through CVS avoiding going through Emery & Wooley
go to or through Soban avoiding going through 164 Angel
go to or through Emery & Wooley avoiding going through Andrews Terrace
go to or through Andreas avoiding going through Miller Hall
avoid Pembroke Hall and go to West House if you have reached West House then you can go to Pembroke Hall .
avoid Supercuts and go to Smith Buonanno Hall if you have reached Smith Buonanno Hall then you can go to Supercuts .
avoid Peter Green House and go to Biomedical Center if you have reached Biomedical Center then you can go to Peter Green House .
avoid Smith Buonanno Hall and go to College Hill Bookstore if you have reached College Hill Bookstore then you can go to Smith Buonanno Hall .
avoid Berk's;Shanghai and go to Champlin Hall if you have reached Champlin Hall then you can go to Berk's;Shanghai .
avoid Sharpe House and go to Smith Buonanno Hall if you have reached Smith Buonanno Hall then you can go to Sharpe House .
avoid Metcalf Hall and go to Andrews Hall if you have reached Andrews Hall then you can go to Metcalf Hall .
avoid Biomedical Center until going to Avon Cinema .
avoid 164 Angel until going to Andreas .
avoid 111 Brown Street North House until going to New Pembroke 2 .
avoid Biomedical Center until going to New Pembroke 1 .
avoid Miller Hall until going to Pleasant Surprises .
avoid Morriss Hall until going to Sidney Frank Hall .
avoid Metcalf Hall until going to Champlin Hall .
go to Granoff Center then Spiritus Fermenti .
go to Champlin Hall then West House .
go to CVS then Metcalf Hall .
go to Metcalf Hall then Blue State Coffee .
go to Smith Buonanno Hall then Brown University Bookstore .
go to Emery & Wooley then Berk's;Shanghai .
go to J. R. Workman Garden then Pembroke Hall .
avoid Champlin Hall until you have passed through Peter Green House
avoid East Side Station Post Office until you have passed through New Pembroke 4
avoid Second Time Around until you have passed through Andreas
avoid Second Time Around until you have passed through Sidney Frank Hall
avoid Peter Green House until you have passed through 111 Brown Street North House
avoid Thayer and Cushing until you have passed through New Pembroke 3
avoid Facing Thayer until you go to New Pembroke 1 .
avoid Peter Green House until you go to Andrews Terrace .
avoid CVS until you go to Alumnae Hall .
avoid Salon Persia until you go to Verney-Woolley Hall .
avoid CVS until you go to Peter Green House .
avoid Emery Hall until you go to J. R. Workman Garden .
avoid J. R. Workman Garden until you go to Facing Thayer .
avoid 219 Bowen until you go to Sharpe House .
avoid Alumnae Hall until you go to East Side Station Post Office .
avoid Salon Persia until navigating to Peter Green House .
avoid New Pembroke 4 until navigating to Morriss Hall .
avoid Emery & Wooley until navigating to Hillel House .
avoid New Pembroke 4 until navigating to Morriss Hall .
avoid Sidney Frank Hall until navigating to Supercuts .
avoid Spiritus Fermenti until navigating to Emery & Wooley .
avoid Hillel House until navigating to Meeting Street Cafe .
avoid 219 Bowen until navigating to West House .
avoid Peter Green House until navigating to Emery & Wooley .
avoid Andrews Hall until navigating to Soban .
go to 219 Bowen before going to Pembroke Hall
go to Peter Green House before going to Thayer and Meeting
go to Avon Cinema before going to Verney-Woolley Hall
go to Thayer and Cushing before going to West House
go to Thayer and Meeting before going to 111 Brown Street North House
go to Salon Persia before going to Verney-Woolley Hall
go to Soban before going to Spiritus Fermenti
go to CVS before going to Berk's;Shanghai
go to 111 Brown Street North House before going to Berk's;Shanghai
go to Pleasant Surprises before going to Peter Green House
go to Biomedical Center but do not first pass through Blue State Coffee .
go to Pembroke Park but do not first pass through Meeting Street Cafe .
go to Granoff Center but do not first pass through Thayer and Meeting .
go to Sidney Frank Hall but do not first pass through Biomedical Center .
go to Metcalf Hall but do not first pass through Avon Cinema .
go to New Pembroke 1 but do not first pass through Miller Hall .
go to Granoff Center but do not first pass through Brown University Bookstore .
go to Morriss Hall but do not first pass through Peter Green House .
go to Verney-Woolley Hall but do not first pass through CVS .
go to Andreas but do not first pass through 219 Bowen .
avoid Supercuts until going to Avon Cinema .
avoid 219 Bowen until going to Andrews Hall .
avoid Peter Green House until going to Brown University Bookstore .
avoid West House until going to New Pembroke 4 .
avoid Pembroke Hall until going to Second Time Around .
avoid Emery & Wooley until after you go to New Pembroke 4 .
avoid Morriss Hall until after you go to Pleasant Surprises .
avoid Sidney Frank Hall until after you go to New Pembroke 2 .
avoid East Side Station Post Office until after you go to Champlin Hall .
avoid Second Time Around until after you go to East Side Station Post Office .
avoid Emery & Wooley until after you go to Sidney Frank Hall .
avoid Granoff Center until going to Verney-Woolley Hall .
avoid Salon Persia until going to Avon Cinema .
avoid Berk's;Shanghai until going to East Side Station Post Office .
avoid East Side Station Post Office until going to Thayer and Meeting .
avoid 219 Bowen until going to 164 Angel .
avoid Meeting Street Cafe until going to 219 Bowen .
go to or through 164 Angel always avoid going to Alumnae Hall through Alumnae Hall
go to or through 111 Brown Street North House always avoid going to Smith Buonanno Hall through Smith Buonanno Hall
go to or through Thayer and Meeting always avoid going to Emery & Wooley through Emery & Wooley
go to or through Granoff Center always avoid going to Emery Hall through Emery Hall
go to or through Second Time Around always avoid going to Supercuts through Supercuts
go to or through Alumnae Hall always avoid going to Second Time Around through Second Time Around
go to or through New Pembroke 3 always avoid going to Andrews Hall through Andrews Hall
go to or through Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building always avoid going to New Pembroke 4 through New Pembroke 4
go to or through Smith Buonanno Hall always avoid going to 164 Angel through 164 Angel
go to or through Granoff Center always avoid going to Berk's;Shanghai through Berk's;Shanghai
go to or through Granoff Center always avoid going to Pembroke Park through Pembroke Park
go to or through Avon Cinema always avoid going to Meeting Street Cafe through Meeting Street Cafe
proceed to Hillel House but avoid Peter Green House on the way . if you have reached Hillel House then you can proceed to Peter Green House .
proceed to Champlin Hall but avoid West House on the way . if you have reached Champlin Hall then you can proceed to West House .
proceed to New Pembroke 3 but avoid Biomedical Center on the way . if you have reached New Pembroke 3 then you can proceed to Biomedical Center .
proceed to Smith Buonanno Hall but avoid Thayer and Meeting on the way . if you have reached Smith Buonanno Hall then you can proceed to Thayer and Meeting .
proceed to Miller Hall but avoid Emery Hall on the way . if you have reached Miller Hall then you can proceed to Emery Hall .
proceed to Granoff Center but avoid Champlin Hall on the way . if you have reached Granoff Center then you can proceed to Champlin Hall .
proceed to New Pembroke 4 but avoid Sidney Frank Hall on the way . if you have reached New Pembroke 4 then you can proceed to Sidney Frank Hall .
proceed to Brown University Bookstore but avoid Miller Hall on the way . if you have reached Brown University Bookstore then you can proceed to Miller Hall .
proceed to Meeting Street Cafe but avoid Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building on the way . if you have reached Meeting Street Cafe then you can proceed to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
avoid Champlin Hall until you go to Alumnae Hall .
avoid Brown University Bookstore until you go to J. R. Workman Garden .
avoid College Hill Bookstore until you go to Brown University Bookstore .
avoid Hillel House until you go to Thayer and Cushing .
avoid Peter Green House until you go to Soban .
avoid Sidney Frank Hall until you go to Granoff Center .
avoid Verney-Woolley Hall until you go to New Pembroke 3 .
avoid Spiritus Fermenti until going to CVS .
avoid Thayer and Cushing until going to Alumnae Hall .
avoid J. R. Workman Garden until going to New Pembroke 2 .
avoid Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building until going to Soban .
avoid Hillel House until going to East Side Station Post Office .
avoid Pembroke Park until going to West House .
avoid Brown University Bookstore until going to Blue State Coffee .
avoid Thayer and Cushing until going to Andrews Terrace .
avoid East Side Station Post Office until going to J. R. Workman Garden .
avoid Supercuts until going to Pleasant Surprises .
avoid 164 Angel until going to Sidney Frank Hall .
avoid 219 Bowen until going to Miller Hall .
avoid Miller Hall until you go to Sidney Frank Hall .
avoid Thayer and Meeting until you go to College Hill Bookstore .
avoid 164 Angel until you go to Morriss Hall .
avoid Sharpe House until you go to Sidney Frank Hall .
avoid Metcalf Hall until you go to Soban .
avoid Sidney Frank Hall until you go to Avon Cinema .
avoid Supercuts until you go to Meeting Street Cafe .
avoid Sidney Frank Hall until you go to 111 Brown Street North House .
avoid Sidney Frank Hall until you go to Brown University Bookstore .
avoid Metcalf Hall until you go to Thayer and Meeting .
avoid Pembroke Hall until you go to Berk's;Shanghai .
avoid Pembroke Hall until you go to Alumnae Hall .
avoid Champlin Hall until you go to Andreas .
avoid Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building until you go to Smith Buonanno Hall .
avoid Meeting Street Cafe and go to Pembroke Park if you reached Pembroke Park then you can go to Meeting Street Cafe .
avoid 219 Bowen and go to Emery Hall if you reached Emery Hall then you can go to 219 Bowen .
avoid Supercuts and go to Berk's;Shanghai if you reached Berk's;Shanghai then you can go to Supercuts .
avoid West House and go to Facing Thayer if you reached Facing Thayer then you can go to West House .
avoid Biomedical Center and go to New Pembroke 3 if you reached New Pembroke 3 then you can go to Biomedical Center .
navigate to the Emery & Wooley before you go to East Side Station Post Office .
navigate to the West House before you go to Berk's;Shanghai .
navigate to the Brown University Bookstore before you go to Verney-Woolley Hall .
navigate to the Berk's;Shanghai before you go to Spiritus Fermenti .
navigate to the East Side Station Post Office before you go to Andreas .
navigate to the Verney-Woolley Hall before you go to Granoff Center .
navigate to the Emery & Wooley before you go to J. R. Workman Garden .
navigate to the Emery Hall before you go to 219 Bowen .
head to Thayer and Meeting after going to the Champlin Hall .
head to Brown University Bookstore after going to the Thayer and Meeting .
head to Second Time Around after going to the Biomedical Center .
head to New Pembroke 1 after going to the New Pembroke 2 .
head to Facing Thayer after going to the Sharpe House .
head to Biomedical Center after going to the Soban .
head to New Pembroke 4 after going to the Pembroke Park .
head to Hillel House after going to the Morriss Hall .
head to Salon Persia after going to the New Pembroke 2 .
head to 219 Bowen after going to the Thayer and Meeting .
head to Andrews Hall after going to the Thayer and Cushing .
head to Alumnae Hall after going to the East Side Station Post Office .
navigate to Emery & Wooley through the 111 Brown Street North House .
navigate to Salon Persia through the Andrews Terrace .
navigate to Emery Hall through the Miller Hall .
navigate to Miller Hall through the Emery & Wooley .
navigate to Brown University Bookstore through the Avon Cinema .
navigate to 219 Bowen through the Andrews Hall .
always go through the East Side Station Post Office and then to College Hill Bookstore .
always go through the Facing Thayer and then to Morriss Hall .
always go through the Supercuts and then to Emery & Wooley .
always go through the College Hill Bookstore and then to Granoff Center .
always go through the J. R. Workman Garden and then to Andreas .
always go through the Andrews Terrace and then to Spiritus Fermenti .
always go through the New Pembroke 3 and then to Champlin Hall .
go through the West House to Andreas .
go through the Salon Persia to New Pembroke 1 .
go through the Second Time Around to Morriss Hall .
go through the Smith Buonanno Hall to College Hill Bookstore .
go through the Smith Buonanno Hall to Salon Persia .
go through the J. R. Workman Garden to Biomedical Center .
go through the East Side Station Post Office to Andrews Hall .
go through the Sharpe House to New Pembroke 2 .
go through the Andrews Terrace to Blue State Coffee .
go through the 219 Bowen to Second Time Around .
go through the New Pembroke 3 to Morriss Hall .
go through the Andrews Hall to Champlin Hall .
go to the Champlin Hall , then go to Blue State Coffee .
go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building , then go to Salon Persia .
go to the Andreas , then go to Morriss Hall .
go to the Andrews Hall , then go to Avon Cinema .
go to the Champlin Hall , then go to Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to the Second Time Around , then go to Andrews Hall .
go to the Meeting Street Cafe , then go to Emery & Wooley .
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall , then go to Avon Cinema .
navigate to Morriss Hall through the Sidney Frank Hall .
navigate to Biomedical Center through the Thayer and Cushing .
navigate to Emery & Wooley through the Verney-Woolley Hall .
navigate to New Pembroke 3 through the Morriss Hall .
navigate to Pembroke Park through the West House .
navigate to Avon Cinema through the College Hill Bookstore .
navigate to Andrews Hall through the Emery & Wooley .
navigate to Sidney Frank Hall through the West House .
navigate to Sharpe House through the Spiritus Fermenti .
navigate to Brown University Bookstore through the Pleasant Surprises .
go to Miller Hall through the Biomedical Center
go to Andrews Hall through the Spiritus Fermenti
go to Pembroke Hall through the Metcalf Hall
go to Sidney Frank Hall through the Spiritus Fermenti
go to J. R. Workman Garden through the Thayer and Meeting
go to Facing Thayer through the Avon Cinema
go to Emery & Wooley through the 111 Brown Street North House
go to Champlin Hall through the Pembroke Hall
go to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building through the J. R. Workman Garden
go to Andrews Terrace through the West House
go to Miller Hall through the Salon Persia .
go to New Pembroke 1 through the Berk's;Shanghai .
go to Emery Hall through the Peter Green House .
go to Second Time Around through the Spiritus Fermenti .
go to New Pembroke 3 through the 219 Bowen .
go to Morriss Hall through the Soban .
go to Salon Persia through the Granoff Center .
go to Emery & Wooley through the 219 Bowen .
go to Hillel House through the CVS .
go to Champlin Hall through the J. R. Workman Garden .
go to Morriss Hall through the Sharpe House .
go to Emery & Wooley through the Champlin Hall .
navigate to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building then continue to 164 Angel .
navigate to the Sharpe House then continue to Peter Green House .
navigate to the Andrews Hall then continue to Sidney Frank Hall .
navigate to the Brown University Bookstore then continue to Blue State Coffee .
navigate to the Smith Buonanno Hall then continue to CVS .
navigate to the Champlin Hall then continue to Miller Hall .
navigate to the East Side Station Post Office then continue to 111 Brown Street North House .
navigate to the Hillel House then continue to 219 Bowen .
navigate to the Andrews Hall then continue to CVS .
navigate to the Pleasant Surprises then continue to Andrews Terrace .
go through the Biomedical Center to Berk's;Shanghai .
go through the 111 Brown Street North House to 219 Bowen .
go through the Pembroke Park to Verney-Woolley Hall .
go through the Soban to West House .
go through the Emery & Wooley to Morriss Hall .
go through the Andreas to CVS .
go through the Miller Hall to Second Time Around .
go through the Biomedical Center to West House .
go through the Smith Buonanno Hall to Sidney Frank Hall .
go through the Thayer and Meeting to CVS .
go through the Smith Buonanno Hall to Miller Hall .
go to the Second Time Around , then proceed to 219 Bowen .
go to the New Pembroke 4 , then proceed to Peter Green House .
go to the CVS , then proceed to Meeting Street Cafe .
go to the 164 Angel , then proceed to New Pembroke 1 .
go to the Facing Thayer , then proceed to West House .
go to the Meeting Street Cafe , then proceed to Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to the West House , then proceed to 111 Brown Street North House .
go to the Smith Buonanno Hall , then proceed to Facing Thayer .
go to the West House , then proceed to Miller Hall .
go to the Pembroke Park , then proceed to Second Time Around .
go to the J. R. Workman Garden before you go to Sharpe House .
go to the 219 Bowen before you go to Miller Hall .
go to the Second Time Around before you go to Soban .
go to the CVS before you go to Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the Avon Cinema before you go to 111 Brown Street North House .
go to the Hillel House before you go to Berk's;Shanghai .
go to the Granoff Center before you go to Berk's;Shanghai .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall before you go to Salon Persia .
first go to the Andreas and then go to Second Time Around .
first go to the Second Time Around and then go to Smith Buonanno Hall .
first go to the College Hill Bookstore and then go to Emery & Wooley .
first go to the Peter Green House and then go to Andrews Hall .
first go to the Andreas and then go to Biomedical Center .
move to the Morriss Hall and then move to 164 Angel .
move to the Brown University Bookstore and then move to Emery & Wooley .
move to the Andreas and then move to Morriss Hall .
move to the Blue State Coffee and then move to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
move to the Alumnae Hall and then move to Andrews Terrace .
move to the 164 Angel and then move to Pembroke Park .
move to the Soban and then move to 111 Brown Street North House .
move to the Morriss Hall and then move to Meeting Street Cafe .
move to the Emery & Wooley and then move to Soban .
move to the Smith Buonanno Hall and then move to Facing Thayer .
move to the 164 Angel and then move to CVS .
always go through the Andreas before going to Second Time Around .
always go through the Pembroke Hall before going to Spiritus Fermenti .
always go through the Biomedical Center before going to 164 Angel .
always go through the Verney-Woolley Hall before going to West House .
always go through the Sharpe House before going to Blue State Coffee .
always go through the Peter Green House before going to Supercuts .
always go through the Alumnae Hall before going to Metcalf Hall .
always go through the College Hill Bookstore before going to New Pembroke 2 .
always go through the Andrews Terrace before going to Pembroke Park .
go to the 219 Bowen and then go to Pembroke Hall .
go to the Alumnae Hall and then go to New Pembroke 4 .
go to the Supercuts and then go to CVS .
go to the New Pembroke 4 and then go to Meeting Street Cafe .
go to the 111 Brown Street North House and then go to Granoff Center .
go to the Spiritus Fermenti and then go to Biomedical Center .
go to the Brown University Bookstore and then go to J. R. Workman Garden .
go through the Sidney Frank Hall to Berk's;Shanghai .
go through the Brown University Bookstore to Sidney Frank Hall .
go through the Berk's;Shanghai to 111 Brown Street North House .
go through the Sidney Frank Hall to Brown University Bookstore .
go through the Granoff Center to Andrews Terrace .
go through the Avon Cinema to CVS .
go through the Sharpe House to J. R. Workman Garden .
go through the Avon Cinema to Alumnae Hall .
go through the Granoff Center to Second Time Around .
go through the Champlin Hall to Peter Green House .
go through the Thayer and Cushing to New Pembroke 4 .
go through the Thayer and Meeting to Peter Green House .
go to Champlin Hall through the Morriss Hall .
go to West House through the Pembroke Hall .
go to Verney-Woolley Hall through the CVS .
go to CVS through the Emery Hall .
go to Verney-Woolley Hall through the J. R. Workman Garden .
go to Granoff Center through the Peter Green House .
go to J. R. Workman Garden through the Supercuts .
go to Sidney Frank Hall through the Pembroke Hall .
go to 164 Angel through the Peter Green House
go to Morriss Hall through the Thayer and Cushing
go to East Side Station Post Office through the Pembroke Park
go to Sharpe House through the Miller Hall
go to Metcalf Hall through the CVS
go to Spiritus Fermenti through the 164 Angel
go through the 111 Brown Street North House , then make your way to Thayer and Meeting .
go through the New Pembroke 3 , then make your way to Soban .
go through the Salon Persia , then make your way to Andrews Terrace .
go through the Metcalf Hall , then make your way to Sharpe House .
go through the Blue State Coffee , then make your way to New Pembroke 1 .
go through the 219 Bowen , then make your way to Metcalf Hall .
go through the New Pembroke 2 , then make your way to Spiritus Fermenti .
go through the Thayer and Cushing , then make your way to Soban .
go through the Alumnae Hall , then make your way to Sharpe House .
go through the Andrews Terrace , then make your way to 111 Brown Street North House .
go to Biomedical Center through the Emery & Wooley .
go to Soban through the Hillel House .
go to Emery Hall through the Soban .
go to Emery & Wooley through the Alumnae Hall .
go to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building through the New Pembroke 4 .
go to Pembroke Park through the Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to Sidney Frank Hall through the Berk's;Shanghai .
go to New Pembroke 4 through the Andrews Hall .
go to West House through the Pembroke Park .
go through the Thayer and Cushing before navigating to New Pembroke 1 .
go through the Blue State Coffee before navigating to Sharpe House .
go through the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building before navigating to West House .
go through the Metcalf Hall before navigating to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go through the Hillel House before navigating to 111 Brown Street North House .
always go through the Sidney Frank Hall before going to West House .
always go through the Smith Buonanno Hall before going to Alumnae Hall .
always go through the 164 Angel before going to Thayer and Meeting .
always go through the 164 Angel before going to Andreas .
always go through the Alumnae Hall before going to Sidney Frank Hall .
always go through the Morriss Hall before going to Alumnae Hall .
always go through the Peter Green House before going to Emery & Wooley .
always go through the West House before going to East Side Station Post Office .
always go through the New Pembroke 2 before going to Blue State Coffee .
always go through the Berk's;Shanghai before going to Sharpe House .
always go through the Andrews Terrace before going to 164 Angel .
always go through the Facing Thayer before going to Thayer and Cushing .
go to Salon Persia through the Avon Cinema
go to West House through the Granoff Center
go to J. R. Workman Garden through the Spiritus Fermenti
go to Second Time Around through the New Pembroke 2
go to Metcalf Hall through the Pembroke Hall
go through the Andreas before going to Peter Green House
go through the Smith Buonanno Hall before going to Soban
go through the 164 Angel before going to Andrews Terrace
go through the Andrews Hall before going to Hillel House
go through the Andrews Hall before going to Sidney Frank Hall
go through the Peter Green House before going to Granoff Center
go through the Verney-Woolley Hall before going to Sidney Frank Hall
move to the J. R. Workman Garden first then travel to Andrews Terrace .
move to the Miller Hall first then travel to Sharpe House .
move to the Thayer and Cushing first then travel to New Pembroke 1 .
move to the Champlin Hall first then travel to New Pembroke 2 .
move to the Sidney Frank Hall first then travel to Facing Thayer .
move to the Salon Persia first then travel to Morriss Hall .
move to the Spiritus Fermenti first then travel to Andrews Hall .
move to the Andrews Terrace first then travel to Meeting Street Cafe .
move to the Verney-Woolley Hall first then travel to Soban .
move to the Miller Hall first then travel to Second Time Around .
move to the Pembroke Hall first then travel to Verney-Woolley Hall .
move to the Meeting Street Cafe first then travel to New Pembroke 1 .
go to the Emery Hall before you go to Sharpe House .
go to the CVS before you go to Alumnae Hall .
go to the CVS before you go to Facing Thayer .
go to the Thayer and Meeting before you go to Second Time Around .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall before you go to Champlin Hall .
go to the Morriss Hall before you go to Soban .
go to the Emery & Wooley before you go to Avon Cinema .
go to the Supercuts before you go to College Hill Bookstore .
go to the Brown University Bookstore before you go to Emery Hall .
go to the Miller Hall before you go to West House .
move to Emery & Wooley , but go through the Andrews Hall first .
move to Verney-Woolley Hall , but go through the Alumnae Hall first .
move to 219 Bowen , but go through the Brown University Bookstore first .
move to Miller Hall , but go through the Pembroke Hall first .
move to Hillel House , but go through the Spiritus Fermenti first .
move to Champlin Hall , but go through the Miller Hall first .
move to Verney-Woolley Hall , but go through the Champlin Hall first .
move to West House , but go through the Morriss Hall first .
move to Blue State Coffee , but go through the Pembroke Hall first .
move to Soban , but go through the Spiritus Fermenti first .
move to New Pembroke 4 , but go through the College Hill Bookstore first .
go to New Pembroke 4 through the Avon Cinema .
go to 164 Angel through the Avon Cinema .
go to Spiritus Fermenti through the West House .
go to Sidney Frank Hall through the J. R. Workman Garden .
go to Hillel House through the Meeting Street Cafe .
go to Metcalf Hall through the Avon Cinema .
go to Soban through the Andrews Terrace .
go to 164 Angel through the Pleasant Surprises .
go to Verney-Woolley Hall through the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to or through the 219 Bowen . always avoid going to the 219 Bowen through New Pembroke 4
go to or through the Morriss Hall . always avoid going to the Morriss Hall through CVS
go to or through the Sidney Frank Hall . always avoid going to the Sidney Frank Hall through Biomedical Center
go to or through the Peter Green House . always avoid going to the Peter Green House through Thayer and Meeting
go to or through the Emery & Wooley . always avoid going to the Emery & Wooley through Andreas
go to or through the Miller Hall . always avoid going to the Miller Hall through Thayer and Cushing
go to or through the West House . always avoid going to the West House through Pembroke Hall
go to or through the Sidney Frank Hall . always avoid going to the Sidney Frank Hall through Miller Hall
go to or through the 111 Brown Street North House . always avoid going to the 111 Brown Street North House through Andreas
go to or through the Emery Hall . always avoid going to the Emery Hall through Spiritus Fermenti
go to or through the 111 Brown Street North House . always avoid going to the 111 Brown Street North House through College Hill Bookstore
avoid New Pembroke 1 until you go to the Brown University Bookstore .
avoid Andrews Hall until you go to the Thayer and Cushing .
avoid Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building until you go to the Second Time Around .
avoid Granoff Center until you go to the Spiritus Fermenti .
avoid Pembroke Park until you go to the New Pembroke 1 .
avoid Miller Hall until you go to the Avon Cinema .
avoid Peter Green House until you go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
avoid Berk's;Shanghai until you go to the Andrews Hall .
avoid Pleasant Surprises until you go to the Miller Hall .
avoid New Pembroke 3 until you go to the 111 Brown Street North House .
avoid Sidney Frank Hall until you go to the CVS .
avoid Morriss Hall until after the Andrews Hall
avoid Verney-Woolley Hall until after the Pembroke Hall
avoid Morriss Hall until after the 164 Angel
avoid Salon Persia until after the 219 Bowen
avoid Emery & Wooley until after the Blue State Coffee
go to Andrews Terrace , before going to New Pembroke 1 .
go to Alumnae Hall , before going to 219 Bowen .
go to New Pembroke 2 , before going to Emery Hall .
go to Soban , before going to Morriss Hall .
go to J. R. Workman Garden , before going to College Hill Bookstore .
avoid Andrews Terrace until going to the 111 Brown Street North House .
avoid Blue State Coffee until going to the Peter Green House .
avoid Andrews Hall until going to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
avoid Andreas until going to the Thayer and Meeting .
avoid Champlin Hall until going to the New Pembroke 4 .
avoid Smith Buonanno Hall until going to the Avon Cinema .
avoid CVS until going to the Sharpe House .
avoid Sidney Frank Hall until going to the New Pembroke 4 .
avoid New Pembroke 2 until going to the Champlin Hall .
avoid Soban until going to the New Pembroke 4 .
avoid Sharpe House until going to the J. R. Workman Garden .
go through the Avon Cinema before going to Pembroke Hall
go through the Facing Thayer before going to Miller Hall
go through the Pleasant Surprises before going to Smith Buonanno Hall
go through the College Hill Bookstore before going to Biomedical Center
go through the Sharpe House before going to Thayer and Meeting
go through the Facing Thayer before going to Blue State Coffee
go through the East Side Station Post Office before going to Smith Buonanno Hall
go through the West House before going to Andreas
always avoid Brown University Bookstore and go through the Meeting Street Cafe .
always avoid Hillel House and go through the CVS .
always avoid Champlin Hall and go through the Hillel House .
always avoid Sharpe House and go through the Pembroke Park .
always avoid College Hill Bookstore and go through the 219 Bowen .
always avoid College Hill Bookstore and go through the Morriss Hall .
avoid West House until you go to the Morriss Hall .
avoid Sidney Frank Hall until you go to the New Pembroke 4 .
avoid College Hill Bookstore until you go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
avoid Avon Cinema until you go to the Sharpe House .
avoid Pleasant Surprises until you go to the Andrews Terrace .
avoid CVS until you go to the Pembroke Park .
avoid Sidney Frank Hall until you go to the Champlin Hall .
avoid Meeting Street Cafe until you go to the 219 Bowen .
avoid West House until you go to the Metcalf Hall .
avoid Granoff Center until reaching the Pembroke Park .
avoid College Hill Bookstore until reaching the Thayer and Cushing .
avoid Peter Green House until reaching the West House .
avoid Facing Thayer until reaching the West House .
avoid Verney-Woolley Hall until reaching the Soban .
avoid Blue State Coffee until reaching the Brown University Bookstore .
avoid Soban until reaching the New Pembroke 3 .
avoid Metcalf Hall until reaching the New Pembroke 2 .
avoid Emery Hall until reaching the Andrews Terrace .
avoid Emery & Wooley until reaching the Supercuts .
avoid Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building and go to the Supercuts .
avoid Morriss Hall and go to the 111 Brown Street North House .
avoid Pembroke Hall and go to the Brown University Bookstore .
avoid Thayer and Meeting and go to the Champlin Hall .
avoid Andrews Hall and go to the Andrews Terrace .
go to the Miller Hall by avoiding College Hill Bookstore and then stay in the Miller Hall or continue to College Hill Bookstore
go to the West House by avoiding 111 Brown Street North House and then stay in the West House or continue to 111 Brown Street North House
go to the Thayer and Cushing by avoiding Supercuts and then stay in the Thayer and Cushing or continue to Supercuts
go to the Alumnae Hall by avoiding Andrews Hall and then stay in the Alumnae Hall or continue to Andrews Hall
go to the Biomedical Center by avoiding Metcalf Hall and then stay in the Biomedical Center or continue to Metcalf Hall
go to the Brown University Bookstore by avoiding Sidney Frank Hall and then stay in the Brown University Bookstore or continue to Sidney Frank Hall
go to the Second Time Around by avoiding Sidney Frank Hall and then stay in the Second Time Around or continue to Sidney Frank Hall
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall by avoiding Spiritus Fermenti and then stay in the Verney-Woolley Hall or continue to Spiritus Fermenti
go to the J. R. Workman Garden by avoiding College Hill Bookstore and then stay in the J. R. Workman Garden or continue to College Hill Bookstore
go to the Facing Thayer by avoiding Smith Buonanno Hall and then stay in the Facing Thayer or continue to Smith Buonanno Hall
avoid Miller Hall until you go to the New Pembroke 1 .
avoid Andreas until you go to the Andrews Terrace .
avoid CVS until you go to the Avon Cinema .
avoid Peter Green House until you go to the Andrews Hall .
avoid Andreas until you go to the Andrews Terrace .
avoid Pleasant Surprises until you go to the New Pembroke 2 .
avoid New Pembroke 4 until you go to the Pleasant Surprises .
avoid East Side Station Post Office until going to the Sidney Frank Hall .
avoid Spiritus Fermenti until going to the Pembroke Hall .
avoid West House until going to the 111 Brown Street North House .
avoid Peter Green House until going to the Meeting Street Cafe .
avoid Blue State Coffee until going to the Salon Persia .
avoid Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building until going to the Granoff Center .
go to or through the Thayer and Meeting always avoid going to the Thayer and Meeting through Andrews Terrace
go to or through the J. R. Workman Garden always avoid going to the J. R. Workman Garden through West House
go to or through the Granoff Center always avoid going to the Granoff Center through Soban
go to or through the CVS always avoid going to the CVS through Pembroke Park
go to or through the Meeting Street Cafe always avoid going to the Meeting Street Cafe through New Pembroke 4
go to the Metcalf Hall before going to Spiritus Fermenti
go to the Andrews Terrace before going to College Hill Bookstore
go to the Blue State Coffee before going to Second Time Around
go to the New Pembroke 3 before going to Andrews Terrace
go to the Berk's;Shanghai before going to Meeting Street Cafe
go to the Andrews Hall before going to Meeting Street Cafe
go to the New Pembroke 3 before going to New Pembroke 4
go to the Champlin Hall before going to New Pembroke 2
go to the Spiritus Fermenti before going to Andrews Terrace
avoid going through New Pembroke 4 until you go through the College Hill Bookstore .
avoid going through Second Time Around until you go through the New Pembroke 2 .
avoid going through Sharpe House until you go through the Sidney Frank Hall .
avoid going through Miller Hall until you go through the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
avoid going through Miller Hall until you go through the 164 Angel .
avoid Smith Buonanno Hall until going to the Pembroke Park .
avoid Thayer and Cushing until going to the Pleasant Surprises .
avoid New Pembroke 1 until going to the Avon Cinema .
avoid Emery & Wooley until going to the Andrews Terrace .
avoid Thayer and Meeting until going to the Pembroke Park .
avoid West House until going to the Granoff Center .
avoid Pembroke Park until going to the Supercuts .
go to the Pembroke Park by avoiding Morriss Hall if you reached the Pembroke Park , then you can proceed to Morriss Hall .
go to the 111 Brown Street North House by avoiding Spiritus Fermenti if you reached the 111 Brown Street North House , then you can proceed to Spiritus Fermenti .
go to the Hillel House by avoiding Second Time Around if you reached the Hillel House , then you can proceed to Second Time Around .
go to the Alumnae Hall by avoiding Sharpe House if you reached the Alumnae Hall , then you can proceed to Sharpe House .
go to the Thayer and Meeting by avoiding Smith Buonanno Hall if you reached the Thayer and Meeting , then you can proceed to Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to the Andreas by avoiding Andrews Terrace if you reached the Andreas , then you can proceed to Andrews Terrace .
go to the College Hill Bookstore by avoiding Brown University Bookstore if you reached the College Hill Bookstore , then you can proceed to Brown University Bookstore .
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall by avoiding Berk's;Shanghai if you reached the Verney-Woolley Hall , then you can proceed to Berk's;Shanghai .
go to the Facing Thayer by avoiding Andrews Hall if you reached the Facing Thayer , then you can proceed to Andrews Hall .
avoid West House until you go to the Thayer and Cushing .
avoid Pleasant Surprises until you go to the Morriss Hall .
avoid Metcalf Hall until you go to the Salon Persia .
avoid Andrews Hall until you go to the Pleasant Surprises .
avoid Champlin Hall until you go to the 219 Bowen .
avoid Miller Hall until you go to the Facing Thayer .
avoid New Pembroke 1 until you go to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
avoid Metcalf Hall until you go to the Sidney Frank Hall .
avoid Miller Hall until you go to the Meeting Street Cafe .
avoid College Hill Bookstore until you go to the Thayer and Cushing .
move to the Peter Green House avoiding CVS if you got to the Peter Green House then you can continue to CVS .
move to the J. R. Workman Garden avoiding Soban if you got to the J. R. Workman Garden then you can continue to Soban .
move to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building avoiding Hillel House if you got to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building then you can continue to Hillel House .
move to the New Pembroke 3 avoiding Andrews Hall if you got to the New Pembroke 3 then you can continue to Andrews Hall .
move to the Salon Persia avoiding 111 Brown Street North House if you got to the Salon Persia then you can continue to 111 Brown Street North House .
move to the Soban avoiding West House if you got to the Soban then you can continue to West House .
move to the Alumnae Hall avoiding Granoff Center if you got to the Alumnae Hall then you can continue to Granoff Center .
move to the Emery & Wooley avoiding Thayer and Meeting if you got to the Emery & Wooley then you can continue to Thayer and Meeting .
move to the Blue State Coffee avoiding Champlin Hall if you got to the Blue State Coffee then you can continue to Champlin Hall .
move to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building avoiding Sidney Frank Hall if you got to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building then you can continue to Sidney Frank Hall .
move to the CVS avoiding New Pembroke 4 if you got to the CVS then you can continue to New Pembroke 4 .
move to the Morriss Hall avoiding New Pembroke 1 if you got to the Morriss Hall then you can continue to New Pembroke 1 .
avoid College Hill Bookstore until you go to the Berk's;Shanghai .
avoid Salon Persia until you go to the New Pembroke 4 .
avoid Thayer and Meeting until you go to the College Hill Bookstore .
avoid Facing Thayer until you go to the CVS .
avoid Granoff Center until you go to the Spiritus Fermenti .
avoid Thayer and Cushing until you go to the Alumnae Hall .
avoid Andrews Hall until you go to the Alumnae Hall .
avoid Champlin Hall until you go to the Pembroke Hall .
avoid West House until you go to the Facing Thayer .
avoid New Pembroke 3 until you go to the Sidney Frank Hall .
avoid 164 Angel until you go to the New Pembroke 3 .
avoid Champlin Hall until you go to the Alumnae Hall .
go to the Meeting Street Cafe before going to College Hill Bookstore
go to the Soban before going to New Pembroke 4
go to the East Side Station Post Office before going to Pleasant Surprises
go to the Pleasant Surprises before going to Supercuts
go to the Granoff Center before going to CVS
go to the Miller Hall before going to Thayer and Meeting
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall before going to New Pembroke 4
go to the 164 Angel before going to Granoff Center
go to the Thayer and Meeting before going to Granoff Center
go to the Emery Hall before going to Verney-Woolley Hall
go to the Blue State Coffee before going to College Hill Bookstore
go to the New Pembroke 1 avoiding Andreas if you reached the New Pembroke 1 then you may go to Andreas .
go to the Thayer and Meeting avoiding Brown University Bookstore if you reached the Thayer and Meeting then you may go to Brown University Bookstore .
go to the Miller Hall avoiding Facing Thayer if you reached the Miller Hall then you may go to Facing Thayer .
go to the West House avoiding Blue State Coffee if you reached the West House then you may go to Blue State Coffee .
go to the New Pembroke 4 avoiding 164 Angel if you reached the New Pembroke 4 then you may go to 164 Angel .
go to the New Pembroke 1 avoiding J. R. Workman Garden if you reached the New Pembroke 1 then you may go to J. R. Workman Garden .
go to the 219 Bowen avoiding Facing Thayer if you reached the 219 Bowen then you may go to Facing Thayer .
go to the Pleasant Surprises avoiding Alumnae Hall if you reached the Pleasant Surprises then you may go to Alumnae Hall .
go to the 219 Bowen avoiding Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building if you reached the 219 Bowen then you may go to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to the Spiritus Fermenti avoiding 219 Bowen if you reached the Spiritus Fermenti then you may go to 219 Bowen .
go to the Sharpe House avoiding Andreas if you reached the Sharpe House then you may go to Andreas .
avoid 219 Bowen until going to the Morriss Hall .
avoid Soban until going to the Biomedical Center .
avoid Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building until going to the Hillel House .
avoid Spiritus Fermenti until going to the Sidney Frank Hall .
avoid Supercuts until going to the Granoff Center .
avoid J. R. Workman Garden until going to the Meeting Street Cafe .
avoid Brown University Bookstore until going to the CVS .
avoid East Side Station Post Office until going to the Andrews Hall .
avoid Emery & Wooley until going to the New Pembroke 3 .
avoid Morriss Hall until going to the Supercuts .
avoid Andreas until going to the Metcalf Hall .
avoid Blue State Coffee until going to the Andrews Terrace .
avoid Blue State Coffee until you pass through Pembroke Park .
avoid Thayer and Cushing until you pass through Sidney Frank Hall .
avoid CVS until you pass through Brown University Bookstore .
avoid Pembroke Hall until you pass through J. R. Workman Garden .
avoid Verney-Woolley Hall until you pass through Sidney Frank Hall .
avoid Morriss Hall until you pass through Thayer and Cushing .
avoid Sharpe House until you pass through New Pembroke 3 .
avoid Pleasant Surprises until you pass through 219 Bowen .
avoid Smith Buonanno Hall until you pass through Miller Hall .
avoid West House until you pass through Spiritus Fermenti .
avoid Facing Thayer until you pass through Miller Hall .
avoid Thayer and Cushing until you pass through Champlin Hall .
avoid Morriss Hall until going to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
avoid Andreas until going to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
avoid Brown University Bookstore until going to the New Pembroke 2 .
avoid Granoff Center until going to the Pleasant Surprises .
avoid Pembroke Hall until going to the College Hill Bookstore .
avoid Sidney Frank Hall until going to the New Pembroke 2 .
avoid Blue State Coffee until going to the Hillel House .
avoid CVS until going to the Supercuts .
avoid Thayer and Cushing until going to the Facing Thayer .
avoid Pleasant Surprises until going to the Berk's;Shanghai .
avoid Pembroke Park until going to the Second Time Around .
avoid Verney-Woolley Hall until navigating to the New Pembroke 2 .
avoid College Hill Bookstore until navigating to the Pembroke Park .
avoid Thayer and Meeting until navigating to the Soban .
avoid Granoff Center until navigating to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
avoid 164 Angel until navigating to the Andrews Terrace .
avoid CVS until navigating to the Sidney Frank Hall .
avoid Pleasant Surprises until navigating to the Blue State Coffee .
avoid Berk's;Shanghai until navigating to the Hillel House .
go to the Emery Hall but avoid Meeting Street Cafe if you reached to the Emery Hall then you can head to Meeting Street Cafe or stay put .
go to the Biomedical Center but avoid New Pembroke 2 if you reached to the Biomedical Center then you can head to New Pembroke 2 or stay put .
go to the Pleasant Surprises but avoid J. R. Workman Garden if you reached to the Pleasant Surprises then you can head to J. R. Workman Garden or stay put .
go to the Morriss Hall but avoid Meeting Street Cafe if you reached to the Morriss Hall then you can head to Meeting Street Cafe or stay put .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall but avoid New Pembroke 4 if you reached to the Sidney Frank Hall then you can head to New Pembroke 4 or stay put .
go to the Pembroke Park but avoid New Pembroke 4 if you reached to the Pembroke Park then you can head to New Pembroke 4 or stay put .
go to the Andrews Hall but avoid Champlin Hall if you reached to the Andrews Hall then you can head to Champlin Hall or stay put .
go to the Thayer and Meeting but avoid Biomedical Center if you reached to the Thayer and Meeting then you can head to Biomedical Center or stay put .
go to the Andrews Terrace but avoid Alumnae Hall if you reached to the Andrews Terrace then you can head to Alumnae Hall or stay put .
avoid East Side Station Post Office until going to the 219 Bowen .
avoid Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building until going to the Thayer and Meeting .
avoid Emery & Wooley until going to the Pembroke Hall .
avoid Supercuts until going to the Brown University Bookstore .
avoid Pembroke Hall until going to the Facing Thayer .
avoid Alumnae Hall until going to the Andrews Hall .
avoid New Pembroke 1 until going to the Sidney Frank Hall .
avoid Thayer and Cushing until going to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
avoid Andrews Terrace until going to the Spiritus Fermenti .
avoid Pembroke Hall until going to the 219 Bowen .
avoid Metcalf Hall until going to the Sharpe House .
go to the 164 Angel before going to CVS .
go to the Avon Cinema before going to Granoff Center .
go to the College Hill Bookstore before going to Thayer and Meeting .
go to the Miller Hall before going to Meeting Street Cafe .
go to the Facing Thayer before going to Alumnae Hall .
go to the New Pembroke 3 before going to Facing Thayer .
go to the Supercuts before going to Andreas .
go to the Avon Cinema before going to Andreas .
go to the Biomedical Center before going to CVS .
go to the Second Time Around before going to Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the 111 Brown Street North House before going to Emery & Wooley .
go to the West House before going to CVS .
from the CVS , navigate to Emery Hall .
from the Meeting Street Cafe , navigate to Andreas .
from the Thayer and Meeting , navigate to Sidney Frank Hall .
from the Supercuts , navigate to Granoff Center .
from the Spiritus Fermenti , navigate to Salon Persia .
from the New Pembroke 2 , navigate to Supercuts .
from the Sharpe House , navigate to Sidney Frank Hall .
from the Hillel House , navigate to New Pembroke 2 .
always pass through the Sidney Frank Hall to get to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
always pass through the Morriss Hall to get to Second Time Around .
always pass through the Soban to get to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
always pass through the Verney-Woolley Hall to get to Granoff Center .
always pass through the Brown University Bookstore to get to Andrews Hall .
always pass through the College Hill Bookstore to get to 164 Angel .
always pass through the Soban to get to Pembroke Park .
always pass through the Verney-Woolley Hall to get to Avon Cinema .
always pass through the Smith Buonanno Hall to get to Sidney Frank Hall .
always pass through the J. R. Workman Garden to get to Soban .
always pass through the Metcalf Hall to get to Andreas .
go from Sharpe House to Andrews Hall .
go from Second Time Around to Soban .
go from Thayer and Cushing to West House .
go from College Hill Bookstore to Thayer and Cushing .
go from Alumnae Hall to Pembroke Park .
move to Alumnae Hall from the Champlin Hall .
move to Champlin Hall from the Emery & Wooley .
move to Morriss Hall from the Thayer and Cushing .
move to 164 Angel from the Peter Green House .
move to Sidney Frank Hall from the Alumnae Hall .
move to Andreas from the Soban .
move to Morriss Hall from the Sidney Frank Hall .
move to Thayer and Cushing from the New Pembroke 4 .
move to Emery Hall from the Sidney Frank Hall .
move to College Hill Bookstore from the Soban .
move to Metcalf Hall from the 111 Brown Street North House .
go through the Spiritus Fermenti to CVS .
go through the Metcalf Hall to Andrews Terrace .
go through the Thayer and Cushing to Facing Thayer .
go through the West House to Thayer and Cushing .
go through the Metcalf Hall to Andrews Terrace .
go through the Smith Buonanno Hall to New Pembroke 4 .
go through the Emery Hall to CVS .
from the New Pembroke 4 go to Thayer and Meeting .
from the Thayer and Meeting go to Granoff Center .
from the Brown University Bookstore go to Andreas .
from the Morriss Hall go to East Side Station Post Office .
from the 219 Bowen go to Supercuts .
from the Emery Hall go to Andreas .
from the Sidney Frank Hall go to Verney-Woolley Hall .
from the Sidney Frank Hall go to Biomedical Center .
from the Second Time Around go to Granoff Center .
from the West House go to 164 Angel .
from the Andrews Terrace go to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
from the College Hill Bookstore go to New Pembroke 1 .
go from the Brown University Bookstore to Soban
go from the Alumnae Hall to Biomedical Center
go from the Smith Buonanno Hall to Spiritus Fermenti
go from the New Pembroke 4 to Peter Green House
go from the Sidney Frank Hall to Pembroke Park
go from the Pleasant Surprises to CVS
go from the Brown University Bookstore to Andreas
go from the Thayer and Meeting to Emery & Wooley
go from the Andrews Hall to Peter Green House
go to Emery Hall passing through the Salon Persia .
go to Biomedical Center passing through the Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to Andrews Hall passing through the Salon Persia .
go to Avon Cinema passing through the 164 Angel .
go to Emery & Wooley passing through the West House .
go to Berk's;Shanghai passing through the Hillel House .
always avoid going through Hillel House
always avoid going through Berk's;Shanghai
always avoid going through 219 Bowen
always avoid going through Hillel House
always avoid going through Pleasant Surprises
always avoid going through Peter Green House
always avoid going through New Pembroke 4
always avoid going through Hillel House
always avoid going through 219 Bowen
always avoid going through Andrews Hall
always avoid going through Hillel House
go through the Peter Green House to Alumnae Hall .
go through the West House to Meeting Street Cafe .
go through the Pleasant Surprises to Peter Green House .
go through the Andreas to Pembroke Park .
go through the 219 Bowen to Smith Buonanno Hall .
go through the Thayer and Meeting to 164 Angel .
go through the Morriss Hall to Salon Persia .
go through the New Pembroke 1 to CVS .
go through the CVS to New Pembroke 1 .
go through the Blue State Coffee to West House .
go through the Second Time Around to Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to Andrews Hall through the Supercuts
go to West House through the Facing Thayer
go to College Hill Bookstore through the Andrews Terrace
go to College Hill Bookstore through the Hillel House
go to Sharpe House through the J. R. Workman Garden
go to Sharpe House through the West House
go to Alumnae Hall through the Pembroke Park .
go to Blue State Coffee through the Spiritus Fermenti .
go to J. R. Workman Garden through the Hillel House .
go to Spiritus Fermenti through the Pembroke Park .
go to West House through the Peter Green House .
go to Thayer and Cushing through the College Hill Bookstore .
go to West House through the New Pembroke 4 .
go to Verney-Woolley Hall through the Second Time Around .
go to Supercuts through the Brown University Bookstore .
start on the Sidney Frank Hall and move directly to Andrews Terrace .
start on the 164 Angel and move directly to Second Time Around .
start on the Thayer and Cushing and move directly to Berk's;Shanghai .
start on the Alumnae Hall and move directly to West House .
start on the Miller Hall and move directly to Pembroke Park .
start on the J. R. Workman Garden and move directly to Pembroke Park .
start on the New Pembroke 2 and move directly to Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to the Alumnae Hall and then to Soban .
go to the Soban and then to J. R. Workman Garden .
go to the Andrews Terrace and then to East Side Station Post Office .
go to the Pleasant Surprises and then to Supercuts .
go to the 164 Angel and then to West House .
go to the Emery Hall and then to Miller Hall .
go to Soban then go to Soban .
go to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building then go to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to East Side Station Post Office then go to East Side Station Post Office .
go to Peter Green House then go to Peter Green House .
go to 111 Brown Street North House then go to 111 Brown Street North House .
go to Blue State Coffee then go to Blue State Coffee .
go to Miller Hall then go to Miller Hall .
go to New Pembroke 2 then go to New Pembroke 2 .
go to 219 Bowen then go to 219 Bowen .
go to Hillel House then go to Hillel House .
go to Pleasant Surprises then go to Pleasant Surprises .
go to Pleasant Surprises through the Sharpe House .
go to 219 Bowen through the Brown University Bookstore .
go to Emery & Wooley through the Blue State Coffee .
go to Andrews Terrace through the Sharpe House .
go to Facing Thayer through the Berk's;Shanghai .
go to Spiritus Fermenti through the Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to Thayer and Meeting through the Emery & Wooley .
go to Pleasant Surprises through the Champlin Hall .
go to New Pembroke 1 through the Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to Pembroke Hall through the CVS .
go to CVS through the Salon Persia .
go to New Pembroke 1 through the Berk's;Shanghai .
go to Hillel House by first visiting the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to Granoff Center by first visiting the College Hill Bookstore .
go to 164 Angel by first visiting the Thayer and Meeting .
go to New Pembroke 4 by first visiting the Morriss Hall .
go to Peter Green House by first visiting the Sidney Frank Hall .
always avoid going through 111 Brown Street North House
always avoid going through Andrews Terrace
always avoid going through Supercuts
always avoid going through West House
always avoid going through Miller Hall
always avoid going through 164 Angel
always avoid going through Pembroke Hall
always avoid going through Salon Persia
go to the Champlin Hall , then go to Morriss Hall .
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall , then go to Supercuts .
go to the 219 Bowen , then go to Andrews Terrace .
go to the Blue State Coffee , then go to Pembroke Hall .
go to the Emery Hall , then go to Salon Persia .
go to the New Pembroke 1 , then go to Berk's;Shanghai .
go to the Andrews Hall , then go to Metcalf Hall .
go to the Facing Thayer , then go to Pembroke Hall .
go to the Peter Green House , then go to Soban .
go to Sidney Frank Hall via the Berk's;Shanghai .
go to Salon Persia via the Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to Salon Persia via the West House .
go to Sidney Frank Hall via the Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to Facing Thayer via the Thayer and Meeting .
go to Smith Buonanno Hall via the East Side Station Post Office .
go to Granoff Center via the Supercuts .
go to the College Hill Bookstore before going to Morriss Hall .
go to the 219 Bowen before going to Peter Green House .
go to the Alumnae Hall before going to West House .
go to the Pembroke Hall before going to Thayer and Meeting .
go to the Soban before going to Pembroke Park .
go to Andreas through the Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to Salon Persia through the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to Brown University Bookstore through the Spiritus Fermenti .
go to Second Time Around through the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to Andrews Hall through the New Pembroke 1 .
go to Soban through the New Pembroke 1 .
go to West House through the Champlin Hall .
go to the Salon Persia before going to 219 Bowen .
go to the Emery & Wooley before going to Hillel House .
go to the 164 Angel before going to 111 Brown Street North House .
go to the College Hill Bookstore before going to East Side Station Post Office .
go to the Berk's;Shanghai before going to Biomedical Center .
go from the New Pembroke 3 to Champlin Hall
go from the Hillel House to Metcalf Hall
go from the Hillel House to Sidney Frank Hall
go from the Pembroke Park to Biomedical Center
go from the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building to Thayer and Cushing
go from the Avon Cinema to Thayer and Meeting
go from the Champlin Hall to J. R. Workman Garden
go to Emery Hall by first going to the Berk's;Shanghai .
go to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building by first going to the New Pembroke 4 .
go to Miller Hall by first going to the Pembroke Park .
go to Pembroke Park by first going to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to College Hill Bookstore by first going to the Pleasant Surprises .
go to East Side Station Post Office by first going to the Blue State Coffee .
go to Thayer and Meeting by first going to the New Pembroke 4 .
go to Sidney Frank Hall by first going to the Berk's;Shanghai .
go to Andrews Hall by first going to the Sharpe House .
go to Soban , but never through it
go to CVS , but never through it
go to Miller Hall , but never through it
go to Meeting Street Cafe , but never through it
go to New Pembroke 4 , but never through it
go to West House , but never through it
go to New Pembroke 1 , but never through it
go to Facing Thayer , but never through it
go to Salon Persia , but never through it
go to Miller Hall , but never through it
go to Berk's;Shanghai , but never through it
go to Thayer and Meeting , but never through it
go to 219 Bowen through the Supercuts .
go to Facing Thayer through the Alumnae Hall .
go to Alumnae Hall through the College Hill Bookstore .
go to Hillel House through the Pleasant Surprises .
go to Hillel House through the Avon Cinema .
go to Second Time Around through the Andreas .
go to Andreas through the West House .
go to New Pembroke 1 through the Spiritus Fermenti .
go to Salon Persia through the New Pembroke 1 .
go to Pembroke Park through the 111 Brown Street North House .
go to Peter Green House through the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to 111 Brown Street North House through the Soban .
go to Granoff Center through the 219 Bowen .
go to Smith Buonanno Hall through the Meeting Street Cafe .
go to Meeting Street Cafe through the Second Time Around .
go through the Sidney Frank Hall to Pleasant Surprises .
go through the Salon Persia to New Pembroke 2 .
go through the Pembroke Hall to Granoff Center .
go through the Salon Persia to Champlin Hall .
go through the New Pembroke 2 to East Side Station Post Office .
go through the New Pembroke 3 to Thayer and Cushing .
avoid the Pleasant Surprises until you go to the Morriss Hall .
avoid the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building until you go to the J. R. Workman Garden .
avoid the Sharpe House until you go to the New Pembroke 1 .
avoid the West House until you go to the Meeting Street Cafe .
avoid the Avon Cinema until you go to the West House .
avoid the Berk's;Shanghai until you go to the Sharpe House .
avoid the Pleasant Surprises until you go to the Morriss Hall .
avoid the Pembroke Park until you go to the Thayer and Meeting .
avoid the Sharpe House until you go to the Metcalf Hall .
avoid the Pembroke Park until you go to the Metcalf Hall .
avoid the Smith Buonanno Hall until you go to the 111 Brown Street North House .
avoid the Emery & Wooley until you go to the Alumnae Hall .
go to or through the Blue State Coffee always avoid going through the Supercuts
go to or through the Metcalf Hall always avoid going through the Pembroke Hall
go to or through the Granoff Center always avoid going through the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building
go to or through the Emery Hall always avoid going through the Brown University Bookstore
go to or through the West House always avoid going through the Miller Hall
go to or through the Blue State Coffee always avoid going through the East Side Station Post Office
go to or through the Andrews Hall always avoid going through the Pembroke Park
go to or through the Salon Persia always avoid going through the Champlin Hall
go to or through the Soban always avoid going through the Meeting Street Cafe
go to or through the Supercuts always avoid going through the New Pembroke 2
avoid the 111 Brown Street North House until you go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
avoid the Spiritus Fermenti until you go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
avoid the Spiritus Fermenti until you go to the College Hill Bookstore .
avoid the Salon Persia until you go to the Meeting Street Cafe .
avoid the J. R. Workman Garden until you go to the Thayer and Meeting .
avoid the Sharpe House until you go to the Supercuts .
avoid the 219 Bowen until you go to the Sharpe House .
avoid the Berk's;Shanghai until you go to the Andrews Hall .
avoid the Meeting Street Cafe until you go to the New Pembroke 3 .
avoid the Thayer and Cushing until going to the Granoff Center .
avoid the Pleasant Surprises until going to the Andreas .
avoid the Hillel House until going to the Pleasant Surprises .
avoid the Sharpe House until going to the Berk's;Shanghai .
avoid the Thayer and Cushing until going to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
avoid the Pembroke Park until going to the Spiritus Fermenti .
avoid the Metcalf Hall until going to the Emery Hall .
avoid the Miller Hall until going to the Andreas .
avoid the Alumnae Hall until going to the Andrews Terrace .
avoid the Facing Thayer until going to the Champlin Hall .
avoid the College Hill Bookstore until going to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
avoid the Blue State Coffee until going to the Spiritus Fermenti .
go to the Biomedical Center . if you reached the Biomedical Center then you may go to the Supercuts .
go to the Metcalf Hall . if you reached the Metcalf Hall then you may go to the Meeting Street Cafe .
go to the CVS . if you reached the CVS then you may go to the Emery & Wooley .
go to the Thayer and Meeting . if you reached the Thayer and Meeting then you may go to the Andrews Terrace .
go to the New Pembroke 2 . if you reached the New Pembroke 2 then you may go to the Salon Persia .
go to the Pembroke Hall . if you reached the Pembroke Hall then you may go to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the Avon Cinema . if you reached the Avon Cinema then you may go to the New Pembroke 3 .
go to the Alumnae Hall . if you reached the Alumnae Hall then you may go to the Meeting Street Cafe .
go to the Spiritus Fermenti but do not go through the Alumnae Hall first .
go to the Thayer and Cushing but do not go through the Emery Hall first .
go to the New Pembroke 3 but do not go through the Smith Buonanno Hall first .
go to the Alumnae Hall but do not go through the Verney-Woolley Hall first .
go to the Alumnae Hall but do not go through the West House first .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall and then to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the CVS and then to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the Facing Thayer and then to the Metcalf Hall .
go to the Alumnae Hall and then to the Biomedical Center .
go to the Emery Hall and then to the New Pembroke 4 .
go to the CVS and then to the Hillel House .
go to the New Pembroke 1 and then to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall and then to the Champlin Hall .
go to or through the Berk's;Shanghai while avoiding going through the New Pembroke 4
go to or through the Spiritus Fermenti while avoiding going through the 219 Bowen
go to or through the 111 Brown Street North House while avoiding going through the Biomedical Center
go to or through the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building while avoiding going through the Verney-Woolley Hall
go to or through the Brown University Bookstore while avoiding going through the New Pembroke 4
go to or through the Pleasant Surprises while avoiding going through the Andreas
avoid the Pembroke Hall until you go to the Emery & Wooley .
avoid the Hillel House until you go to the Salon Persia .
avoid the Brown University Bookstore until you go to the Peter Green House .
avoid the Avon Cinema until you go to the Peter Green House .
avoid the Sidney Frank Hall until you go to the Pembroke Hall .
avoid the 219 Bowen until you go to the College Hill Bookstore .
avoid the Sidney Frank Hall until you go to the East Side Station Post Office .
avoid the West House until you go to the Biomedical Center .
avoid the 219 Bowen until you go to the J. R. Workman Garden .
avoid the 111 Brown Street North House until you go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
avoid the Andreas until you go to the Sidney Frank Hall .
avoid the Emery & Wooley until you go to the 219 Bowen .
avoid the Pembroke Hall until you go to the Granoff Center .
avoid the Brown University Bookstore until you go to the Blue State Coffee .
avoid the Andreas until you go to the Metcalf Hall .
avoid the Second Time Around until you go to the 111 Brown Street North House .
avoid the West House until you go to the Meeting Street Cafe .
avoid the Brown University Bookstore until you go to the CVS .
avoid the Blue State Coffee and go to the Brown University Bookstore . if you reached the Brown University Bookstore then you may go to the Blue State Coffee , or just stay on the Brown University Bookstore .
avoid the 164 Angel and go to the New Pembroke 2 . if you reached the New Pembroke 2 then you may go to the 164 Angel , or just stay on the New Pembroke 2 .
avoid the Peter Green House and go to the Sidney Frank Hall . if you reached the Sidney Frank Hall then you may go to the Peter Green House , or just stay on the Sidney Frank Hall .
avoid the 219 Bowen and go to the East Side Station Post Office . if you reached the East Side Station Post Office then you may go to the 219 Bowen , or just stay on the East Side Station Post Office .
avoid the East Side Station Post Office and go to the Brown University Bookstore . if you reached the Brown University Bookstore then you may go to the East Side Station Post Office , or just stay on the Brown University Bookstore .
avoid the Facing Thayer and go to the Blue State Coffee . if you reached the Blue State Coffee then you may go to the Facing Thayer , or just stay on the Blue State Coffee .
avoid the Avon Cinema and go to the New Pembroke 1 . if you reached the New Pembroke 1 then you may go to the Avon Cinema , or just stay on the New Pembroke 1 .
avoid the 219 Bowen and go to the Pleasant Surprises . if you reached the Pleasant Surprises then you may go to the 219 Bowen , or just stay on the Pleasant Surprises .
go to the Peter Green House through Morriss Hall .
go to the West House through Metcalf Hall .
go to the 111 Brown Street North House through New Pembroke 1 .
go to the Thayer and Meeting through 219 Bowen .
go to the Supercuts through New Pembroke 4 .
go to the Champlin Hall through Biomedical Center .
go to the Emery & Wooley through Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the Emery Hall through East Side Station Post Office .
go to the Soban through Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to the Brown University Bookstore through West House .
go to the Peter Green House through Spiritus Fermenti .
go to the Andrews Hall through Biomedical Center .
avoid the Berk's;Shanghai until you navigate to the Emery & Wooley .
avoid the Pleasant Surprises until you navigate to the Soban .
avoid the Sharpe House until you navigate to the CVS .
avoid the Berk's;Shanghai until you navigate to the East Side Station Post Office .
avoid the CVS until you navigate to the J. R. Workman Garden .
avoid the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building until you navigate to the Pleasant Surprises .
avoid the Alumnae Hall until you navigate to the 164 Angel .
avoid the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building until you navigate to the New Pembroke 3 .
go to or through the Meeting Street Cafe always avoid going through the Thayer and Cushing
go to or through the Biomedical Center always avoid going through the Miller Hall
go to or through the Spiritus Fermenti always avoid going through the Hillel House
go to or through the Emery Hall always avoid going through the Supercuts
go to or through the Blue State Coffee always avoid going through the Alumnae Hall
go to or through the New Pembroke 1 always avoid going through the Facing Thayer
go to or through the New Pembroke 2 always avoid going through the Alumnae Hall
go to or through the Berk's;Shanghai always avoid going through the New Pembroke 4
avoid the East Side Station Post Office until after going to the Andrews Hall .
avoid the Morriss Hall until after going to the Pembroke Park .
avoid the Spiritus Fermenti until after going to the Thayer and Cushing .
avoid the Miller Hall until after going to the Thayer and Meeting .
avoid the New Pembroke 2 until after going to the Emery Hall .
avoid the Pembroke Park until after going to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
avoid the CVS until after going to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
avoid the Granoff Center until after going to the Brown University Bookstore .
avoid the New Pembroke 4 until after going to the College Hill Bookstore .
avoid the Verney-Woolley Hall until after going to the Sidney Frank Hall .
avoid the New Pembroke 2 until after going to the Peter Green House .
avoid the Andrews Hall until after going to the Miller Hall .
go to the Second Time Around without going through the Blue State Coffee . if you reached the Second Time Around then you can go to the Blue State Coffee , or be done .
go to the Miller Hall without going through the Meeting Street Cafe . if you reached the Miller Hall then you can go to the Meeting Street Cafe , or be done .
go to the Meeting Street Cafe without going through the New Pembroke 1 . if you reached the Meeting Street Cafe then you can go to the New Pembroke 1 , or be done .
go to the Champlin Hall without going through the Thayer and Cushing . if you reached the Champlin Hall then you can go to the Thayer and Cushing , or be done .
go to the Thayer and Cushing without going through the West House . if you reached the Thayer and Cushing then you can go to the West House , or be done .
go to the Hillel House without going through the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building . if you reached the Hillel House then you can go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building , or be done .
go to the Meeting Street Cafe without going through the Alumnae Hall . if you reached the Meeting Street Cafe then you can go to the Alumnae Hall , or be done .
go to the Pleasant Surprises without going through the Meeting Street Cafe . if you reached the Pleasant Surprises then you can go to the Meeting Street Cafe , or be done .
go to the Andrews Terrace without going through the Pembroke Park . if you reached the Andrews Terrace then you can go to the Pembroke Park , or be done .
go to the Andreas without going through the Pembroke Park . if you reached the Andreas then you can go to the Pembroke Park , or be done .
go to the Emery & Wooley without going through the Pembroke Park . if you reached the Emery & Wooley then you can go to the Pembroke Park , or be done .
go to the Sharpe House without going through the 164 Angel . if you reached the Sharpe House then you can go to the 164 Angel , or be done .
avoid the 219 Bowen until going to the Pembroke Hall .
avoid the New Pembroke 1 until going to the CVS .
avoid the 164 Angel until going to the West House .
avoid the Biomedical Center until going to the Sidney Frank Hall .
avoid the Peter Green House until going to the Alumnae Hall .
avoid the Sidney Frank Hall until going to the Second Time Around .
avoid the CVS until going to the Salon Persia .
avoid the Spiritus Fermenti before you navigate to the College Hill Bookstore .
avoid the Salon Persia before you navigate to the West House .
avoid the Pleasant Surprises before you navigate to the Brown University Bookstore .
avoid the Berk's;Shanghai before you navigate to the Granoff Center .
avoid the Soban before you navigate to the College Hill Bookstore .
avoid the College Hill Bookstore until you navigate to the New Pembroke 4 .
avoid the Granoff Center until you navigate to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
avoid the Andrews Hall until you navigate to the J. R. Workman Garden .
avoid the Soban until you navigate to the Miller Hall .
avoid the Sidney Frank Hall until you navigate to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
avoid the Emery Hall until you navigate to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
avoid the Peter Green House until you navigate to the Blue State Coffee .
avoid the Peter Green House until you navigate to the Pembroke Park .
avoid the Sharpe House until you navigate to the Salon Persia .
go to Verney-Woolley Hall before going to Blue State Coffee .
go to Second Time Around before going to New Pembroke 3 .
go to Biomedical Center before going to West House .
go to Pembroke Park before going to Biomedical Center .
go to New Pembroke 3 before going to Andrews Hall .
go to 219 Bowen before going to Soban .
go to New Pembroke 2 before going to 111 Brown Street North House .
go to West House before going to Pembroke Park .
go to Blue State Coffee before going to East Side Station Post Office .
go to Andrews Terrace before going to New Pembroke 2 .
go to or through the Biomedical Center always avoid going through the Second Time Around
go to or through the Berk's;Shanghai always avoid going through the West House
go to or through the Salon Persia always avoid going through the Facing Thayer
go to or through the Second Time Around always avoid going through the Meeting Street Cafe
go to or through the Facing Thayer always avoid going through the Pembroke Hall
go to or through the Hillel House always avoid going through the Supercuts
go to or through the New Pembroke 1 always avoid going through the CVS
go to or through the Hillel House always avoid going through the Emery & Wooley
go to or through the Sidney Frank Hall always avoid going through the Salon Persia
go to or through the Champlin Hall always avoid going through the New Pembroke 2
go to or through the Berk's;Shanghai always avoid going through the New Pembroke 4
go to or through the Sharpe House always avoid going through the Metcalf Hall
avoid the Meeting Street Cafe until going to the Peter Green House .
avoid the Berk's;Shanghai until going to the Pembroke Hall .
avoid the New Pembroke 3 until going to the College Hill Bookstore .
avoid the Thayer and Meeting until going to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
avoid the Andrews Hall until going to the Champlin Hall .
avoid the Andrews Terrace until going to the J. R. Workman Garden .
avoid the 219 Bowen until going to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
avoid the Sidney Frank Hall until going to the East Side Station Post Office .
avoid the Biomedical Center until going to the Emery Hall .
avoid the Andrews Terrace until going to the Salon Persia .
go to the Blue State Coffee avoiding the Metcalf Hall . if you get to Blue State Coffee you can then proceed to the Metcalf Hall
go to the New Pembroke 2 avoiding the Berk's;Shanghai . if you get to New Pembroke 2 you can then proceed to the Berk's;Shanghai
go to the Alumnae Hall avoiding the J. R. Workman Garden . if you get to Alumnae Hall you can then proceed to the J. R. Workman Garden
go to the Pembroke Park avoiding the Brown University Bookstore . if you get to Pembroke Park you can then proceed to the Brown University Bookstore
go to the Brown University Bookstore avoiding the Avon Cinema . if you get to Brown University Bookstore you can then proceed to the Avon Cinema
go to the College Hill Bookstore avoiding the West House . if you get to College Hill Bookstore you can then proceed to the West House
go to the Granoff Center avoiding the Pembroke Park . if you get to Granoff Center you can then proceed to the Pembroke Park
avoid the Morriss Hall until going to the Spiritus Fermenti .
avoid the Champlin Hall until going to the Alumnae Hall .
avoid the Facing Thayer until going to the Pleasant Surprises .
avoid the West House until going to the Alumnae Hall .
avoid the Sharpe House until going to the Pembroke Park .
avoid the Meeting Street Cafe until going to the Pleasant Surprises .
avoid the Smith Buonanno Hall until going to the Pembroke Hall .
avoid the Smith Buonanno Hall until going to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
avoid the College Hill Bookstore until going to the Meeting Street Cafe .
avoid the Hillel House until going to the New Pembroke 3 .
avoid the Pleasant Surprises until going to the Pembroke Park .
always avoid going through the Sidney Frank Hall to the Alumnae Hall
always avoid going through the Sidney Frank Hall to the Verney-Woolley Hall
always avoid going through the Thayer and Meeting to the Soban
always avoid going through the Granoff Center to the Emery & Wooley
always avoid going through the Granoff Center to the College Hill Bookstore
always avoid going through the 111 Brown Street North House to the Pembroke Hall
always avoid going through the Pleasant Surprises to the Morriss Hall
go to the Smith Buonanno Hall avoiding the Smith Buonanno Hall . if you reached the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building you can stay there , or head to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to the Brown University Bookstore avoiding the Brown University Bookstore . if you reached the Spiritus Fermenti you can stay there , or head to the Brown University Bookstore .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall avoiding the Sidney Frank Hall . if you reached the New Pembroke 1 you can stay there , or head to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the Avon Cinema avoiding the Avon Cinema . if you reached the Sidney Frank Hall you can stay there , or head to the Avon Cinema .
go to the Thayer and Cushing avoiding the Thayer and Cushing . if you reached the Meeting Street Cafe you can stay there , or head to the Thayer and Cushing .
avoid the Brown University Bookstore until you go to the College Hill Bookstore .
avoid the East Side Station Post Office until you go to the Hillel House .
avoid the Verney-Woolley Hall until you go to the Pembroke Hall .
avoid the Soban until you go to the Facing Thayer .
avoid the 164 Angel until you go to the Meeting Street Cafe .
avoid the Pembroke Park until you go to the Peter Green House .
avoid the Facing Thayer until you go to the Blue State Coffee .
avoid the East Side Station Post Office until you go to the New Pembroke 3 .
avoid the Spiritus Fermenti until you go to the Andrews Terrace .
avoid the Pembroke Park until you go to the Salon Persia .
avoid the Granoff Center until reaching the New Pembroke 4 .
avoid the Sidney Frank Hall until reaching the Second Time Around .
avoid the Pembroke Hall until reaching the Biomedical Center .
avoid the Spiritus Fermenti until reaching the 111 Brown Street North House .
avoid the Meeting Street Cafe until reaching the College Hill Bookstore .
avoid the West House until reaching the East Side Station Post Office .
avoid the West House until reaching the Second Time Around .
avoid the New Pembroke 2 until reaching the Supercuts .
avoid the Granoff Center until reaching the Salon Persia .
avoid New Pembroke 3 and go to the East Side Station Post Office .
avoid Emery & Wooley and go to the West House .
avoid Sidney Frank Hall and go to the Miller Hall .
avoid Emery Hall and go to the Thayer and Cushing .
avoid Peter Green House and go to the Supercuts .
avoid Pembroke Hall and go to the 111 Brown Street North House .
avoid Berk's;Shanghai and go to the CVS .
avoid Champlin Hall and go to the Granoff Center .
go to a spot in the New Pembroke 3 , but do n't touch J. R. Workman Garden .
go to a spot in the New Pembroke 1 , but do n't touch Second Time Around .
go to a spot in the Metcalf Hall , but do n't touch Biomedical Center .
go to a spot in the CVS , but do n't touch Facing Thayer .
go to a spot in the Alumnae Hall , but do n't touch Andreas .
go to a spot in the Metcalf Hall , but do n't touch 164 Angel .
always avoid Pembroke Hall and go to the Berk's;Shanghai .
always avoid Avon Cinema and go to the New Pembroke 1 .
always avoid Metcalf Hall and go to the Spiritus Fermenti .
always avoid Sharpe House and go to the East Side Station Post Office .
always avoid Avon Cinema and go to the J. R. Workman Garden .
always avoid East Side Station Post Office and navigate to the Andrews Hall .
always avoid Second Time Around and navigate to the Granoff Center .
always avoid Emery & Wooley and navigate to the 111 Brown Street North House .
always avoid East Side Station Post Office and navigate to the Andrews Terrace .
always avoid Granoff Center and navigate to the J. R. Workman Garden .
always avoid Sidney Frank Hall and navigate to the Facing Thayer .
always avoid New Pembroke 1 and navigate to the College Hill Bookstore .
always avoid Champlin Hall and navigate to the Andrews Hall .
always avoid Soban and navigate to the Second Time Around .
always avoid East Side Station Post Office and navigate to the Granoff Center .
go to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building
go to Miller Hall
go to 164 Angel
go to Emery Hall
go to New Pembroke 2
go to Metcalf Hall
go to College Hill Bookstore
avoid East Side Station Post Office and go to the Andrews Hall .
avoid Facing Thayer and go to the Andrews Terrace .
avoid Pembroke Park and go to the Sharpe House .
avoid Salon Persia and go to the 164 Angel .
avoid Miller Hall and go to the Emery Hall .
avoid Andrews Hall and go to the Soban .
avoid West House and go to the Salon Persia .
avoid Metcalf Hall and go to the Emery & Wooley .
avoid Alumnae Hall and go to the New Pembroke 1 .
avoid Pembroke Hall and go to the East Side Station Post Office .
avoid Pembroke Hall and go to the Sharpe House .
go to the Spiritus Fermenti avoiding Pleasant Surprises .
go to the Supercuts avoiding New Pembroke 2 .
go to the New Pembroke 1 avoiding Second Time Around .
go to the Peter Green House avoiding CVS .
go to the CVS avoiding Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to the CVS avoiding Morriss Hall .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall avoiding CVS .
go to the Avon Cinema avoiding Supercuts .
go to the CVS avoiding Soban .
go to the Supercuts , avoiding Peter Green House .
go to the Soban , avoiding 164 Angel .
go to the Spiritus Fermenti , avoiding Thayer and Cushing .
go to the Brown University Bookstore , avoiding Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building , avoiding 219 Bowen .
always avoid CVS and navigate to the Andreas .
always avoid Andrews Hall and navigate to the Pembroke Hall .
always avoid West House and navigate to the Alumnae Hall .
always avoid Champlin Hall and navigate to the New Pembroke 1 .
always avoid 219 Bowen and navigate to the New Pembroke 4 .
always avoid Sharpe House and navigate to the Hillel House .
always avoid New Pembroke 2 and navigate to the Andreas .
always avoid Hillel House and navigate to the Andrews Hall .
always avoid Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building and navigate to the Sidney Frank Hall .
always avoid CVS and navigate to the Salon Persia .
go to the Thayer and Meeting while avoiding West House
go to the Sidney Frank Hall while avoiding Pleasant Surprises
go to the Pembroke Hall while avoiding 164 Angel
go to the Hillel House while avoiding Meeting Street Cafe
go to the New Pembroke 4 while avoiding Sidney Frank Hall
go to the Metcalf Hall while avoiding 111 Brown Street North House
go to the Sharpe House while avoiding 219 Bowen
go to the Andreas while avoiding Verney-Woolley Hall
go to the Alumnae Hall while avoiding New Pembroke 2
go to the J. R. Workman Garden while avoiding Pembroke Hall
go to the College Hill Bookstore while avoiding Granoff Center
go to the Pembroke Park while avoiding Metcalf Hall
go to the New Pembroke 1 while avoiding Andrews Hall .
go to the Salon Persia while avoiding Metcalf Hall .
go to the Brown University Bookstore while avoiding Blue State Coffee .
go to the Sharpe House while avoiding Champlin Hall .
go to the Pembroke Hall while avoiding Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to the Alumnae Hall while avoiding Soban .
go to the Salon Persia while avoiding 219 Bowen .
go to the Brown University Bookstore while avoiding Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to the Avon Cinema while avoiding College Hill Bookstore .
go to the Andreas while avoiding 111 Brown Street North House .
go to the Miller Hall while avoiding Thayer and Meeting .
avoid New Pembroke 2 while going to the Spiritus Fermenti .
avoid Second Time Around while going to the Salon Persia .
avoid 219 Bowen while going to the Blue State Coffee .
avoid Blue State Coffee while going to the Second Time Around .
avoid Second Time Around while going to the Meeting Street Cafe .
avoid Pleasant Surprises while going to the West House .
avoid Andreas while going to the 164 Angel .
avoid J. R. Workman Garden while going to the CVS .
avoid Hillel House while going to the Thayer and Meeting .
avoid Facing Thayer while going to the Granoff Center .
avoid New Pembroke 4 while going to the Andrews Hall .
avoid Brown University Bookstore and go to the Soban .
avoid Andreas and go to the 219 Bowen .
avoid Pleasant Surprises and go to the Alumnae Hall .
avoid Granoff Center and go to the Andrews Hall .
avoid CVS and go to the Sidney Frank Hall .
avoid Meeting Street Cafe and go to the Andreas .
avoid Alumnae Hall and go to the Pembroke Park .
avoid Biomedical Center and go to the 219 Bowen .
avoid Spiritus Fermenti and go to the Supercuts .
avoid Pleasant Surprises and go to the CVS .
avoid Sidney Frank Hall and go to the Meeting Street Cafe .
avoid Sidney Frank Hall and go to the Second Time Around .
avoid 219 Bowen and go to the New Pembroke 2 .
avoid 111 Brown Street North House and go to the Meeting Street Cafe .
avoid Hillel House and go to the Peter Green House .
avoid Second Time Around and go to the New Pembroke 4 .
avoid Alumnae Hall and go to the Spiritus Fermenti .
avoid Pembroke Park and go to the Pleasant Surprises .
avoid Andrews Terrace and go to the Thayer and Cushing .
avoid Avon Cinema and go to the East Side Station Post Office .
avoid Facing Thayer and go to the New Pembroke 1 .
avoid New Pembroke 2 and go to the 219 Bowen .
avoid Biomedical Center and go to the West House .
avoid Smith Buonanno Hall and go to the West House .
avoid West House and go to the Alumnae Hall .
avoid 164 Angel and go to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
avoid Brown University Bookstore and go to the Andrews Terrace .
avoid Alumnae Hall and go to the Biomedical Center .
avoid Andrews Hall and go to the Champlin Hall .
avoid Andreas and go to the Granoff Center .
avoid 219 Bowen and go to the Alumnae Hall .
avoid 164 Angel and go to the New Pembroke 3 .
go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building without touching Morriss Hall .
go to the Thayer and Cushing without touching Spiritus Fermenti .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall without touching Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to the Smith Buonanno Hall without touching Peter Green House .
go to the West House without touching New Pembroke 3 .
go to the Supercuts without touching Spiritus Fermenti .
go to the Thayer and Meeting without touching Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to the West House without touching Peter Green House .
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall without touching New Pembroke 2 .
avoid 111 Brown Street North House on your way to the New Pembroke 4 .
avoid 111 Brown Street North House on your way to the East Side Station Post Office .
avoid CVS on your way to the Pembroke Hall .
avoid New Pembroke 2 on your way to the Miller Hall .
avoid Avon Cinema on your way to the New Pembroke 4 .
avoid Second Time Around on your way to the Pembroke Hall .
go to the New Pembroke 2 while always avoiding Spiritus Fermenti
go to the Pleasant Surprises while always avoiding College Hill Bookstore
go to the J. R. Workman Garden while always avoiding Brown University Bookstore
go to the Avon Cinema while always avoiding Andrews Hall
go to the Berk's;Shanghai while always avoiding Soban
go to the Thayer and Cushing avoiding East Side Station Post Office .
go to the Smith Buonanno Hall avoiding Spiritus Fermenti .
go to the Spiritus Fermenti avoiding Peter Green House .
go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building avoiding Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the 164 Angel avoiding Peter Green House .
head to the Sidney Frank Hall avoiding Andreas .
head to the J. R. Workman Garden avoiding Facing Thayer .
head to the Alumnae Hall avoiding Spiritus Fermenti .
head to the Pembroke Hall avoiding Spiritus Fermenti .
head to the Alumnae Hall avoiding Pembroke Park .
head to the Sharpe House avoiding Brown University Bookstore .
head to the Peter Green House avoiding Sidney Frank Hall .
head to the Miller Hall avoiding Biomedical Center .
head to the Meeting Street Cafe avoiding Champlin Hall .
head to the Emery Hall avoiding Sidney Frank Hall .
head to the Peter Green House avoiding Hillel House .
go to the Andreas and avoid Thayer and Meeting .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall and avoid New Pembroke 3 .
go to the 219 Bowen and avoid New Pembroke 1 .
go to the New Pembroke 3 and avoid Pembroke Hall .
go to the 219 Bowen and avoid Peter Green House .
go to the 219 Bowen and avoid Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to the Salon Persia and avoid New Pembroke 4 .
go to the Second Time Around and avoid Granoff Center .
always avoid New Pembroke 2 and go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
always avoid East Side Station Post Office and go to the 164 Angel .
always avoid Andrews Hall and go to the Champlin Hall .
always avoid Supercuts and go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
always avoid Emery Hall and go to the Andrews Hall .
always avoid CVS and go to the Soban .
always avoid CVS and go to the Thayer and Cushing .
always avoid Sidney Frank Hall and go to the West House .
always avoid Metcalf Hall and go to the Champlin Hall .
avoid Emery Hall and go to the Supercuts .
avoid Blue State Coffee and go to the Thayer and Cushing .
avoid Andrews Terrace and go to the J. R. Workman Garden .
avoid Emery Hall and go to the Miller Hall .
avoid Thayer and Meeting and go to the 164 Angel .
avoid Sidney Frank Hall and move into the Morriss Hall .
avoid Smith Buonanno Hall and move into the Berk's;Shanghai .
avoid J. R. Workman Garden and move into the New Pembroke 2 .
avoid Spiritus Fermenti and move into the New Pembroke 3 .
avoid Avon Cinema and move into the Emery & Wooley .
avoid Berk's;Shanghai and move into the Miller Hall .
avoid Metcalf Hall and move into the Sidney Frank Hall .
avoid Andrews Terrace and move into the Thayer and Cushing .
avoid Granoff Center and move into the Thayer and Meeting .
avoid Meeting Street Cafe and move into the Andrews Hall .
avoid Soban and go to the Thayer and Cushing .
avoid Emery Hall and go to the 219 Bowen .
avoid Berk's;Shanghai and go to the Supercuts .
avoid 219 Bowen and go to the Second Time Around .
avoid Thayer and Meeting and go to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
avoid Andrews Hall and go to the Pleasant Surprises .
avoid Champlin Hall and go to the New Pembroke 4 .
avoid Meeting Street Cafe and go to the 111 Brown Street North House .
go to the 219 Bowen while avoiding Metcalf Hall
go to the Sidney Frank Hall while avoiding Alumnae Hall
go to the Andrews Hall while avoiding 164 Angel
go to the Soban while avoiding New Pembroke 1
go to the Pleasant Surprises while avoiding Biomedical Center
go to the Second Time Around while avoiding Verney-Woolley Hall
go to the 111 Brown Street North House while avoiding Smith Buonanno Hall
navigate to the East Side Station Post Office while avoiding 219 Bowen .
navigate to the Thayer and Meeting while avoiding Andrews Terrace .
navigate to the College Hill Bookstore while avoiding Emery Hall .
navigate to the New Pembroke 1 while avoiding West House .
navigate to the Soban while avoiding Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to the Hillel House without going to Champlin Hall .
go to the West House without going to CVS .
go to the West House without going to Andreas .
go to the New Pembroke 2 without going to Thayer and Cushing .
go to the Thayer and Cushing without going to J. R. Workman Garden .
go to the Smith Buonanno Hall without going to East Side Station Post Office .
go to the J. R. Workman Garden without going to West House .
go to the Second Time Around without going to Pembroke Hall .
go to the Thayer and Meeting without going to Sidney Frank Hall .
go to Pembroke Park
go to Metcalf Hall
go to East Side Station Post Office
go to Miller Hall
go to J. R. Workman Garden
go to West House
go to Andrews Hall
go to the Brown University Bookstore
go to the Emery Hall
go to the Avon Cinema
go to the West House
go to the Morriss Hall
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to the Pembroke Park .
go to the Hillel House .
go to the 164 Angel .
go to the Peter Green House .
go to the Spiritus Fermenti .
go to the Alumnae Hall .
go to the Andrews Terrace .
go to the Biomedical Center .
go to the Hillel House .
go to the Pleasant Surprises .
move to the Granoff Center .
move to the CVS .
move to the Meeting Street Cafe .
move to the New Pembroke 3 .
move to the Second Time Around .
move to the Spiritus Fermenti .
move to the Hillel House .
go to the Andrews Hall .
go to the Miller Hall .
go to the Alumnae Hall .
go to the Peter Green House .
go to the Spiritus Fermenti .
navigate to the Miller Hall .
navigate to the Soban .
navigate to the Sharpe House .
navigate to the Facing Thayer .
navigate to the College Hill Bookstore .
navigate to the 111 Brown Street North House .
navigate to the Granoff Center .
navigate to the New Pembroke 3 .
navigate to the Berk's;Shanghai .
navigate to the Andrews Hall .
navigate to the Pembroke Park .
navigate to the Biomedical Center .
navigate to the New Pembroke 1 .
go to Avon Cinema
go to Granoff Center
go to Andrews Terrace
go to Blue State Coffee
go to Second Time Around
go to New Pembroke 2
go to Thayer and Cushing
go to CVS
go to Avon Cinema
go to J. R. Workman Garden
go to Andreas
go to Avon Cinema
go to the Emery & Wooley .
go to the Pembroke Hall .
go to the Pembroke Hall .
go to the Granoff Center .
go to the J. R. Workman Garden .
go to the Soban .
go to the Supercuts .
go to the Miller Hall .
go to the 219 Bowen .
go to the 219 Bowen .
go to the Brown University Bookstore .
go to anywhere on the Pleasant Surprises .
go to anywhere on the Alumnae Hall .
go to anywhere on the Salon Persia .
go to anywhere on the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to anywhere on the J. R. Workman Garden .
go to anywhere on the West House .
go to anywhere on the Miller Hall .
go to anywhere on the Andreas .
navigate to the 219 Bowen .
navigate to the West House .
navigate to the 164 Angel .
navigate to the Andrews Terrace .
navigate to the Berk's;Shanghai .
navigate to the Facing Thayer .
navigate to the Berk's;Shanghai .
navigate to the West House .
go to the Sharpe House .
go to the New Pembroke 3 .
go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to the Biomedical Center .
go to the College Hill Bookstore .
go to the Peter Green House .
go to the Avon Cinema .
head to the Meeting Street Cafe .
head to the Peter Green House .
head to the Meeting Street Cafe .
head to the Pembroke Park .
head to the Granoff Center .
head to the 111 Brown Street North House .
head to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
head to the Emery Hall .
head to the Blue State Coffee .
go to the Alumnae Hall
go to the Smith Buonanno Hall
go to the New Pembroke 1
go to the Miller Hall
go to the Metcalf Hall
go to the Pleasant Surprises
go to the College Hill Bookstore
go to the Salon Persia
go to the East Side Station Post Office
go to the Metcalf Hall
go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building
go to the Meeting Street Cafe
navigate to the College Hill Bookstore .
navigate to the Pleasant Surprises .
navigate to the Thayer and Cushing .
navigate to the Granoff Center .
navigate to the Thayer and Meeting .
navigate to the Granoff Center .
navigate to the Andrews Hall .
navigate to the Avon Cinema .
navigate to the Alumnae Hall .
navigate to the Sharpe House .
navigate to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to the Pembroke Hall .
go to the Hillel House .
go to the Alumnae Hall .
go to the Andreas .
go to the Andrews Hall .
go to the New Pembroke 2 .
go to the Facing Thayer .
go to the Andreas .
go to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to the West House .
go to the Granoff Center .
go to the Peter Green House .
go to the New Pembroke 3 .
go to the Soban .
go to the New Pembroke 3 .
go to the Emery Hall .
go to the Andrews Terrace .
go to the Emery & Wooley .
navigate directly to the Emery Hall .
navigate directly to the Brown University Bookstore .
navigate directly to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
navigate directly to the Biomedical Center .
navigate directly to the Pleasant Surprises .
navigate directly to the Hillel House .
navigate directly to the Blue State Coffee .
navigate directly to the Pembroke Hall .
navigate directly to the Metcalf Hall .
navigate directly to the New Pembroke 1 .
go to the New Pembroke 3 .
go to the Granoff Center .
go to the 111 Brown Street North House .
go to the 219 Bowen .
go to the Andrews Terrace .
go to the Pleasant Surprises
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall
go to the Morriss Hall
go to the Peter Green House
go to the Sharpe House
go to the Alumnae Hall
go to the Berk's;Shanghai
go to the New Pembroke 2
go to the Second Time Around
go to the Biomedical Center
go to the Smith Buonanno Hall
go to the Emery & Wooley .
go to the New Pembroke 3 .
go to the Biomedical Center .
go to the East Side Station Post Office .
go to the Andreas .
go to the Emery & Wooley .
go to the New Pembroke 1 .
go to the East Side Station Post Office .
go to the Pleasant Surprises .
go to the New Pembroke 4 .
go to the New Pembroke 2 .
go to the Champlin Hall .
go to the Smith Buonanno Hall
go to the West House
go to the Granoff Center
go to the Pembroke Park
go to the Sidney Frank Hall
go to the Granoff Center
go to the Spiritus Fermenti
go to the Thayer and Cushing
go to the Andreas
go to the Pembroke Park
go to the Granoff Center
go to the Pembroke Hall
go to the Emery & Wooley .
go to the West House .
go to the Facing Thayer .
go to the Pleasant Surprises .
go to the New Pembroke 1 .
go to the Champlin Hall .
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to the Meeting Street Cafe
go to the Andreas
go to the Smith Buonanno Hall
go to the West House
go to the Andrews Hall
go to the Spiritus Fermenti
go to the 219 Bowen
go to the Miller Hall .
go to the West House .
go to the Andreas .
go to the Pembroke Hall .
go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to the West House .
go to the Blue State Coffee .
go to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to the Morriss Hall .
go to the Biomedical Center .
move to the Champlin Hall .
move to the Berk's;Shanghai .
move to the J. R. Workman Garden .
move to the Avon Cinema .
move to the Second Time Around .
move to the Metcalf Hall .
move to the 219 Bowen .
move to the Avon Cinema .
move to the New Pembroke 4 .
move to the Emery Hall .
move to the Pleasant Surprises .
go to the New Pembroke 1
go to the Andreas
go to the Sidney Frank Hall
go to the Second Time Around
go to the Metcalf Hall
go to the Emery & Wooley
go to the Berk's;Shanghai
go to the Brown University Bookstore
go to the East Side Station Post Office
go to the Pembroke Park
go to the Pleasant Surprises
go to the Pleasant Surprises
navigate to the Pleasant Surprises .
navigate to the Blue State Coffee .
navigate to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
navigate to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
navigate to the New Pembroke 3 .
navigate to the New Pembroke 3 .
navigate to the Meeting Street Cafe .
navigate to the Metcalf Hall .
navigate to the Spiritus Fermenti .
go to the Granoff Center
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall
go to the Soban
go to the Granoff Center
go to the J. R. Workman Garden
go to the Berk's;Shanghai
go to the Pembroke Hall
go to the New Pembroke 3
go to the Metcalf Hall
go to the New Pembroke 4 .
go to the Second Time Around .
go to the Andrews Hall .
go to the Andreas .
go to the Blue State Coffee .
go to the Spiritus Fermenti .
go to the New Pembroke 1 .
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to the Andreas .
go to the Facing Thayer .
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
go through the Pembroke Hall to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go through the Sharpe House to Biomedical Center .
go through the East Side Station Post Office to New Pembroke 2 .
go through the West House to Granoff Center .
go through the Emery Hall to Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the Hillel House and then to Sharpe House .
go to the Second Time Around and then to West House .
go to the Emery & Wooley and then to CVS .
go to the East Side Station Post Office and then to Sharpe House .
go to the J. R. Workman Garden and then to Soban .
go to the Granoff Center and then to 219 Bowen .
go to the Andreas and then to Smith Buonanno Hall .
move to Pleasant Surprises , but travel to the New Pembroke 1 first .
move to New Pembroke 4 , but travel to the Avon Cinema first .
move to New Pembroke 3 , but travel to the Biomedical Center first .
move to Verney-Woolley Hall , but travel to the Supercuts first .
move to East Side Station Post Office , but travel to the Spiritus Fermenti first .
move to College Hill Bookstore , but travel to the Emery Hall first .
move to Emery & Wooley , but travel to the Andreas first .
move to Emery Hall , but travel to the West House first .
move to Second Time Around , but travel to the Thayer and Cushing first .
go from the 164 Angel to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go from the New Pembroke 3 to 164 Angel .
go from the Avon Cinema to Supercuts .
go from the Morriss Hall to Soban .
go from the CVS to East Side Station Post Office .
go from the West House to Andreas .
go from the Champlin Hall to Pembroke Hall .
go from the Pembroke Hall to Supercuts .
go to Pembroke Park through the Champlin Hall
go to Brown University Bookstore through the Andrews Terrace
go to Pleasant Surprises through the Morriss Hall
go to Thayer and Meeting through the Supercuts
go to CVS through the College Hill Bookstore
go to Emery & Wooley through the Thayer and Cushing
go to Sharpe House through the Biomedical Center
go to Smith Buonanno Hall through the Salon Persia
go to Blue State Coffee through the Pembroke Hall
go to Andrews Terrace through the Soban
go to 164 Angel through the Thayer and Cushing
go to Avon Cinema through the Second Time Around
go to Spiritus Fermenti through the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building
go to Thayer and Meeting through the 164 Angel
go to New Pembroke 2 through the Granoff Center
go to Supercuts through the Morriss Hall
go to Spiritus Fermenti through the Facing Thayer
go to Morriss Hall through the Sidney Frank Hall
go to Sharpe House through the Pembroke Park
go to J. R. Workman Garden through the Sidney Frank Hall
go to Andrews Terrace through the CVS
go to Spiritus Fermenti through the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building
go to Pembroke Hall and then to Avon Cinema
go to Thayer and Cushing and then to Blue State Coffee
go to West House and then to Andrews Terrace
go to Pembroke Hall and then to Morriss Hall
go to Morriss Hall and then to Emery Hall
go to Peter Green House and then to Granoff Center
go to Thayer and Meeting and then to Peter Green House
go to Alumnae Hall and then to Sidney Frank Hall
go to Meeting Street Cafe and then to Soban
go to Sharpe House and then to Emery & Wooley
go through the 111 Brown Street North House to 164 Angel .
go through the Sidney Frank Hall to Andreas .
go through the CVS to Smith Buonanno Hall .
go through the New Pembroke 4 to Meeting Street Cafe .
go through the Spiritus Fermenti to Morriss Hall .
go through the New Pembroke 4 to Andrews Terrace .
go through the Thayer and Cushing to Pembroke Park .
go through the New Pembroke 2 to Spiritus Fermenti .
go to the Spiritus Fermenti before you navigate to 111 Brown Street North House .
go to the Metcalf Hall before you navigate to Emery & Wooley .
go to the West House before you navigate to Alumnae Hall .
go to the Andrews Terrace before you navigate to Salon Persia .
go to the New Pembroke 1 before you navigate to Metcalf Hall .
go to the Pleasant Surprises before you navigate to Champlin Hall .
travel to the Pembroke Hall and then go to Thayer and Meeting .
travel to the Verney-Woolley Hall and then go to New Pembroke 2 .
travel to the College Hill Bookstore and then go to J. R. Workman Garden .
travel to the Brown University Bookstore and then go to Soban .
travel to the Thayer and Cushing and then go to Meeting Street Cafe .
travel to the Miller Hall and then go to Granoff Center .
travel to the New Pembroke 4 and then go to 111 Brown Street North House .
travel to the Granoff Center and then go to West House .
travel to the Supercuts and then go to Brown University Bookstore .
go to the Sharpe House and then to West House .
go to the Hillel House and then to College Hill Bookstore .
go to the Emery & Wooley and then to CVS .
go to the New Pembroke 2 and then to J. R. Workman Garden .
go to the Morriss Hall and then to Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall and then to Blue State Coffee .
go to the Metcalf Hall and then to East Side Station Post Office .
go to the Biomedical Center and then to New Pembroke 2 .
go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building and then to Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the New Pembroke 2 and then to Andrews Terrace .
go to the Thayer and Meeting and then head to Emery Hall .
go to the Meeting Street Cafe and then head to Andrews Hall .
go to the West House and then head to New Pembroke 1 .
go to the Morriss Hall and then head to 111 Brown Street North House .
go to the Sharpe House and then head to Thayer and Meeting .
go to the Berk's;Shanghai and then head to Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the Brown University Bookstore and then head to College Hill Bookstore .
go to the Smith Buonanno Hall and then head to Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the Morriss Hall and then head to Biomedical Center .
navigate to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building through the College Hill Bookstore .
navigate to Alumnae Hall through the New Pembroke 2 .
navigate to College Hill Bookstore through the Salon Persia .
navigate to Soban through the New Pembroke 4 .
navigate to Verney-Woolley Hall through the Soban .
navigate to Emery Hall through the Thayer and Meeting .
navigate to Pembroke Hall through the Second Time Around .
navigate to 164 Angel through the Champlin Hall .
navigate to Pembroke Park through the New Pembroke 1 .
navigate to 111 Brown Street North House through the Salon Persia .
go to 219 Bowen . then go directly to Miller Hall
go to East Side Station Post Office . then go directly to Avon Cinema
go to Granoff Center . then go directly to Thayer and Meeting
go to Supercuts . then go directly to Emery Hall
go to New Pembroke 2 . then go directly to Avon Cinema
go to West House . then go directly to Metcalf Hall
go to 164 Angel . then go directly to Facing Thayer
go to Smith Buonanno Hall . then go directly to West House
go to the New Pembroke 3 then go to New Pembroke 1 .
go to the Hillel House then go to Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to the Alumnae Hall then go to CVS .
go to the Salon Persia then go to Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to the New Pembroke 4 then go to Salon Persia .
go to the Granoff Center then go Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall then go Metcalf Hall .
go to the Emery Hall then go Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the Miller Hall then go New Pembroke 3 .
go to the Supercuts then go Morriss Hall .
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall then go Miller Hall .
go to the Spiritus Fermenti then go Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to the West House then go New Pembroke 4 .
go to Andrews Terrace via the Brown University Bookstore .
go to Brown University Bookstore via the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to Emery & Wooley via the New Pembroke 4 .
go to Metcalf Hall via the Biomedical Center .
go to Second Time Around via the Champlin Hall .
go to Second Time Around via the Avon Cinema .
go to 219 Bowen via the Pembroke Park .
go to New Pembroke 2 via the Peter Green House .
go to Hillel House through the Andreas .
go to Sidney Frank Hall through the East Side Station Post Office .
go to CVS through the Peter Green House .
go to Sidney Frank Hall through the 111 Brown Street North House .
go to Berk's;Shanghai through the Sharpe House .
go to Peter Green House through the Alumnae Hall .
go to Sharpe House through the Soban .
go from Avon Cinema to Morriss Hall .
go from Biomedical Center to Smith Buonanno Hall .
go from 111 Brown Street North House to West House .
go from CVS to Sidney Frank Hall .
go from Champlin Hall to Metcalf Hall .
navigate to Biomedical Center through the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
navigate to Supercuts through the Pembroke Hall .
navigate to Berk's;Shanghai through the West House .
navigate to Alumnae Hall through the Granoff Center .
navigate to Thayer and Cushing through the New Pembroke 1 .
navigate to 164 Angel through the New Pembroke 2 .
navigate to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building then continue to Blue State Coffee .
navigate to the West House then continue to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
navigate to the 164 Angel then continue to Biomedical Center .
navigate to the Alumnae Hall then continue to Salon Persia .
navigate to the Emery & Wooley then continue to New Pembroke 1 .
navigate to the Thayer and Meeting then continue to College Hill Bookstore .
navigate to the Supercuts then continue to Andrews Hall .
navigate to the Sidney Frank Hall then continue to New Pembroke 1 .
move to the J. R. Workman Garden and then head to New Pembroke 3 .
move to the Emery Hall and then head to Emery & Wooley .
move to the Andreas and then head to West House .
move to the Thayer and Meeting and then head to Miller Hall .
move to the College Hill Bookstore and then head to Salon Persia .
move to the Sharpe House and then head to West House .
move to the Biomedical Center and then head to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to Andrews Hall after navigating to the Andrews Terrace .
go to College Hill Bookstore after navigating to the Peter Green House .
go to Morriss Hall after navigating to the Pleasant Surprises .
go to Meeting Street Cafe after navigating to the Hillel House .
go to Spiritus Fermenti after navigating to the Morriss Hall .
go to Facing Thayer after navigating to the Brown University Bookstore .
go to West House after navigating to the Pleasant Surprises .
go to Pembroke Park after navigating to the Pleasant Surprises .
go to Metcalf Hall after navigating to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to Pembroke Park after navigating to the Spiritus Fermenti .
go to West House after navigating to the J. R. Workman Garden .
go to Berk's;Shanghai after navigating to the Andrews Hall .
go to East Side Station Post Office through the J. R. Workman Garden .
go to Second Time Around through the Sharpe House .
go to Berk's;Shanghai through the Brown University Bookstore .
go to Pleasant Surprises through the Thayer and Cushing .
go to Meeting Street Cafe through the Pleasant Surprises .
go to Thayer and Cushing through the Alumnae Hall
go to Andrews Terrace through the Spiritus Fermenti
go to West House through the 164 Angel
go to Smith Buonanno Hall through the Emery Hall
go to Granoff Center through the Pembroke Hall
go to New Pembroke 3 through the Salon Persia
go to Peter Green House through the Thayer and Meeting
go through the Brown University Bookstore to Soban .
go through the Second Time Around to Supercuts .
go through the Hillel House to Second Time Around .
go through the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building to Brown University Bookstore .
go through the 164 Angel to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go through the West House to Alumnae Hall .
go through the East Side Station Post Office to New Pembroke 1 .
go through the East Side Station Post Office to Hillel House .
go from the New Pembroke 4 to Meeting Street Cafe
go from the 164 Angel to Facing Thayer
go from the New Pembroke 1 to J. R. Workman Garden
go from the East Side Station Post Office to Pembroke Park
go from the Sharpe House to Smith Buonanno Hall
go from the Andreas to Meeting Street Cafe
go from the Thayer and Meeting to New Pembroke 4
go from the Sharpe House to New Pembroke 2
go from the East Side Station Post Office to New Pembroke 1
go from the Second Time Around to Spiritus Fermenti
go from the Sharpe House to Sidney Frank Hall
go from the Smith Buonanno Hall to Andreas
move to Sidney Frank Hall after moving to the Pembroke Park .
move to College Hill Bookstore after moving to the Hillel House .
move to Supercuts after moving to the Andrews Hall .
move to Blue State Coffee after moving to the Morriss Hall .
move to CVS after moving to the Spiritus Fermenti .
move to Alumnae Hall after moving to the New Pembroke 1 .
move to Sharpe House after moving to the Soban .
move to Second Time Around after moving to the Pembroke Park .
move to Pleasant Surprises after moving to the Alumnae Hall .
go to J. R. Workman Garden via the Spiritus Fermenti .
go to CVS via the Spiritus Fermenti .
go to Biomedical Center via the Miller Hall .
go to West House via the Miller Hall .
go to West House via the Pembroke Park .
go to Avon Cinema via the New Pembroke 1 .
go to Blue State Coffee via the Andrews Terrace .
go to Morriss Hall via the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to Avon Cinema via the Morriss Hall .
go to Emery Hall via the Blue State Coffee .
navigate to the Emery Hall before going to Facing Thayer .
navigate to the Alumnae Hall before going to West House .
navigate to the New Pembroke 4 before going to Spiritus Fermenti .
navigate to the Sharpe House before going to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
navigate to the Pleasant Surprises before going to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
navigate to the Meeting Street Cafe before going to Champlin Hall .
navigate to the Andrews Terrace before going to New Pembroke 4 .
navigate to the Smith Buonanno Hall before going to West House .
navigate to the Pembroke Hall before going to West House .
go from the Berk's;Shanghai to the Second Time Around
go from the Granoff Center to the Smith Buonanno Hall
go from the Avon Cinema to the Sidney Frank Hall
go from the Smith Buonanno Hall to the Morriss Hall
go from the Pembroke Park to the Thayer and Cushing
go from the Meeting Street Cafe to the Biomedical Center
navigate to the New Pembroke 4 always passing through the Sidney Frank Hall .
navigate to the Andrews Hall always passing through the Meeting Street Cafe .
navigate to the Verney-Woolley Hall always passing through the Pembroke Park .
navigate to the Sidney Frank Hall always passing through the Sharpe House .
navigate to the Hillel House always passing through the West House .
navigate to the Hillel House always passing through the Meeting Street Cafe .
navigate to the 164 Angel always passing through the Emery Hall .
navigate to the Andreas always passing through the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
navigate to the New Pembroke 4 always passing through the Pembroke Park .
go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building by first going to the Andrews Terrace .
go to the Brown University Bookstore by first going to the Emery & Wooley .
go to the Avon Cinema by first going to the Andrews Hall .
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall by first going to the Avon Cinema .
go to the Berk's;Shanghai by first going to the Andrews Hall .
go to the Second Time Around by first going to the West House .
go to the Morriss Hall by first going to the East Side Station Post Office .
go to the Miller Hall by first going to the East Side Station Post Office .
go to the Emery & Wooley by first going to the Facing Thayer .
go to the Morriss Hall by first going to the New Pembroke 1 .
go to the Granoff Center by first going to the Andrews Terrace .
go to the Salon Persia by first going to the Miller Hall .
go to the West House then the Andreas .
go to the 164 Angel then the Morriss Hall .
go to the Granoff Center then the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the Metcalf Hall then the Meeting Street Cafe .
go to the Alumnae Hall then the Berk's;Shanghai .
go to the West House then the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the Alumnae Hall then the Blue State Coffee .
go to the Meeting Street Cafe then the 111 Brown Street North House .
navigate to the Peter Green House , and then navigate to the Sidney Frank Hall .
navigate to the Pembroke Park , and then navigate to the Metcalf Hall .
navigate to the Emery & Wooley , and then navigate to the New Pembroke 3 .
navigate to the Verney-Woolley Hall , and then navigate to the New Pembroke 2 .
navigate to the Miller Hall , and then navigate to the Andrews Terrace .
navigate to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building , and then navigate to the West House .
navigate to the Metcalf Hall , and then navigate to the West House .
navigate to the Andrews Hall , and then navigate to the Berk's;Shanghai .
navigate to the West House , and then navigate to the New Pembroke 1 .
navigate to the Alumnae Hall , and then navigate to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the New Pembroke 3 through the Andrews Terrace
go to the Spiritus Fermenti through the Berk's;Shanghai
go to the Granoff Center through the College Hill Bookstore
go to the New Pembroke 1 through the Pleasant Surprises
go to the New Pembroke 2 through the Salon Persia
go to the Andreas through the West House
go to the Granoff Center through the Pembroke Hall
go to the Sidney Frank Hall , and then go to the J. R. Workman Garden .
go to the New Pembroke 2 , and then go to the Metcalf Hall .
go to the New Pembroke 2 , and then go to the Champlin Hall .
go to the Soban , and then go to the Salon Persia .
go to the Spiritus Fermenti , and then go to the J. R. Workman Garden .
go to the Salon Persia , and then go to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
go through the Pembroke Park to the Granoff Center .
go through the Brown University Bookstore to the Pleasant Surprises .
go through the 111 Brown Street North House to the Salon Persia .
go through the CVS to the 219 Bowen .
go through the 111 Brown Street North House to the Metcalf Hall .
from the New Pembroke 2 , navigate to the Andreas .
from the Verney-Woolley Hall , navigate to the Pembroke Hall .
from the Biomedical Center , navigate to the Morriss Hall .
from the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building , navigate to the Sidney Frank Hall .
from the CVS , navigate to the Berk's;Shanghai .
from the Miller Hall , navigate to the Emery Hall .
from the West House , navigate to the Soban .
from the Alumnae Hall , navigate to the Pembroke Hall .
from the West House , navigate to the Alumnae Hall .
from the College Hill Bookstore , navigate to the Sidney Frank Hall .
from the East Side Station Post Office , navigate to the CVS .
from the Metcalf Hall , navigate to the Sharpe House .
visit the Hillel House and then proceed to the Berk's;Shanghai .
visit the 111 Brown Street North House and then proceed to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
visit the College Hill Bookstore and then proceed to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
visit the Verney-Woolley Hall and then proceed to the Spiritus Fermenti .
visit the Smith Buonanno Hall and then proceed to the CVS .
visit the Soban and then proceed to the Andrews Terrace .
visit the Hillel House and then proceed to the New Pembroke 2 .
visit the Thayer and Cushing and then proceed to the Pembroke Hall .
visit the 219 Bowen and then proceed to the CVS .
always go from the New Pembroke 4 to the Emery & Wooley .
always go from the Metcalf Hall to the Soban .
always go from the Morriss Hall to the West House .
always go from the Blue State Coffee to the Emery Hall .
always go from the New Pembroke 1 to the Emery & Wooley .
always go from the Berk's;Shanghai to the 219 Bowen .
always go from the New Pembroke 4 to the West House .
always go from the Morriss Hall to the West House .
always go from the Facing Thayer to the 111 Brown Street North House .
always go from the Smith Buonanno Hall to the Champlin Hall .
always go from the Soban to the West House .
go to the Metcalf Hall , then go to the 219 Bowen .
go to the New Pembroke 4 , then go to the Pleasant Surprises .
go to the Andreas , then go to the Berk's;Shanghai .
go to the Andrews Terrace , then go to the Miller Hall .
go to the Avon Cinema , then go to the Facing Thayer .
go to the Peter Green House , then go to the Soban .
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall after you go to the 164 Angel .
go to the CVS after you go to the New Pembroke 3 .
go to the Sharpe House after you go to the New Pembroke 3 .
go to the Supercuts after you go to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to the Blue State Coffee after you go to the Granoff Center .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall after you go to the West House .
go to the Biomedical Center after you go to the Hillel House .
go to the Brown University Bookstore after you go to the West House .
go to the Thayer and Meeting after going to the Emery & Wooley .
go to the J. R. Workman Garden after going to the Morriss Hall .
go to the Andreas after going to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to the Thayer and Meeting after going to the Alumnae Hall .
go to the Brown University Bookstore after going to the College Hill Bookstore .
go to the Andrews Hall after going to the Emery Hall .
go to the Facing Thayer after going to the New Pembroke 4 .
go to the East Side Station Post Office after going to the J. R. Workman Garden .
go to the New Pembroke 1 after going to the College Hill Bookstore .
go to the Meeting Street Cafe after going to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
go through the Emery & Wooley to the Biomedical Center .
go through the New Pembroke 1 to the Emery Hall .
go through the Emery & Wooley to the Champlin Hall .
go through the Biomedical Center to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go through the Emery Hall to the Emery & Wooley .
go through the Second Time Around to the Emery & Wooley .
go through the West House to the Salon Persia .
go through the Second Time Around to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go through the Blue State Coffee to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go through the Avon Cinema to the Facing Thayer .
go through the Alumnae Hall to the Avon Cinema .
go to the Pembroke Park through the Andrews Terrace .
go to the Metcalf Hall through the Pembroke Hall .
go to the Hillel House through the New Pembroke 3 .
go to the Andrews Hall through the Emery Hall .
go to the Hillel House through the Supercuts .
go to the Peter Green House through the Thayer and Meeting .
visit the Emery Hall then go to the Andreas .
visit the Berk's;Shanghai then go to the Pembroke Park .
visit the Sidney Frank Hall then go to the Salon Persia .
visit the 219 Bowen then go to the Sidney Frank Hall .
visit the Champlin Hall then go to the 219 Bowen .
visit the East Side Station Post Office then go to the New Pembroke 3 .
visit the Metcalf Hall then go to the Champlin Hall .
visit the West House then go to the Metcalf Hall .
visit the Emery & Wooley then go to the East Side Station Post Office .
visit the Miller Hall then go to the Metcalf Hall .
visit the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building then go to the Spiritus Fermenti .
move to anywhere on the J. R. Workman Garden , then move to anywhere on the Hillel House .
move to anywhere on the Biomedical Center , then move to anywhere on the Hillel House .
move to anywhere on the Andrews Hall , then move to anywhere on the Second Time Around .
move to anywhere on the Pembroke Park , then move to anywhere on the Spiritus Fermenti .
move to anywhere on the Facing Thayer , then move to anywhere on the Alumnae Hall .
move to anywhere on the Biomedical Center , then move to anywhere on the Hillel House .
move to anywhere on the Biomedical Center , then move to anywhere on the Soban .
move to anywhere on the Thayer and Cushing , then move to anywhere on the J. R. Workman Garden .
move to anywhere on the College Hill Bookstore , then move to anywhere on the CVS .
move to anywhere on the West House , then move to anywhere on the Alumnae Hall .
move to anywhere on the Emery & Wooley , then move to anywhere on the Sharpe House .
navigate to the Pleasant Surprises through the Alumnae Hall .
navigate to the Brown University Bookstore through the CVS .
navigate to the Emery & Wooley through the Verney-Woolley Hall .
navigate to the 164 Angel through the Avon Cinema .
navigate to the West House through the Granoff Center .
navigate to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building through the West House .
navigate to the Second Time Around through the Brown University Bookstore .
navigate to the 164 Angel through the New Pembroke 2 .
navigate to the New Pembroke 2 through the Hillel House .
navigate to the Pembroke Park through the Emery Hall .
navigate to the Brown University Bookstore through the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the Andrews Terrace then go to the Biomedical Center .
go to the Granoff Center then go to the Champlin Hall .
go to the Facing Thayer then go to the Morriss Hall .
go to the 111 Brown Street North House then go to the New Pembroke 2 .
go to the Thayer and Meeting then go to the Andrews Hall .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall then go to the Avon Cinema .
go to the Morriss Hall through the West House
go to the Second Time Around through the Sharpe House
go to the Pembroke Park through the Avon Cinema
go to the Salon Persia through the Blue State Coffee
go to the Morriss Hall through the Avon Cinema
go to the J. R. Workman Garden through the Blue State Coffee
go to the Facing Thayer through the Thayer and Cushing
go to the College Hill Bookstore through the Blue State Coffee
go to the West House through the New Pembroke 3
go to the 219 Bowen through the 111 Brown Street North House
go to the Pembroke Park through the Sidney Frank Hall
start on the College Hill Bookstore , go directly to the Sidney Frank Hall .
start on the Smith Buonanno Hall , go directly to the Soban .
start on the Andrews Terrace , go directly to the Facing Thayer .
start on the CVS , go directly to the Facing Thayer .
start on the Sidney Frank Hall , go directly to the Metcalf Hall .
start on the Facing Thayer , go directly to the J. R. Workman Garden .
start on the New Pembroke 2 , go directly to the Soban .
go to the Sharpe House before you go to the Pembroke Hall .
go to the College Hill Bookstore before you go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to the Champlin Hall before you go to the Pembroke Park .
go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building before you go to the Miller Hall .
go to the Morriss Hall before you go to the Berk's;Shanghai .
go to the West House before you go to the Pleasant Surprises .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall before you go to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
go through the Avon Cinema to the West House .
go through the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building to the New Pembroke 2 .
go through the Sidney Frank Hall to the Second Time Around .
go through the Pembroke Park to the Metcalf Hall .
go through the Meeting Street Cafe to the Granoff Center .
go through the Pembroke Park to the West House .
go to the Granoff Center and then go directly to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the Pleasant Surprises and then go directly to the West House .
go to the Champlin Hall and then go directly to the Biomedical Center .
go to the Hillel House and then go directly to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to the CVS and then go directly to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to the Avon Cinema and then go directly to the New Pembroke 4 .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall and then go directly to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to the Peter Green House and then go directly to the New Pembroke 3 .
go to the Smith Buonanno Hall and then go directly to the Supercuts .
go to the Andrews Hall through the Sidney Frank Hall
go to the New Pembroke 1 through the Champlin Hall
go to the Emery & Wooley through the Smith Buonanno Hall
go to the Second Time Around through the 219 Bowen
go to the 164 Angel through the Blue State Coffee
go to the Blue State Coffee through the 164 Angel
go to the Thayer and Cushing through the Blue State Coffee
go to the Smith Buonanno Hall through the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building
go to the Hillel House through the Blue State Coffee .
go to the Berk's;Shanghai through the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to the Thayer and Cushing through the Berk's;Shanghai .
go to the Thayer and Meeting through the Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall through the Champlin Hall .
navigate to the Sidney Frank Hall before going to the 164 Angel .
navigate to the Salon Persia before going to the Alumnae Hall .
navigate to the Metcalf Hall before going to the Andrews Hall .
navigate to the Andrews Hall before going to the Peter Green House .
navigate to the Soban before going to the 219 Bowen .
navigate to the Andrews Terrace before going to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
navigate to the 111 Brown Street North House before going to the Blue State Coffee .
navigate to the Meeting Street Cafe before going to the West House .
navigate to the Avon Cinema before going to the Champlin Hall .
go to the Morriss Hall , then head to the Hillel House .
go to the Thayer and Meeting , then head to the Supercuts .
go to the Brown University Bookstore , then head to the CVS .
go to the Metcalf Hall , then head to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to the J. R. Workman Garden , then head to the New Pembroke 4 .
go to the Thayer and Meeting , then head to the Blue State Coffee .
go to the Peter Green House , then head to the Second Time Around .
go to the College Hill Bookstore , then head to the CVS .
go to the New Pembroke 1 , then head to the 164 Angel .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall , then head to the Emery Hall .
go to 1 East Side Station Post Office after Facing Thayer
go to 1 College Hill Bookstore after Avon Cinema
go to 1 East Side Station Post Office after J. R. Workman Garden
go to 1 Pembroke Hall after 219 Bowen
go to 1 Facing Thayer after Thayer and Cushing
go to 1 Blue State Coffee after Spiritus Fermenti
go to 1 Verney-Woolley Hall after 219 Bowen
go to 1 Emery Hall after Facing Thayer
go to 1 Blue State Coffee after 219 Bowen
go to 1 Morriss Hall after Emery Hall
go to Alumnae Hall and then go to the Spiritus Fermenti .
go to College Hill Bookstore and then go to the Morriss Hall .
go to West House and then go to the CVS .
go to Emery & Wooley and then go to the Pleasant Surprises .
go to Andrews Terrace and then go to the Pembroke Hall .
go to West House and then go to the Blue State Coffee .
go to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building and then go to the Emery & Wooley .
go to the Granoff Center via New Pembroke 3 .
go to the Blue State Coffee via New Pembroke 1 .
go to the Emery Hall via Thayer and Cushing .
go to the Thayer and Meeting via Brown University Bookstore .
go to the Supercuts via Facing Thayer .
go to the Spiritus Fermenti via Soban .
go to the Second Time Around via Pembroke Park .
go to New Pembroke 2 before going to the 111 Brown Street North House .
go to West House before going to the Thayer and Cushing .
go to Andrews Terrace before going to the 111 Brown Street North House .
go to Soban before going to the 219 Bowen .
go to CVS before going to the Biomedical Center .
first move to Metcalf Hall then navigate to the Sidney Frank Hall .
first move to Thayer and Meeting then navigate to the Miller Hall .
first move to Emery Hall then navigate to the Sharpe House .
first move to West House then navigate to the Emery Hall .
first move to Metcalf Hall then navigate to the Salon Persia .
first move to New Pembroke 2 then navigate to the Berk's;Shanghai .
first move to Salon Persia then navigate to the Biomedical Center .
first move to Smith Buonanno Hall then navigate to the Champlin Hall .
go through Sharpe House to the 164 Angel .
go through Pembroke Hall to the Thayer and Meeting .
go through Alumnae Hall to the Pleasant Surprises .
go through Smith Buonanno Hall to the Andrews Terrace .
go through Pembroke Park to the Peter Green House .
go through New Pembroke 4 to the Alumnae Hall .
go to Emery Hall and then the Andreas
go to Salon Persia and then the Smith Buonanno Hall
go to Miller Hall and then the Granoff Center
go to Avon Cinema and then the Spiritus Fermenti
go to Miller Hall and then the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building
go to New Pembroke 1 and then the Metcalf Hall
go to Hillel House and then the Granoff Center
go to Soban and then the Metcalf Hall
go to Thayer and Cushing and then the Blue State Coffee
go to Granoff Center and then the Andrews Hall
go to the Emery & Wooley through Champlin Hall
go to the New Pembroke 4 through Peter Green House
go to the Sharpe House through Pembroke Hall
go to the 219 Bowen through Avon Cinema
go to the Biomedical Center through Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building
go to the New Pembroke 4 through Emery Hall
go to the Pleasant Surprises through Miller Hall
go to the Second Time Around through Biomedical Center
go to the Emery Hall through Thayer and Meeting
go to the Thayer and Cushing through College Hill Bookstore
go to the Andrews Terrace through Second Time Around
go to the West House through 164 Angel
go through Peter Green House before going to the Granoff Center .
go through New Pembroke 2 before going to the Hillel House .
go through Soban before going to the New Pembroke 2 .
go through Pembroke Hall before going to the CVS .
go through New Pembroke 4 before going to the Salon Persia .
go through Salon Persia before going to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go through Blue State Coffee before going to the West House .
go through Peter Green House before going to the 111 Brown Street North House .
go through Meeting Street Cafe before going to the Andrews Hall .
go through Soban before going to the New Pembroke 1 .
go through 111 Brown Street North House before going to the Second Time Around .
navigate to East Side Station Post Office then continue to the College Hill Bookstore .
navigate to Andreas then continue to the Emery Hall .
navigate to 219 Bowen then continue to the Spiritus Fermenti .
navigate to Sharpe House then continue to the Brown University Bookstore .
navigate to Pleasant Surprises then continue to the Brown University Bookstore .
navigate to Andrews Terrace then continue to the Second Time Around .
navigate to Meeting Street Cafe then continue to the Avon Cinema .
navigate to Emery & Wooley then continue to the Spiritus Fermenti .
go to the Emery Hall through Avon Cinema .
go to the College Hill Bookstore through Thayer and Cushing .
go to the West House through Meeting Street Cafe .
go to the Berk's;Shanghai through Granoff Center .
go to the Blue State Coffee through Emery Hall .
go to the New Pembroke 2 through Spiritus Fermenti .
go to the Biomedical Center through Alumnae Hall .
go to the Sharpe House through CVS .
go to the New Pembroke 4 through Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the Soban through Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to the Hillel House through New Pembroke 3 .
go to the Meeting Street Cafe through East Side Station Post Office .
go to the Avon Cinema through Miller Hall .
go to the Pleasant Surprises through Andrews Hall .
go to the East Side Station Post Office through Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the Metcalf Hall through Blue State Coffee .
go to the 111 Brown Street North House through Pembroke Hall .
go to the Thayer and Meeting through Champlin Hall
go to the Second Time Around through Andreas
go to the Thayer and Cushing through Granoff Center
go to the East Side Station Post Office through Emery Hall
go to the Alumnae Hall through 164 Angel
go to the Emery & Wooley through Soban
go to the Andrews Hall through Biomedical Center
go to the Alumnae Hall through J. R. Workman Garden
go to the Granoff Center through Biomedical Center
move to Berk's;Shanghai and then proceed to the West House .
move to Sharpe House and then proceed to the Pembroke Hall .
move to Verney-Woolley Hall and then proceed to the Blue State Coffee .
move to Salon Persia and then proceed to the Emery & Wooley .
move to Facing Thayer and then proceed to the Meeting Street Cafe .
move to 219 Bowen and then proceed to the Meeting Street Cafe .
move to Supercuts and then proceed to the Thayer and Meeting .
move to Brown University Bookstore and then proceed to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go through East Side Station Post Office and navigate to the Metcalf Hall .
go through New Pembroke 2 and navigate to the Andreas .
go through New Pembroke 4 and navigate to the 111 Brown Street North House .
go through CVS and navigate to the Soban .
go through Verney-Woolley Hall and navigate to the Salon Persia .
go through Spiritus Fermenti and navigate to the New Pembroke 4 .
go through Sharpe House and navigate to the Salon Persia .
go through Smith Buonanno Hall and navigate to the Metcalf Hall .
go through East Side Station Post Office and navigate to the New Pembroke 4 .
go through Blue State Coffee and navigate to the Sharpe House .
go through Verney-Woolley Hall and navigate to the Hillel House .
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall by first visiting East Side Station Post Office .
go to the New Pembroke 2 by first visiting 111 Brown Street North House .
go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building by first visiting College Hill Bookstore .
go to the Thayer and Meeting by first visiting Facing Thayer .
go to the East Side Station Post Office by first visiting Pembroke Park .
go to the Alumnae Hall by first visiting Pembroke Park .
first go to East Side Station Post Office , then go to the Soban .
first go to 164 Angel , then go to the Granoff Center .
first go to Sidney Frank Hall , then go to the Sharpe House .
first go to Blue State Coffee , then go to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
first go to New Pembroke 4 , then go to the Emery Hall .
first go to Champlin Hall , then go to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
first go to Pleasant Surprises , then go to the Granoff Center .
first go to Supercuts , then go to the New Pembroke 3 .
first go to Berk's;Shanghai , then go to the Biomedical Center .
go through Verney-Woolley Hall to the Granoff Center .
go through Sidney Frank Hall to the Blue State Coffee .
go through Berk's;Shanghai to the New Pembroke 1 .
go through Spiritus Fermenti to the 219 Bowen .
go through Supercuts to the New Pembroke 2 .
go through Blue State Coffee to the Salon Persia .
go through Verney-Woolley Hall to the Hillel House .
go to Brown University Bookstore then go to the Soban .
go to Smith Buonanno Hall then go to the Sharpe House .
go to East Side Station Post Office then go to the Second Time Around .
go to West House then go to the New Pembroke 2 .
go to Verney-Woolley Hall then go to the Salon Persia .
go to Avon Cinema then go to the 164 Angel .
go to 164 Angel then go to the Avon Cinema .
always go to Andrews Hall before navigating to the New Pembroke 1 .
always go to Metcalf Hall before navigating to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
always go to New Pembroke 4 before navigating to the Avon Cinema .
always go to Verney-Woolley Hall before navigating to the Alumnae Hall .
always go to Emery Hall before navigating to the Brown University Bookstore .
always go to New Pembroke 3 before navigating to the 111 Brown Street North House .
always go to Pleasant Surprises before navigating to the Alumnae Hall .
always go to West House before navigating to the Salon Persia .
go to the Granoff Center through Pembroke Hall
go to the Sidney Frank Hall through Berk's;Shanghai
go to the Sidney Frank Hall through Avon Cinema
go to the Soban through Andreas
go to the East Side Station Post Office through Granoff Center
go to the J. R. Workman Garden through Avon Cinema
go to the Miller Hall through Alumnae Hall
go to the Andrews Hall through Salon Persia
go to the Avon Cinema through East Side Station Post Office
go to the Avon Cinema through Supercuts
navigate through Soban and go to the Emery & Wooley .
navigate through New Pembroke 1 and go to the Metcalf Hall .
navigate through Thayer and Meeting and go to the Miller Hall .
navigate through Biomedical Center and go to the Morriss Hall .
navigate through Miller Hall and go to the Pembroke Park .
navigate through Morriss Hall and go to the Brown University Bookstore .
navigate through Hillel House and go to the Miller Hall .
navigate through Andrews Terrace and go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
navigate through Pleasant Surprises and go to the Facing Thayer .
navigate through Hillel House and go to the Thayer and Cushing .
navigate through Champlin Hall and go to the Facing Thayer .
navigate through Verney-Woolley Hall and go to the East Side Station Post Office .
first go to to Andrews Terrace then go to the Sidney Frank Hall .
first go to to Smith Buonanno Hall then go to the Miller Hall .
first go to to Brown University Bookstore then go to the Thayer and Cushing .
first go to to New Pembroke 4 then go to the CVS .
first go to to Andrews Hall then go to the Salon Persia .
first go to to Granoff Center then go to the 164 Angel .
first go to to New Pembroke 3 then go to the Thayer and Cushing .
first go to to Thayer and Meeting then go to the Sidney Frank Hall .
first go to to Hillel House then go to the 111 Brown Street North House .
first go to to Verney-Woolley Hall then go to the East Side Station Post Office .
first go to to Sidney Frank Hall then go to the Brown University Bookstore .
go to the New Pembroke 2 through Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to the Morriss Hall through 219 Bowen .
go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building through Pleasant Surprises .
go to the Peter Green House through Facing Thayer .
go to the Pembroke Hall through Andreas .
go to the West House through Berk's;Shanghai .
go to the 219 Bowen through Miller Hall .
go to the Brown University Bookstore through Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to the Second Time Around through Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the Spiritus Fermenti through Soban .
go to the College Hill Bookstore through Hillel House .
go to the Pembroke Hall through Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
always go through Salon Persia and then to the Second Time Around .
always go through Granoff Center and then to the Sidney Frank Hall .
always go through Salon Persia and then to the 111 Brown Street North House .
always go through New Pembroke 1 and then to the Berk's;Shanghai .
always go through Champlin Hall and then to the Pleasant Surprises .
always go through Metcalf Hall and then to the Salon Persia .
always go through Brown University Bookstore and then to the Emery & Wooley .
always go through 219 Bowen and then to the Alumnae Hall .
go to the West House through Biomedical Center .
go to the College Hill Bookstore through Champlin Hall .
go to the Smith Buonanno Hall through Morriss Hall .
go to the Thayer and Cushing through Andrews Terrace .
go to the Pembroke Hall through New Pembroke 1 .
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall through Brown University Bookstore .
go to the 164 Angel through CVS .
go to the Andreas through Thayer and Meeting .
go to the Smith Buonanno Hall through Andrews Terrace .
go to the Andrews Terrace through Emery & Wooley .
go to New Pembroke 1 before going to the Emery & Wooley
go to Brown University Bookstore before going to the 219 Bowen
go to 219 Bowen before going to the Pembroke Hall
go to Emery & Wooley before going to the West House
go to Supercuts before going to the Andrews Hall
go to J. R. Workman Garden before going to the Second Time Around
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall by first going through East Side Station Post Office .
go to the New Pembroke 2 by first going through Supercuts .
go to the Avon Cinema by first going through East Side Station Post Office .
go to the New Pembroke 3 by first going through New Pembroke 2 .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall by first going through Granoff Center .
go to the Granoff Center by first going through Pembroke Hall .
go to the Pembroke Park by first going through Meeting Street Cafe .
go to the Second Time Around by first going through Andrews Hall .
go to the Soban by first going through Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to the Thayer and Cushing by first going through Andrews Terrace .
always avoid going to Emery Hall through the Smith Buonanno Hall
always avoid going to Pembroke Hall through the Pembroke Park
always avoid going to 111 Brown Street North House through the CVS
always avoid going to Andrews Hall through the Miller Hall
always avoid going to Pembroke Park through the College Hill Bookstore
always avoid going to Sharpe House through the Emery Hall
always avoid going to Avon Cinema through the Verney-Woolley Hall
always avoid going to New Pembroke 4 through the West House
always avoid going to Thayer and Cushing through the Meeting Street Cafe
always avoid going to College Hill Bookstore through the Biomedical Center
go through Second Time Around to the Pleasant Surprises .
go through Champlin Hall to the Meeting Street Cafe .
go through Emery Hall to the Soban .
go through Salon Persia to the Andreas .
go through East Side Station Post Office to the Thayer and Meeting .
go through Peter Green House to the West House .
go through New Pembroke 3 to the Supercuts .
go through the Blue State Coffee to the West House .
go through the West House to the Blue State Coffee .
go through the Thayer and Meeting to the Metcalf Hall .
go through the Soban to the Pembroke Park .
go through the College Hill Bookstore to the Thayer and Cushing .
go through the Sidney Frank Hall to the Champlin Hall .
go through the New Pembroke 4 to the J. R. Workman Garden .
go through the Emery Hall to the Pleasant Surprises .
go through the Brown University Bookstore to the 111 Brown Street North House .
go through the Second Time Around to the Biomedical Center .
go through the Berk's;Shanghai to the College Hill Bookstore .
navigate to the West House after going to the Miller Hall .
navigate to the 111 Brown Street North House after going to the Andreas .
navigate to the Supercuts after going to the Biomedical Center .
navigate to the Second Time Around after going to the Berk's;Shanghai .
navigate to the Facing Thayer after going to the Andrews Hall .
navigate to the Miller Hall after going to the CVS .
navigate to the J. R. Workman Garden after going to the Thayer and Cushing .
go to the Alumnae Hall , then navigate to the Andrews Hall .
go to the CVS , then navigate to the West House .
go to the Pembroke Hall , then navigate to the Pembroke Park .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall , then navigate to the Andreas .
go to the Alumnae Hall , then navigate to the Andrews Terrace .
go to the Andrews Terrace , then navigate to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the Soban , then navigate to the Peter Green House .
go to the Avon Cinema , then navigate to the Pleasant Surprises .
go to the New Pembroke 1 then move to the Metcalf Hall .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall then move to the East Side Station Post Office .
go to the Soban then move to the Thayer and Meeting .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall then move to the Thayer and Cushing .
go to the Smith Buonanno Hall then move to the Morriss Hall .
go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building then move to the 219 Bowen .
go to the Sharpe House then move to the West House .
go to the J. R. Workman Garden then move to the 164 Angel .
go to the Champlin Hall then move to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the Metcalf Hall then move to the Andreas .
go to the New Pembroke 1 through the Miller Hall
go to the West House through the Pembroke Hall
go to the Sidney Frank Hall through the Facing Thayer
go to the 111 Brown Street North House through the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building
go to the New Pembroke 3 through the Biomedical Center
go through the J. R. Workman Garden and navigate to the 111 Brown Street North House .
go through the East Side Station Post Office and navigate to the Andrews Hall .
go through the Thayer and Meeting and navigate to the Emery Hall .
go through the Hillel House and navigate to the Soban .
go through the Hillel House and navigate to the 111 Brown Street North House .
from the Sidney Frank Hall , navigate to the Biomedical Center .
from the Supercuts , navigate to the New Pembroke 4 .
from the Second Time Around , navigate to the Brown University Bookstore .
from the New Pembroke 4 , navigate to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
from the Emery Hall , navigate to the Morriss Hall .
from the Andrews Hall , navigate to the Facing Thayer .
from the West House , navigate to the Sharpe House .
from the West House , navigate to the Thayer and Cushing .
from the Thayer and Meeting , navigate to the 164 Angel .
from the Spiritus Fermenti , navigate to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
from the Sidney Frank Hall , navigate to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
navigate to the Second Time Around before going to the Avon Cinema .
navigate to the Hillel House before going to the Peter Green House .
navigate to the Hillel House before going to the Sidney Frank Hall .
navigate to the Second Time Around before going to the Emery Hall .
navigate to the 111 Brown Street North House before going to the Berk's;Shanghai .
navigate to the New Pembroke 3 before going to the Pembroke Hall .
navigate to the Pembroke Park before going to the Granoff Center .
navigate to the Meeting Street Cafe before going to the CVS .
navigate to the Biomedical Center before going to the East Side Station Post Office .
navigate to the 219 Bowen before going to the Sharpe House .
navigate to the Champlin Hall before going to the 164 Angel .
go through the 164 Angel to the Emery & Wooley .
go through the Avon Cinema to the J. R. Workman Garden .
go through the Metcalf Hall to the Pleasant Surprises .
go through the Soban to the Alumnae Hall .
go through the Avon Cinema to the 164 Angel .
go through the 111 Brown Street North House to the Granoff Center .
go through the Peter Green House to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go through the Emery Hall to the 219 Bowen .
go through the Emery & Wooley to the Meeting Street Cafe .
go from the New Pembroke 4 to the New Pembroke 1
go from the New Pembroke 2 to the West House
go from the Supercuts to the Andrews Hall
go from the College Hill Bookstore to the West House
go from the Thayer and Meeting to the West House
go from the Metcalf Hall to the West House
go from the Smith Buonanno Hall to the Andrews Hall
go from the Salon Persia to the Miller Hall
move to the Morriss Hall but ensure to go to the East Side Station Post Office first .
move to the West House but ensure to go to the Emery Hall first .
move to the Andrews Terrace but ensure to go to the Berk's;Shanghai first .
move to the Emery & Wooley but ensure to go to the CVS first .
move to the Morriss Hall but ensure to go to the Pleasant Surprises first .
move to the Peter Green House but ensure to go to the J. R. Workman Garden first .
move to the New Pembroke 2 but ensure to go to the 219 Bowen first .
move to the Facing Thayer but ensure to go to the Soban first .
go from Morriss Hall to Biomedical Center .
go from New Pembroke 4 to Sharpe House .
go from Pembroke Park to Supercuts .
go from Sharpe House to Smith Buonanno Hall .
go from Spiritus Fermenti to Second Time Around .
go from New Pembroke 3 to Salon Persia .
go to the Miller Hall , then go to the Spiritus Fermenti .
go to the Meeting Street Cafe , then go to the Miller Hall .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall , then go to the Second Time Around .
go to the Miller Hall , then go to the Brown University Bookstore .
go to the Andrews Terrace , then go to the Andreas .
go from the College Hill Bookstore to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
go from the 219 Bowen to the Andreas .
go from the Morriss Hall to the New Pembroke 4 .
go from the Second Time Around to the J. R. Workman Garden .
go from the Andrews Terrace to the Sharpe House .
go to the East Side Station Post Office , then go to the Soban
go to the Facing Thayer , then go to the Blue State Coffee
go to the Supercuts , then go to the Pleasant Surprises
go to the Champlin Hall , then go to the Alumnae Hall
go to the Meeting Street Cafe , then go to the West House
go to the J. R. Workman Garden , then go to the Sidney Frank Hall
go to the Supercuts , then go to the Sidney Frank Hall
go to the Andreas , then go to the New Pembroke 3
go from the 219 Bowen to the Supercuts
go from the Facing Thayer to the Hillel House
go from the Avon Cinema to the Sidney Frank Hall
go from the New Pembroke 4 to the Brown University Bookstore
go from the Biomedical Center to the Andreas
go from the New Pembroke 2 to the New Pembroke 4
go to the 219 Bowen through the Alumnae Hall .
go to the 219 Bowen through the West House .
go to the New Pembroke 3 through the J. R. Workman Garden .
go to the Blue State Coffee through the Soban .
go to the Thayer and Meeting through the Morriss Hall .
go to the New Pembroke 3 through the Sharpe House .
go to the Pleasant Surprises through the New Pembroke 2 .
go to the Pembroke Hall through the Pleasant Surprises .
go to the Brown University Bookstore and then go to the Peter Green House .
go to the 219 Bowen and then go to the Alumnae Hall .
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall and then go to the Andrews Hall .
go to the Soban and then go to the 219 Bowen .
go to the Supercuts and then go to the Berk's;Shanghai .
go to the New Pembroke 4 and then go to the Brown University Bookstore .
go to the Meeting Street Cafe and then go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to the Avon Cinema and then go to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the Pembroke Hall , then go to the Miller Hall .
go to the New Pembroke 3 , then go to the New Pembroke 2 .
go to the West House , then go to the New Pembroke 2 .
go to the Morriss Hall , then go to the Emery & Wooley .
go to the Supercuts , then go to the Champlin Hall .
go to the Smith Buonanno Hall , then go to the Thayer and Cushing .
go to the Thayer and Cushing , then go to the Emery & Wooley .
navigate to the Salon Persia by passing through the CVS .
navigate to the Spiritus Fermenti by passing through the Berk's;Shanghai .
navigate to the Thayer and Cushing by passing through the Berk's;Shanghai .
navigate to the College Hill Bookstore by passing through the Hillel House .
navigate to the Meeting Street Cafe by passing through the Emery & Wooley .
navigate to the Champlin Hall by passing through the 164 Angel .
navigate to the West House by passing through the Emery Hall .
navigate from the Brown University Bookstore to the Supercuts .
navigate from the Pembroke Park to the Thayer and Cushing .
navigate from the New Pembroke 1 to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
navigate from the Emery & Wooley to the New Pembroke 3 .
navigate from the College Hill Bookstore to the Supercuts .
navigate from the Supercuts to the Pembroke Hall .
navigate from the 111 Brown Street North House to the Miller Hall .
navigate from the Metcalf Hall to the New Pembroke 1 .
navigate from the Pembroke Park to the Avon Cinema .
navigate from the Miller Hall to the J. R. Workman Garden .
navigate from the Miller Hall to the Thayer and Meeting .
head to the Berk's;Shanghai but first go to the Biomedical Center .
head to the New Pembroke 2 but first go to the Meeting Street Cafe .
head to the Facing Thayer but first go to the Second Time Around .
head to the Supercuts but first go to the Andrews Terrace .
head to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building but first go to the 164 Angel .
head to the New Pembroke 1 but first go to the Blue State Coffee .
head to the Andrews Hall but first go to the Sidney Frank Hall .
head to the Verney-Woolley Hall but first go to the East Side Station Post Office .
go to the 111 Brown Street North House through the West House
go to the Spiritus Fermenti through the Thayer and Meeting
go to the Peter Green House through the CVS
go to the New Pembroke 3 through the West House
go to the Peter Green House through the Smith Buonanno Hall
go to the Morriss Hall then go to the Metcalf Hall
go to the 219 Bowen then go to the Berk's;Shanghai
go to the Smith Buonanno Hall then go to the Salon Persia
go to the CVS then go to the Supercuts
go to the New Pembroke 1 then go to the Salon Persia
go to the Andreas then go to the Morriss Hall
go to the CVS then go to the Blue State Coffee
go to the Metcalf Hall then go to the Brown University Bookstore
go from the Pembroke Hall to the Emery & Wooley
go from the 219 Bowen to the Spiritus Fermenti
go from the East Side Station Post Office to the Alumnae Hall
go from the New Pembroke 1 to the Emery Hall
go from the J. R. Workman Garden to the CVS
go from the Berk's;Shanghai to the Supercuts
go from the Blue State Coffee to the 219 Bowen
go to the Morriss Hall through the Pembroke Hall
go to the Champlin Hall through the Pembroke Hall
go to the Salon Persia through the Facing Thayer
go to the New Pembroke 2 through the New Pembroke 4
go to the Berk's;Shanghai through the Emery Hall
go to the Morriss Hall through the Sidney Frank Hall
go to the Peter Green House through the 219 Bowen
go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building through the Emery Hall
go to the West House through the New Pembroke 4
go to the Brown University Bookstore through the Alumnae Hall
go to the New Pembroke 1 and then go to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to the 164 Angel and then go to the Berk's;Shanghai .
go to the Thayer and Cushing and then go to the College Hill Bookstore .
go to the Sharpe House and then go to the Meeting Street Cafe .
go to the West House and then go to the New Pembroke 4 .
go to the Miller Hall and then go to the Pembroke Park .
go to the CVS and then go to the Thayer and Meeting .
go to the Soban and then go to the Meeting Street Cafe .
go to the Emery & Wooley and then go to the Pembroke Park .
go through the Andrews Hall to the 219 Bowen
go through the New Pembroke 1 to the Verney-Woolley Hall
go through the Soban to the Pleasant Surprises
go through the Avon Cinema to the Andreas
go through the West House to the East Side Station Post Office
go through the Thayer and Cushing to the Pembroke Park
go through the Emery Hall to the Berk's;Shanghai
go through the Pembroke Park to the Sidney Frank Hall
go through the Spiritus Fermenti to the J. R. Workman Garden
go to the Granoff Center through the Andreas .
go to the West House through the Hillel House .
go to the Metcalf Hall through the Soban .
go to the Spiritus Fermenti through the Andreas .
go to the Smith Buonanno Hall through the Salon Persia .
go to the Supercuts through the Alumnae Hall .
go to the 111 Brown Street North House through the Peter Green House .
go to the Berk's;Shanghai through the Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to the 111 Brown Street North House through the Biomedical Center .
go to the Smith Buonanno Hall through the Champlin Hall .
avoid the Sharpe House until you enter the Sidney Frank Hall .
avoid the Andreas until you enter the Facing Thayer .
avoid the Emery & Wooley until you enter the 164 Angel .
avoid the Hillel House until you enter the Smith Buonanno Hall .
avoid the Champlin Hall until you enter the Thayer and Meeting .
avoid the New Pembroke 4 until you enter the Champlin Hall .
avoid the West House until you enter the New Pembroke 4 .
avoid the 219 Bowen until you enter the Facing Thayer .
avoid the Champlin Hall until you enter the Sidney Frank Hall .
avoid the Thayer and Meeting until you enter the Brown University Bookstore .
go to or through the West House , but avoid going to the West House through the 219 Bowen
go to or through the 219 Bowen , but avoid going to the 219 Bowen through the College Hill Bookstore
go to or through the Meeting Street Cafe , but avoid going to the Meeting Street Cafe through the Andrews Hall
go to or through the Alumnae Hall , but avoid going to the Alumnae Hall through the Champlin Hall
go to or through the College Hill Bookstore , but avoid going to the College Hill Bookstore through the Sidney Frank Hall
go to or through the Avon Cinema , but avoid going to the Avon Cinema through the Peter Green House
avoid the Metcalf Hall until going to the Morriss Hall .
avoid the New Pembroke 2 until going to the Sidney Frank Hall .
avoid the Emery & Wooley until going to the Thayer and Meeting .
avoid the 164 Angel until going to the Andrews Hall .
avoid the Biomedical Center until going to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
avoid the Emery & Wooley until going to the Andrews Hall .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall and if you have reached the Sidney Frank Hall you may proceed to the Andrews Terrace or stay in the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the Avon Cinema and if you have reached the Avon Cinema you may proceed to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building or stay in the Avon Cinema .
go to the Andrews Hall and if you have reached the Andrews Hall you may proceed to the Supercuts or stay in the Andrews Hall .
go to the West House and if you have reached the West House you may proceed to the 111 Brown Street North House or stay in the West House .
go to the Smith Buonanno Hall and if you have reached the Smith Buonanno Hall you may proceed to the Alumnae Hall or stay in the Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to the Soban or the Hillel House only .
go to the Pleasant Surprises or the 164 Angel only .
go to the Berk's;Shanghai or the New Pembroke 4 only .
go to the New Pembroke 4 or the Champlin Hall only .
go to the Second Time Around or the West House only .
go to the Pleasant Surprises or the Granoff Center only .
go to the J. R. Workman Garden or the Metcalf Hall only .
avoid the Andrews Hall until you go to the Facing Thayer .
avoid the Hillel House until you go to the Supercuts .
avoid the 111 Brown Street North House until you go to the West House .
avoid the Soban until you go to the Andreas .
avoid the Soban until you go to the Alumnae Hall .
avoid the Second Time Around until you go to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
avoid the Pleasant Surprises until you go to the 164 Angel .
avoid the Biomedical Center until after navigating to the Andrews Terrace .
avoid the Hillel House until after navigating to the Facing Thayer .
avoid the Brown University Bookstore until after navigating to the Sidney Frank Hall .
avoid the New Pembroke 1 until after navigating to the Sidney Frank Hall .
avoid the 164 Angel until after navigating to the Sidney Frank Hall .
avoid the Pleasant Surprises until after navigating to the Biomedical Center .
avoid the Salon Persia until after navigating to the Second Time Around .
avoid the Soban until after navigating to the Andrews Terrace .
avoid the Facing Thayer until after navigating to the Morriss Hall .
avoid the Pembroke Park until after navigating to the Spiritus Fermenti .
avoid the Sharpe House and reach Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building
avoid the Champlin Hall and reach Morriss Hall
avoid the Thayer and Meeting and reach Sidney Frank Hall
avoid the 111 Brown Street North House and reach Champlin Hall
avoid the Andreas and reach Biomedical Center
go to the New Pembroke 4 avoiding the Miller Hall . only if you reached the New Pembroke 4 then you may proceed to the Miller Hall .
go to the West House avoiding the East Side Station Post Office . only if you reached the West House then you may proceed to the East Side Station Post Office .
go to the Avon Cinema avoiding the Miller Hall . only if you reached the Avon Cinema then you may proceed to the Miller Hall .
go to the Emery & Wooley avoiding the Berk's;Shanghai . only if you reached the Emery & Wooley then you may proceed to the Berk's;Shanghai .
go to the Hillel House avoiding the Andreas . only if you reached the Hillel House then you may proceed to the Andreas .
go to the 164 Angel avoiding the Pembroke Park . only if you reached the 164 Angel then you may proceed to the Pembroke Park .
go to the Supercuts avoiding the New Pembroke 4 . only if you reached the Supercuts then you may proceed to the New Pembroke 4 .
go to the Biomedical Center avoiding the Emery Hall . only if you reached the Biomedical Center then you may proceed to the Emery Hall .
go to the West House avoiding the CVS . only if you reached the West House then you may proceed to the CVS .
go to the Biomedical Center avoiding the Smith Buonanno Hall . only if you reached the Biomedical Center then you may proceed to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
avoid the Pleasant Surprises until going to the Thayer and Meeting .
avoid the Smith Buonanno Hall until going to the Thayer and Cushing .
avoid the Pleasant Surprises until going to the Sidney Frank Hall .
avoid the Sidney Frank Hall until going to the Pembroke Hall .
avoid the CVS until going to the Berk's;Shanghai .
avoid the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building until going to the Soban .
avoid the Biomedical Center until going to the Pembroke Park .
avoid the Andrews Hall until going to the West House .
avoid the West House until going to the Andreas .
avoid the West House until going to the Sidney Frank Hall .
avoid the Berk's;Shanghai until going to the Soban .
avoid the J. R. Workman Garden until going to the Andreas .
avoid the Pembroke Park until going to the Miller Hall .
avoid the Smith Buonanno Hall until going to the Avon Cinema .
avoid the Sidney Frank Hall until going to the College Hill Bookstore .
avoid the Verney-Woolley Hall until going to the Peter Green House .
avoid the College Hill Bookstore until navigating to the Metcalf Hall .
avoid the Alumnae Hall until navigating to the Pembroke Park .
avoid the Alumnae Hall until navigating to the Peter Green House .
avoid the Biomedical Center until navigating to the Facing Thayer .
avoid the Salon Persia until navigating to the Meeting Street Cafe .
avoid the Peter Green House until navigating to the 219 Bowen .
avoid the College Hill Bookstore until navigating to the Pembroke Park .
avoid the College Hill Bookstore until navigating to the New Pembroke 4 .
avoid the Morriss Hall until navigating to the Avon Cinema .
avoid the Morriss Hall until navigating to the Sidney Frank Hall .
avoid the Emery & Wooley until navigating to the Champlin Hall .
go to the Second Time Around .
go to the Peter Green House .
go to the New Pembroke 3 .
go to the J. R. Workman Garden .
go to the Andrews Terrace .
go to the East Side Station Post Office .
avoid the Thayer and Meeting on your way to the Metcalf Hall . once you get to the Metcalf Hall you can to the Thayer and Meeting .
avoid the Champlin Hall on your way to the Biomedical Center . once you get to the Biomedical Center you can to the Champlin Hall .
avoid the 164 Angel on your way to the Champlin Hall . once you get to the Champlin Hall you can to the 164 Angel .
avoid the Sidney Frank Hall on your way to the New Pembroke 1 . once you get to the New Pembroke 1 you can to the Sidney Frank Hall .
avoid the Facing Thayer on your way to the Blue State Coffee . once you get to the Blue State Coffee you can to the Facing Thayer .
avoid the Emery & Wooley on your way to the Pembroke Hall . once you get to the Pembroke Hall you can to the Emery & Wooley .
avoid the Facing Thayer on your way to the Granoff Center . once you get to the Granoff Center you can to the Facing Thayer .
avoid the East Side Station Post Office on your way to the CVS . once you get to the CVS you can to the East Side Station Post Office .
go to the Pleasant Surprises but do not enter the Metcalf Hall first .
go to the 164 Angel but do not enter the Thayer and Meeting first .
go to the Pembroke Park but do not enter the Facing Thayer first .
go to the CVS but do not enter the Facing Thayer first .
go to the West House but do not enter the Thayer and Cushing first .
go to the Biomedical Center but do not enter the Morriss Hall first .
go to the Avon Cinema but do not enter the East Side Station Post Office first .
go to the Thayer and Cushing but do not enter the Miller Hall first .
go to the Peter Green House but do not enter the Hillel House first .
go to the Emery Hall but do not enter the New Pembroke 1 first .
go to the Pembroke Park without going to the Smith Buonanno Hall . if you reached the Pembroke Park , now you can go to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to the New Pembroke 3 without going to the Thayer and Meeting . if you reached the New Pembroke 3 , now you can go to the Thayer and Meeting .
go to the Thayer and Meeting without going to the Andrews Hall . if you reached the Thayer and Meeting , now you can go to the Andrews Hall .
go to the Berk's;Shanghai without going to the Morriss Hall . if you reached the Berk's;Shanghai , now you can go to the Morriss Hall .
go to the East Side Station Post Office without going to the Sharpe House . if you reached the East Side Station Post Office , now you can go to the Sharpe House .
go to the Blue State Coffee without going to the Peter Green House . if you reached the Blue State Coffee , now you can go to the Peter Green House .
go to the Morriss Hall avoiding the Pembroke Hall . go through the Morriss Hall to get to the Pembroke Hall .
go to the Sharpe House avoiding the Granoff Center . go through the Sharpe House to get to the Granoff Center .
go to the Facing Thayer avoiding the Emery Hall . go through the Facing Thayer to get to the Emery Hall .
go to the Hillel House avoiding the College Hill Bookstore . go through the Hillel House to get to the College Hill Bookstore .
go to the Thayer and Meeting avoiding the West House . go through the Thayer and Meeting to get to the West House .
go to the Hillel House avoiding the Second Time Around . go through the Hillel House to get to the Second Time Around .
avoid the Thayer and Cushing until going to the Spiritus Fermenti .
avoid the Avon Cinema until going to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
avoid the Pleasant Surprises until going to the Sidney Frank Hall .
avoid the CVS until going to the Biomedical Center .
avoid the Sharpe House until going to the West House .
avoid the Alumnae Hall until going to the Sidney Frank Hall .
avoid the Champlin Hall until going to the Berk's;Shanghai .
avoid the Thayer and Cushing until going to the Brown University Bookstore .
avoid the Biomedical Center until going to the Sharpe House .
avoid the Emery & Wooley until going to the Emery Hall .
avoid the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building until going to the 164 Angel .
avoid the J. R. Workman Garden until going to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to Meeting Street Cafe before going in the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to Berk's;Shanghai before going in the East Side Station Post Office .
go to Berk's;Shanghai before going in the Andrews Hall .
go to Thayer and Meeting before going in the Andrews Hall .
go to Hillel House before going in the New Pembroke 1 .
go to 219 Bowen before going in the Peter Green House .
go to Soban before going in the Andreas .
go to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building before going in the Andrews Terrace .
go to Supercuts before going in the Emery Hall .
avoid the Champlin Hall until you go through the J. R. Workman Garden .
avoid the Brown University Bookstore until you go through the Thayer and Cushing .
avoid the Facing Thayer until you go through the Emery Hall .
avoid the Thayer and Cushing until you go through the West House .
avoid the West House until you go through the Emery Hall .
avoid the CVS until you go through the 219 Bowen .
avoid the Andrews Terrace until you go through the Miller Hall .
avoid the CVS until you go through the Emery Hall .
avoid the Granoff Center until you go through the New Pembroke 2 .
avoid the New Pembroke 2 until you go through the Emery Hall .
go to the Second Time Around before going to the Hillel House
go to the East Side Station Post Office before going to the Salon Persia
go to the Emery & Wooley before going to the Morriss Hall
go to the Second Time Around before going to the Pleasant Surprises
go to the Second Time Around before going to the Blue State Coffee
go to the Emery & Wooley before going to the College Hill Bookstore
go to the Andreas before going to the J. R. Workman Garden
avoid the Sidney Frank Hall until going to the Supercuts .
avoid the Emery Hall until going to the Meeting Street Cafe .
avoid the Thayer and Meeting until going to the Avon Cinema .
avoid the Miller Hall until going to the Morriss Hall .
avoid the Granoff Center until going to the Soban .
avoid the Verney-Woolley Hall until going to the New Pembroke 4 .
avoid the Biomedical Center until going to the West House .
avoid the Emery Hall until going to the New Pembroke 3 .
avoid the Morriss Hall until going to the Biomedical Center .
avoid the East Side Station Post Office until going to the Miller Hall .
avoid the East Side Station Post Office until you go to the Facing Thayer .
avoid the Biomedical Center until you go to the Metcalf Hall .
avoid the Smith Buonanno Hall until you go to the New Pembroke 1 .
avoid the Spiritus Fermenti until you go to the Morriss Hall .
avoid the West House until you go to the Spiritus Fermenti .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall while avoiding the Hillel House and if you have reached the Sidney Frank Hall then you can go to the Hillel House .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall while avoiding the Andrews Terrace and if you have reached the Sidney Frank Hall then you can go to the Andrews Terrace .
go to the Hillel House while avoiding the Smith Buonanno Hall and if you have reached the Hillel House then you can go to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to the College Hill Bookstore while avoiding the Metcalf Hall and if you have reached the College Hill Bookstore then you can go to the Metcalf Hall .
go to the Pembroke Park while avoiding the Thayer and Cushing and if you have reached the Pembroke Park then you can go to the Thayer and Cushing .
go to or through the 111 Brown Street North House always avoid going to the 111 Brown Street North House through the Thayer and Cushing
go to or through the Metcalf Hall always avoid going to the Metcalf Hall through the College Hill Bookstore
go to or through the Andrews Terrace always avoid going to the Andrews Terrace through the Morriss Hall
go to or through the J. R. Workman Garden always avoid going to the J. R. Workman Garden through the Sharpe House
go to or through the Meeting Street Cafe always avoid going to the Meeting Street Cafe through the New Pembroke 3
go to or through the Pembroke Hall always avoid going to the Pembroke Hall through the Granoff Center
avoid the New Pembroke 3 until you go to the Hillel House .
avoid the Facing Thayer until you go to the Peter Green House .
avoid the New Pembroke 1 until you go to the Thayer and Cushing .
avoid the New Pembroke 1 until you go to the Spiritus Fermenti .
avoid the College Hill Bookstore until you go to the Thayer and Meeting .
avoid the Granoff Center until you go to the Facing Thayer .
avoid the Blue State Coffee until you go to the West House .
avoid the Andrews Hall until you go to the Morriss Hall .
avoid the Salon Persia until you go to the New Pembroke 4 .
avoid the Soban until you go to the Sidney Frank Hall .
avoid the Meeting Street Cafe until you go to the Alumnae Hall .
avoid the Blue State Coffee until you go to the Andrews Terrace .
avoid the Berk's;Shanghai until going to the Second Time Around .
avoid the Emery & Wooley until going to the Sidney Frank Hall .
avoid the Andrews Terrace until going to the Salon Persia .
avoid the 111 Brown Street North House until going to the Pembroke Park .
avoid the Brown University Bookstore until going to the New Pembroke 4 .
avoid the Alumnae Hall until going to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
avoid the Morriss Hall until going to the College Hill Bookstore .
avoid the Pleasant Surprises until going to the 111 Brown Street North House .
avoid the Granoff Center until going to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
avoid the 164 Angel until going to the Hillel House .
avoid the Pembroke Hall until going to the New Pembroke 2 .
avoid the 111 Brown Street North House until going to the Andrews Hall .
avoid the CVS until after you 've gone to the Salon Persia .
avoid the Biomedical Center until after you 've gone to the Thayer and Cushing .
avoid the J. R. Workman Garden until after you 've gone to the 111 Brown Street North House .
avoid the J. R. Workman Garden until after you 've gone to the CVS .
avoid the Peter Green House until after you 've gone to the Granoff Center .
avoid the Facing Thayer until after you 've gone to the Sharpe House .
avoid the Sharpe House until after you 've gone to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
avoid the Biomedical Center until after you 've gone to the Pembroke Park .
navigate to the 111 Brown Street North House but do not pass through the Blue State Coffee .
navigate to the Andreas but do not pass through the Soban .
navigate to the New Pembroke 2 but do not pass through the 111 Brown Street North House .
navigate to the Brown University Bookstore but do not pass through the Morriss Hall .
navigate to the Avon Cinema but do not pass through the Morriss Hall .
navigate to the Granoff Center but do not pass through the Facing Thayer .
navigate to the West House but do not pass through the Andrews Hall .
navigate to the Peter Green House but do not pass through the Emery Hall .
navigate to the New Pembroke 2 but do not pass through the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building without going through the Pembroke Hall .
go to the Second Time Around without going through the 164 Angel .
go to the Brown University Bookstore without going through the Pleasant Surprises .
go to the Pembroke Hall without going through the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to the Pleasant Surprises without going through the Avon Cinema .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall without going through the Pembroke Hall .
go to the CVS without going through the Emery & Wooley .
go to the Champlin Hall without going through the Thayer and Meeting .
go to the Andrews Hall without going through the Pembroke Hall .
go to the Hillel House without going through the Emery Hall .
travel to Pembroke Park .
travel to Hillel House .
travel to West House .
travel to 111 Brown Street North House .
travel to Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to Biomedical Center .
go to 111 Brown Street North House .
go to 111 Brown Street North House .
go to Meeting Street Cafe .
go to Metcalf Hall .
navigate directly to Biomedical Center .
navigate directly to Brown University Bookstore .
navigate directly to Andrews Terrace .
navigate directly to Salon Persia .
navigate directly to Pembroke Hall .
navigate directly to East Side Station Post Office .
navigate directly to New Pembroke 1 .
navigate directly to College Hill Bookstore .
navigate directly to Biomedical Center .
navigate directly to Meeting Street Cafe .
navigate directly to Granoff Center .
navigate directly to Berk's;Shanghai .
go to the New Pembroke 1
go to the Morriss Hall
go to the New Pembroke 1
go to the Metcalf Hall
go to the Soban
go to the Granoff Center
go to the Blue State Coffee
go to Andrews Hall .
go to Brown University Bookstore .
go to Thayer and Meeting .
go to Pembroke Park .
go to Berk's;Shanghai .
go to West House .
go to Pembroke Park .
go to Champlin Hall
go to Andrews Terrace
go to New Pembroke 3
go to Emery & Wooley
go to Thayer and Meeting
go to Second Time Around
go to Granoff Center
go to College Hill Bookstore
go to Emery Hall
go to Blue State Coffee
go to East Side Station Post Office
go to Meeting Street Cafe
go to 111 Brown Street North House .
go to Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to Andreas .
go to Sidney Frank Hall .
go to Avon Cinema .
navigate to 164 Angel .
navigate to Salon Persia .
navigate to New Pembroke 4 .
navigate to Alumnae Hall .
navigate to Emery & Wooley .
navigate to 164 Angel .
navigate to Facing Thayer .
navigate to 219 Bowen .
navigate to Andrews Hall .
navigate to 111 Brown Street North House .
navigate to Andreas .
navigate to 111 Brown Street North House .
navigate to Soban .
navigate to College Hill Bookstore .
navigate to West House .
navigate to Morriss Hall .
go to CVS .
go to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to Thayer and Cushing .
go to Emery Hall .
go to New Pembroke 4 .
go to Morriss Hall .
go to Sharpe House .
go to Thayer and Meeting .
go to Emery & Wooley .
go to Pleasant Surprises .
go to Hillel House .
go to Sidney Frank Hall .
go to 219 Bowen .
go to Champlin Hall .
go to Thayer and Meeting .
go to Thayer and Meeting .
go to Spiritus Fermenti .
go to Sidney Frank Hall .
go to Alumnae Hall .
go to Sidney Frank Hall .
go to Hillel House .
go to Facing Thayer .
go to Second Time Around .
go to Miller Hall .
go to Pembroke Hall .
go to Peter Green House
go to Thayer and Cushing
go to Spiritus Fermenti
go to Sidney Frank Hall
go to Spiritus Fermenti
go to Meeting Street Cafe
go to Soban
go to Emery & Wooley
go to 164 Angel
go to 111 Brown Street North House
go to Brown University Bookstore
go to West House
go to J. R. Workman Garden .
go to Metcalf Hall .
go to Emery Hall .
go to Brown University Bookstore .
go to New Pembroke 2 .
go to Emery & Wooley .
go to East Side Station Post Office .
go to Sharpe House .
go to Alumnae Hall .
go to East Side Station Post Office .
move to Second Time Around .
move to East Side Station Post Office .
move to Facing Thayer .
move to Metcalf Hall .
move to Champlin Hall .
move to Andrews Hall .
move to College Hill Bookstore .
go to Morriss Hall .
go to Spiritus Fermenti .
go to West House .
go to Avon Cinema .
go to Blue State Coffee .
go to Pleasant Surprises
go to Spiritus Fermenti
go to 111 Brown Street North House
go to Pembroke Park
go to Supercuts
go to Sidney Frank Hall
go to 111 Brown Street North House
go to Alumnae Hall
go to Morriss Hall
go to CVS
go to New Pembroke 1
go to Avon Cinema
go to Hillel House
go to Andreas
go to New Pembroke 3
go to Meeting Street Cafe
go directly to Second Time Around .
go directly to Andrews Terrace .
go directly to New Pembroke 4 .
go directly to West House .
go directly to Pembroke Hall .
go to Miller Hall .
go to Sidney Frank Hall .
go to New Pembroke 1 .
go to 219 Bowen .
go to New Pembroke 1 .
go to West House .
go to J. R. Workman Garden .
go to Meeting Street Cafe .
go to Berk's;Shanghai
go to College Hill Bookstore
go to Granoff Center
go to East Side Station Post Office
go to Blue State Coffee
go to CVS
go to Andreas
go to West House
go to Blue State Coffee
go to Hillel House
go to Champlin Hall .
go to New Pembroke 3 .
go to Pembroke Hall .
go to New Pembroke 1 .
go to Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to Morriss Hall .
go to Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to Biomedical Center .
go to Emery Hall .
go to Facing Thayer .
go to Avon Cinema .
go to Sidney Frank Hall .
navigate to West House .
navigate to Peter Green House .
navigate to Morriss Hall .
navigate to West House .
navigate to Metcalf Hall .
navigate to Sidney Frank Hall .
go to New Pembroke 3 .
go to West House .
go to Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to Andreas .
go to Pembroke Park .
go to Salon Persia .
navigate to West House .
navigate to Granoff Center .
navigate to New Pembroke 1 .
navigate to Pembroke Hall .
navigate to Champlin Hall .
navigate to Hillel House .
navigate to Berk's;Shanghai .
navigate to Verney-Woolley Hall .
navigate to Champlin Hall .
navigate to Pleasant Surprises .
navigate to Pembroke Park .
navigate to New Pembroke 1 .
navigate to Spiritus Fermenti .
navigate to Facing Thayer .
navigate to Champlin Hall .
navigate to Emery & Wooley .
go to Andrews Terrace
go to Biomedical Center
go to 164 Angel
go to Second Time Around
go to New Pembroke 3
go to Champlin Hall
go to Champlin Hall
go to Alumnae Hall
go to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building
go to CVS
travel to Andrews Hall .
travel to Andrews Terrace .
travel to Andrews Terrace .
travel to Thayer and Cushing .
travel to New Pembroke 1 .
travel to Sidney Frank Hall .
travel to East Side Station Post Office .
travel to Verney-Woolley Hall .
travel to Pembroke Hall .
travel to Meeting Street Cafe .
go to Pembroke Hall .
go to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to Miller Hall .
go to Andrews Hall .
go to Hillel House .
go to 164 Angel .
go to New Pembroke 2 .
go to Andrews Terrace
go to Verney-Woolley Hall
go to Biomedical Center
go to Champlin Hall
go to Sidney Frank Hall
go to 219 Bowen
go to Supercuts
go to Smith Buonanno Hall
go to Thayer and Cushing before going to Sharpe House .
go to Verney-Woolley Hall before going to Facing Thayer .
go to Champlin Hall before going to Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to Emery & Wooley before going to 111 Brown Street North House .
go to New Pembroke 2 before going to Pleasant Surprises .
go to East Side Station Post Office before going to Morriss Hall .
go to Thayer and Cushing before going to East Side Station Post Office .
go to Verney-Woolley Hall before going to Peter Green House .
go to CVS before going to Spiritus Fermenti .
go to Alumnae Hall before going to Salon Persia .
go to Blue State Coffee before going to Soban .
go to New Pembroke 1 , then go to Thayer and Cushing
go to Granoff Center , then go to West House
go to Thayer and Meeting , then go to Sidney Frank Hall
go to New Pembroke 1 , then go to Metcalf Hall
go to New Pembroke 2 , then go to Meeting Street Cafe
go to Sidney Frank Hall , then go to Pembroke Park
go to Smith Buonanno Hall , then go to Facing Thayer
go to Pleasant Surprises , then go to West House
go to Brown University Bookstore , then go to East Side Station Post Office
go to College Hill Bookstore and then to Emery Hall .
go to East Side Station Post Office and then to 164 Angel .
go to CVS and then to Blue State Coffee .
go to East Side Station Post Office and then to Peter Green House .
go to 111 Brown Street North House and then to Andrews Terrace .
go to New Pembroke 2 and then to Metcalf Hall .
go to Andrews Hall and then to Metcalf Hall .
go to Morriss Hall and then to Meeting Street Cafe .
always pass New Pembroke 3 before Metcalf Hall .
always pass New Pembroke 4 before Brown University Bookstore .
always pass CVS before 164 Angel .
always pass Pembroke Park before Second Time Around .
always pass Meeting Street Cafe before West House .
always pass Pembroke Hall before Pembroke Park .
always pass 111 Brown Street North House before Miller Hall .
always pass Alumnae Hall before CVS .
go to New Pembroke 3 then East Side Station Post Office .
go to Thayer and Cushing then Andrews Hall .
go to Pleasant Surprises then West House .
go to Spiritus Fermenti then J. R. Workman Garden .
go to Spiritus Fermenti then Salon Persia .
go to Pembroke Hall then Blue State Coffee .
go to CVS then New Pembroke 4 .
go to 111 Brown Street North House then Emery & Wooley .
go to New Pembroke 2 before going to West House .
go to Champlin Hall before going to CVS .
go to Sidney Frank Hall before going to West House .
go to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building before going to West House .
go to Facing Thayer before going to Brown University Bookstore .
go to 164 Angel before going to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to Hillel House before going to CVS .
go to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building through 111 Brown Street North House
go to Hillel House through Thayer and Cushing
go to Salon Persia through Morriss Hall
go to Spiritus Fermenti through 111 Brown Street North House
go to Andreas through Peter Green House
go to Miller Hall through Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building
go to Andrews Terrace through Avon Cinema
go to Pembroke Hall through Supercuts
go to Thayer and Cushing , then up to CVS .
go to Meeting Street Cafe , then up to New Pembroke 2 .
go to Blue State Coffee , then up to Andreas .
go to Emery Hall , then up to West House .
go to Blue State Coffee , then up to Alumnae Hall .
go to Pembroke Hall , then up to Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to Avon Cinema , then up to Emery Hall .
go to Meeting Street Cafe , then up to New Pembroke 2 .
navigate through Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building then go to Champlin Hall .
navigate through Pleasant Surprises then go to Sharpe House .
navigate through Andrews Hall then go to Emery Hall .
navigate through Meeting Street Cafe then go to Morriss Hall .
navigate through Facing Thayer then go to Verney-Woolley Hall .
navigate through Soban then go to Meeting Street Cafe .
go through New Pembroke 1 to Soban .
go through New Pembroke 3 to J. R. Workman Garden .
go through Thayer and Meeting to Facing Thayer .
go through 219 Bowen to Champlin Hall .
go through West House to 111 Brown Street North House .
go through Biomedical Center to J. R. Workman Garden .
go through Biomedical Center to J. R. Workman Garden .
go through Spiritus Fermenti to Hillel House .
go through Sharpe House to Second Time Around .
go through 219 Bowen to Smith Buonanno Hall .
go through Sharpe House to Granoff Center .
go through Berk's;Shanghai to Andreas .
go to West House and proceed to Metcalf Hall .
go to CVS and proceed to Granoff Center .
go to J. R. Workman Garden and proceed to Peter Green House .
go to Pembroke Hall and proceed to Berk's;Shanghai .
go to CVS and proceed to New Pembroke 1 .
go to Avon Cinema and proceed to Andreas .
go to Soban and proceed to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to Facing Thayer and proceed to Thayer and Meeting .
go to Emery Hall and proceed to New Pembroke 2 .
go to West House and proceed to 111 Brown Street North House .
go to New Pembroke 4 and proceed to Spiritus Fermenti .
go to Metcalf Hall and proceed to Thayer and Cushing .
go to New Pembroke 1 , then go to West House .
go to 164 Angel , then go to Thayer and Cushing .
go to Sidney Frank Hall , then go to New Pembroke 2 .
go to Metcalf Hall , then go to Facing Thayer .
go to Thayer and Cushing , then go to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to College Hill Bookstore , then go to Peter Green House .
go to Salon Persia , then go to CVS .
go to Emery Hall , then go to Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to Thayer and Cushing , then go to Andrews Hall .
go to Thayer and Cushing , then go to Spiritus Fermenti .
go to Andrews Terrace , then go to West House .
go to CVS , then go to Emery Hall .
go to 164 Angel and then to Verney-Woolley Hall
go to West House and then to New Pembroke 2
go to Pembroke Hall and then to Champlin Hall
go to New Pembroke 3 and then to 164 Angel
go to Hillel House and then to Avon Cinema
go to Spiritus Fermenti and then to Metcalf Hall
go to Berk's;Shanghai and then to New Pembroke 1
go to Sharpe House and then to Hillel House
go to Meeting Street Cafe and then to East Side Station Post Office
go to Champlin Hall and then to Thayer and Cushing
go to Facing Thayer and then to Peter Green House
go to Emery & Wooley and then to Thayer and Meeting
go to 219 Bowen through Peter Green House .
go to Alumnae Hall through Thayer and Cushing .
go to Sharpe House through Thayer and Meeting .
go to Sidney Frank Hall through 164 Angel .
go to West House through Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to Berk's;Shanghai through 219 Bowen .
go to Alumnae Hall through Brown University Bookstore .
go to New Pembroke 3 through Andrews Hall .
go to Second Time Around through Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to Metcalf Hall through Brown University Bookstore .
go to Morriss Hall through Thayer and Meeting .
go to Biomedical Center through College Hill Bookstore .
go to New Pembroke 1 through New Pembroke 4 .
go to Emery Hall through East Side Station Post Office .
go to Andrews Terrace through New Pembroke 4 .
go to 111 Brown Street North House through Emery Hall .
go to Metcalf Hall through Andrews Hall .
go to Sidney Frank Hall through Morriss Hall .
go to Second Time Around through 111 Brown Street North House .
go to Facing Thayer through Sharpe House .
go to West House through New Pembroke 1 .
go to the New Pembroke 1 before going to Meeting Street Cafe
go to the Andreas before going to Avon Cinema
go to the Andrews Terrace before going to Berk's;Shanghai
go to the Sharpe House before going to Spiritus Fermenti
go to the Salon Persia before going to New Pembroke 4
go to the Second Time Around before going to College Hill Bookstore
go to the West House before going to Thayer and Cushing
go to the Emery & Wooley before going to New Pembroke 3
go to the Andrews Terrace before going to Soban
go to the 111 Brown Street North House before going to West House
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall before going to Sidney Frank Hall
go to Alumnae Hall , then go to Avon Cinema .
go to New Pembroke 3 , then go to Emery Hall .
go to Soban , then go to Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to New Pembroke 3 , then go to Supercuts .
go to New Pembroke 4 , then go to Andreas .
go through Miller Hall then go to Thayer and Meeting .
go through Miller Hall then go to Smith Buonanno Hall .
go through New Pembroke 1 then go to Thayer and Cushing .
go through West House then go to Blue State Coffee .
go through Second Time Around then go to Andrews Terrace .
go through Champlin Hall then go to Thayer and Meeting .
go through Verney-Woolley Hall then go to West House .
go through East Side Station Post Office then go to Andreas .
go through Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building then go to New Pembroke 4 .
go through 164 Angel then go to Metcalf Hall .
go through Sharpe House then go to Meeting Street Cafe .
go through Granoff Center then go to Second Time Around .
go to Pleasant Surprises through Emery Hall
go to Berk's;Shanghai through Blue State Coffee
go to New Pembroke 2 through Andrews Hall
go to East Side Station Post Office through 219 Bowen
go to Sharpe House through Granoff Center
go to Spiritus Fermenti through West House
go to Pleasant Surprises through Pembroke Park
go to Sharpe House through Granoff Center
go to Granoff Center through Champlin Hall
go to Smith Buonanno Hall then go to Spiritus Fermenti .
go to Emery Hall then go to Facing Thayer .
go to Morriss Hall then go to New Pembroke 1 .
go to New Pembroke 1 then go to West House .
go to Emery & Wooley then go to Champlin Hall .
go to East Side Station Post Office then go to Alumnae Hall .
go to Sidney Frank Hall then go to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to Morriss Hall then go to Hillel House .
go to Soban through West House .
go to Soban through Hillel House .
go to Emery Hall through New Pembroke 1 .
go to New Pembroke 1 through Andrews Terrace .
go to New Pembroke 3 through Berk's;Shanghai .
go to Miller Hall through Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to West House through Andrews Hall .
first navigate to Andreas , then go to Sidney Frank Hall .
first navigate to Facing Thayer , then go to College Hill Bookstore .
first navigate to Pembroke Hall , then go to Peter Green House .
first navigate to Miller Hall , then go to Hillel House .
first navigate to Pembroke Hall , then go to Emery Hall .
first navigate to Verney-Woolley Hall , then go to Morriss Hall .
first navigate to Peter Green House , then go to 219 Bowen .
first navigate to Champlin Hall , then go to Biomedical Center .
first navigate to Brown University Bookstore , then go to Metcalf Hall .
go to Berk's;Shanghai through New Pembroke 2
go to New Pembroke 1 through Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building
go to Biomedical Center through West House
go to Emery & Wooley through East Side Station Post Office
go to J. R. Workman Garden through Pleasant Surprises
go to Meeting Street Cafe through Sidney Frank Hall
go to New Pembroke 1 through Avon Cinema
go to West House through New Pembroke 3
go to Metcalf Hall through Spiritus Fermenti
always go to Emery Hall before Andrews Terrace .
always go to Sidney Frank Hall before 164 Angel .
always go to Emery Hall before New Pembroke 2 .
always go to Sidney Frank Hall before Miller Hall .
always go to New Pembroke 1 before 111 Brown Street North House .
always go to J. R. Workman Garden before Verney-Woolley Hall .
always go to East Side Station Post Office before Alumnae Hall .
always go to Alumnae Hall before Pembroke Hall .
always go to Brown University Bookstore before Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to Second Time Around , then go to Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building , then go to CVS .
go to New Pembroke 1 , then go to Pleasant Surprises .
go to New Pembroke 1 , then go to West House .
go to Andrews Terrace , then go to 219 Bowen .
go to Sidney Frank Hall , then go to Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to New Pembroke 1 , then go to Spiritus Fermenti .
go to Thayer and Meeting by going through Second Time Around
go to Emery Hall by going through New Pembroke 2
go to 111 Brown Street North House by going through Brown University Bookstore
go to Sidney Frank Hall by going through Miller Hall
go to Andrews Terrace by going through Blue State Coffee
go to Metcalf Hall after going to Second Time Around .
go to Pembroke Hall after going to Facing Thayer .
go to J. R. Workman Garden after going to Second Time Around .
go to CVS after going to Granoff Center .
go to Smith Buonanno Hall after going to Sidney Frank Hall .
go through Sidney Frank Hall to Biomedical Center .
go through New Pembroke 2 to Brown University Bookstore .
go through Sharpe House to College Hill Bookstore .
go through Morriss Hall to Alumnae Hall .
go through Second Time Around to West House .
go through Brown University Bookstore to East Side Station Post Office .
go through Andrews Terrace to New Pembroke 1 .
go through Pembroke Hall to Meeting Street Cafe .
go through Pembroke Park to 164 Angel .
go through Thayer and Meeting to New Pembroke 4 .
avoid the Peter Green House and travel to the Sidney Frank Hall .
avoid the 164 Angel and travel to the Andreas .
avoid the 164 Angel and travel to the Emery & Wooley .
avoid the Morriss Hall and travel to the Spiritus Fermenti .
avoid the Morriss Hall and travel to the Thayer and Meeting .
avoid the CVS and travel to the Emery Hall .
avoid the Pleasant Surprises and travel to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
avoid the 219 Bowen and travel to the Sharpe House .
avoid the Pleasant Surprises and travel to the Granoff Center .
avoid the Metcalf Hall and go to the Meeting Street Cafe .
avoid the J. R. Workman Garden and go to the 219 Bowen .
avoid the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building and go to the Blue State Coffee .
avoid the Metcalf Hall and go to the Avon Cinema .
avoid the 219 Bowen and go to the Sharpe House .
avoid the Granoff Center and go to the New Pembroke 4 .
avoid the Brown University Bookstore and go to the Emery & Wooley .
avoid the Meeting Street Cafe and go to the Thayer and Meeting .
avoid the J. R. Workman Garden and go to the Berk's;Shanghai .
avoid the Morriss Hall and go to the Andrews Hall .
avoid the 219 Bowen and go to the Brown University Bookstore .
avoid the Champlin Hall and go to the Thayer and Cushing .
go to the Pleasant Surprises avoiding the New Pembroke 3 .
go to the Berk's;Shanghai avoiding the Pembroke Hall .
go to the Thayer and Cushing avoiding the 164 Angel .
go to the Brown University Bookstore avoiding the West House .
go to the Spiritus Fermenti avoiding the Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to the Granoff Center avoiding the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the Thayer and Meeting avoiding the Pleasant Surprises .
go to the Pembroke Hall avoiding the Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to the Miller Hall avoiding the Peter Green House .
go to the West House avoiding the Peter Green House .
always avoid the Thayer and Cushing and go to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
always avoid the Andrews Terrace and go to the 219 Bowen .
always avoid the Pembroke Hall and go to the West House .
always avoid the Pembroke Park and go to the College Hill Bookstore .
always avoid the Pembroke Park and go to the Pleasant Surprises .
always avoid the Thayer and Meeting and go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
always avoid the Supercuts and go to the Andreas .
always avoid the CVS and go to the Andreas .
always avoid the West House and go to the Pembroke Park .
always avoid the Andrews Hall and go to the Peter Green House .
always avoid the Biomedical Center and go to the Andreas .
always avoid the 219 Bowen and go to the West House .
go to the Alumnae Hall while avoiding the Andrews Hall
go to the 111 Brown Street North House while avoiding the Second Time Around
go to the New Pembroke 1 while avoiding the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building
go to the Granoff Center while avoiding the Supercuts
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall while avoiding the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building
go to the Biomedical Center while avoiding the Soban
go to the Sidney Frank Hall while avoiding the Verney-Woolley Hall
go to the Meeting Street Cafe while avoiding the Salon Persia
go to the Peter Green House while avoiding the College Hill Bookstore
go to the Emery & Wooley while avoiding the Sidney Frank Hall
navigate to the Salon Persia always avoiding the Facing Thayer .
navigate to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building always avoiding the Salon Persia .
navigate to the Smith Buonanno Hall always avoiding the CVS .
navigate to the Biomedical Center always avoiding the Verney-Woolley Hall .
navigate to the Pembroke Hall always avoiding the Andrews Terrace .
navigate to the College Hill Bookstore always avoiding the Sidney Frank Hall .
navigate to the Hillel House always avoiding the West House .
navigate to the Supercuts always avoiding the Pleasant Surprises .
navigate to the Alumnae Hall always avoiding the Sharpe House .
navigate to the Andreas always avoiding the New Pembroke 4 .
go to the 111 Brown Street North House and avoid the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the Metcalf Hall and avoid the Meeting Street Cafe .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall and avoid the Brown University Bookstore .
go to the Peter Green House and avoid the New Pembroke 3 .
go to the 164 Angel and avoid the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to the Granoff Center and avoid the West House .
go to the Peter Green House and avoid the J. R. Workman Garden .
always avoid the Emery & Wooley and go to the Granoff Center .
always avoid the Emery & Wooley and go to the Pleasant Surprises .
always avoid the East Side Station Post Office and go to the 164 Angel .
always avoid the New Pembroke 4 and go to the New Pembroke 1 .
always avoid the 111 Brown Street North House and go to the Blue State Coffee .
always avoid the Champlin Hall and go to the East Side Station Post Office .
always avoid the Champlin Hall and go to the Peter Green House .
always avoid the 219 Bowen and go to the New Pembroke 2 .
navigate to the Sharpe House but never go to the Alumnae Hall .
navigate to the 164 Angel but never go to the Alumnae Hall .
navigate to the Andreas but never go to the Blue State Coffee .
navigate to the Hillel House but never go to the Pleasant Surprises .
navigate to the Andrews Terrace but never go to the Pembroke Hall .
navigate to the Berk's;Shanghai but never go to the Spiritus Fermenti .
navigate to the East Side Station Post Office but never go to the Blue State Coffee .
navigate to the Pembroke Park but never go to the Avon Cinema .
navigate to the Emery Hall but never go to the Blue State Coffee .
navigate to the Alumnae Hall but never go to the Biomedical Center .
navigate to the Blue State Coffee but never go to the Emery Hall .
avoid the Sidney Frank Hall , navigate to the Soban .
avoid the 219 Bowen , navigate to the Andrews Terrace .
avoid the Morriss Hall , navigate to the Andreas .
avoid the Andrews Hall , navigate to the Pembroke Park .
avoid the 164 Angel , navigate to the Emery Hall .
avoid the West House , navigate to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
avoid the Champlin Hall , navigate to the Facing Thayer .
avoid the Andreas , navigate to the Biomedical Center .
navigate to the Facing Thayer while avoiding the East Side Station Post Office .
navigate to the Thayer and Cushing while avoiding the J. R. Workman Garden .
navigate to the Emery & Wooley while avoiding the Thayer and Cushing .
navigate to the Salon Persia while avoiding the Biomedical Center .
navigate to the Morriss Hall while avoiding the New Pembroke 1 .
navigate to the Verney-Woolley Hall while avoiding the Avon Cinema .
navigate to the Sidney Frank Hall while avoiding the Andrews Hall .
navigate to the Pembroke Park while avoiding the Thayer and Meeting .
navigate to the Second Time Around while avoiding the Spiritus Fermenti .
navigate to the Spiritus Fermenti while avoiding the Berk's;Shanghai .
navigate to the Brown University Bookstore while avoiding the Salon Persia .
navigate to the West House while avoiding the Champlin Hall .
go to the Andrews Terrace without going to the Hillel House
go to the Metcalf Hall without going to the Sidney Frank Hall
go to the New Pembroke 4 without going to the New Pembroke 2
go to the College Hill Bookstore without going to the Supercuts
go to the Thayer and Cushing without going to the Pembroke Hall
go to the Sidney Frank Hall without going to the Salon Persia
go through the 219 Bowen to get to Biomedical Center
go through the Pembroke Hall to get to J. R. Workman Garden
go through the West House to get to Second Time Around
go through the Spiritus Fermenti to get to Verney-Woolley Hall
go through the Granoff Center to get to New Pembroke 4
go through the Smith Buonanno Hall to get to Thayer and Meeting
go through the Andrews Hall to get to New Pembroke 1
avoid the 219 Bowen and go to the 164 Angel .
avoid the New Pembroke 1 and go to the Biomedical Center .
avoid the Facing Thayer and go to the Pembroke Park .
avoid the Smith Buonanno Hall and go to the Soban .
avoid the Soban and go to the CVS .
go to Smith Buonanno Hall , but do not go to Salon Persia .
go to Andreas , but do not go to Facing Thayer .
go to Emery Hall , but do not go to Emery & Wooley .
go to New Pembroke 2 , but do not go to Berk's;Shanghai .
go to Biomedical Center , but do not go to Avon Cinema .
go to New Pembroke 2 , but do not go to Emery Hall .
go to Sidney Frank Hall , but do not go to Sidney Frank Hall .
go to Brown University Bookstore , but do not go to Pembroke Park .
go to the Pembroke Hall without going to the Champlin Hall .
go to the 111 Brown Street North House without going to the Facing Thayer .
go to the Biomedical Center without going to the CVS .
go to the Andrews Terrace without going to the Peter Green House .
go to the Smith Buonanno Hall without going to the New Pembroke 4 .
go to the 164 Angel without going to the Salon Persia .
go to the Brown University Bookstore without going to the Pembroke Park .
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall without going to the Andreas .
go to the 164 Angel without going to the Pleasant Surprises .
go to the Andreas without going to the 164 Angel .
avoid the Sidney Frank Hall and go to the Facing Thayer .
avoid the CVS and go to the Biomedical Center .
avoid the Blue State Coffee and go to the Granoff Center .
avoid the Supercuts and go to the 164 Angel .
avoid the Blue State Coffee and go to the Andreas .
avoid the Sidney Frank Hall and go to the 111 Brown Street North House .
avoid the Second Time Around and go to the Biomedical Center .
avoid the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building and go to the Granoff Center .
avoid the West House and go to the Sharpe House .
avoid the Thayer and Cushing and go to the Salon Persia .
avoid the Pembroke Hall and go to the Blue State Coffee .
avoid the 219 Bowen and go to the Meeting Street Cafe .
avoid the Sidney Frank Hall and go to the Pleasant Surprises .
avoid the Spiritus Fermenti and go to the Pembroke Hall .
avoid the Morriss Hall and go to the Brown University Bookstore .
avoid the Sidney Frank Hall and go to the Champlin Hall .
avoid the Emery Hall and go to the Pembroke Hall .
avoid the West House and go to the Pembroke Park .
avoid the CVS and go to the Thayer and Cushing .
avoid the Morriss Hall and go to the Granoff Center .
avoid the Andrews Terrace and go to the Second Time Around .
avoid the Emery & Wooley and go to the Meeting Street Cafe .
avoid the Blue State Coffee and go to the Sidney Frank Hall .
avoid the Pembroke Park and go to the Brown University Bookstore .
avoid the CVS and go to the Sidney Frank Hall .
avoid the Champlin Hall and go to the New Pembroke 1 .
avoid the Alumnae Hall and go to the Morriss Hall .
avoid the Supercuts and go to the Salon Persia .
move to the New Pembroke 1 while avoiding the New Pembroke 4 .
move to the Miller Hall while avoiding the Champlin Hall .
move to the New Pembroke 2 while avoiding the Metcalf Hall .
move to the 219 Bowen while avoiding the Pembroke Hall .
move to the Champlin Hall while avoiding the West House .
move to the Soban while avoiding the Spiritus Fermenti .
move to the 219 Bowen while avoiding the Sharpe House .
move to the West House while avoiding the Brown University Bookstore .
move to the Andrews Terrace while avoiding the Thayer and Cushing .
move to the New Pembroke 2 while avoiding the Smith Buonanno Hall .
move to the Avon Cinema while avoiding the College Hill Bookstore .
move to the Alumnae Hall while avoiding the CVS .
go to the Champlin Hall while always avoiding the Spiritus Fermenti
go to the Miller Hall while always avoiding the Champlin Hall
go to the Thayer and Meeting while always avoiding the West House
go to the Hillel House while always avoiding the Smith Buonanno Hall
go to the Alumnae Hall while always avoiding the Supercuts
go to the Andrews Terrace while always avoiding the Spiritus Fermenti
go to the Andrews Terrace while always avoiding the Sidney Frank Hall
go to the Andreas while always avoiding the West House
go to the Thayer and Cushing while always avoiding the New Pembroke 3
go to the Sidney Frank Hall while always avoiding the Pembroke Hall
go to the New Pembroke 1 .
go to the Andrews Hall .
go to the 111 Brown Street North House .
go to the Miller Hall .
go to the Brown University Bookstore .
avoid the Salon Persia and navigate to the East Side Station Post Office .
avoid the Peter Green House and navigate to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
avoid the Pembroke Hall and navigate to the West House .
avoid the Brown University Bookstore and navigate to the Berk's;Shanghai .
avoid the Meeting Street Cafe and navigate to the Thayer and Meeting .
avoid the Pleasant Surprises and navigate to the 164 Angel .
avoid the Hillel House and navigate to the Berk's;Shanghai .
avoid the Alumnae Hall and navigate to the New Pembroke 1 .
always avoid the East Side Station Post Office and go to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
always avoid the Meeting Street Cafe and go to the 219 Bowen .
always avoid the New Pembroke 2 and go to the West House .
always avoid the Thayer and Meeting and go to the 111 Brown Street North House .
always avoid the Supercuts and go to the Second Time Around .
always avoid the Emery Hall and go to the East Side Station Post Office .
always avoid the East Side Station Post Office and go to the 219 Bowen .
always avoid the J. R. Workman Garden and go to the Pembroke Hall .
always avoid the Granoff Center and go to the College Hill Bookstore .
always avoid the Peter Green House and go to the Sidney Frank Hall .
always avoid the Morriss Hall and go to the Hillel House .
navigate to the Metcalf Hall , always avoiding the Thayer and Cushing .
navigate to the CVS , always avoiding the J. R. Workman Garden .
navigate to the Verney-Woolley Hall , always avoiding the Blue State Coffee .
navigate to the Emery & Wooley , always avoiding the 219 Bowen .
navigate to the 219 Bowen , always avoiding the Thayer and Cushing .
navigate to the West House , always avoiding the 219 Bowen .
avoid the Verney-Woolley Hall while going to the College Hill Bookstore .
avoid the Salon Persia while going to the Meeting Street Cafe .
avoid the 164 Angel while going to the Metcalf Hall .
avoid the New Pembroke 3 while going to the Miller Hall .
avoid the Emery & Wooley while going to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
avoid the Soban while going to the J. R. Workman Garden .
avoid the Berk's;Shanghai while going to the Hillel House .
avoid the New Pembroke 3 while going to the Metcalf Hall .
avoid the Spiritus Fermenti while going to the Soban .
avoid the Pleasant Surprises while going to the College Hill Bookstore .
avoid the Metcalf Hall while going to the Emery & Wooley .
avoid the Spiritus Fermenti while going to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building whilst avoiding the Morriss Hall .
go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building whilst avoiding the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the Morriss Hall whilst avoiding the Andrews Terrace .
go to the Spiritus Fermenti whilst avoiding the Miller Hall .
go to the Avon Cinema whilst avoiding the Hillel House .
go to the Supercuts whilst avoiding the Metcalf Hall .
head to the Supercuts without going through the Champlin Hall
head to the Pleasant Surprises without going through the Miller Hall
head to the New Pembroke 4 without going through the Berk's;Shanghai
head to the J. R. Workman Garden without going through the Miller Hall
head to the Thayer and Meeting without going through the Thayer and Cushing
head to the Emery & Wooley without going through the Andrews Hall
avoid the Facing Thayer until you go to Andrews Hall .
avoid the J. R. Workman Garden until you go to West House .
avoid the CVS until you go to Peter Green House .
avoid the Berk's;Shanghai until you go to Sidney Frank Hall .
avoid the Avon Cinema until you go to 164 Angel .
avoid the Granoff Center until you go to Champlin Hall .
avoid the J. R. Workman Garden until you go to CVS .
avoid the Alumnae Hall until you go to West House .
avoid the Peter Green House until you go to New Pembroke 3 .
always avoid going to 219 Bowen through the Pleasant Surprises
always avoid going to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building through the Granoff Center
always avoid going to Brown University Bookstore through the Hillel House
always avoid going to Champlin Hall through the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building
always avoid going to Salon Persia through the J. R. Workman Garden
always avoid going to Emery & Wooley through the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building
always avoid going to Blue State Coffee through the 164 Angel
always avoid going to Meeting Street Cafe through the Spiritus Fermenti
always avoid going to 164 Angel through the Champlin Hall
always avoid going to J. R. Workman Garden through the Blue State Coffee
always avoid going to Meeting Street Cafe through the Sidney Frank Hall
avoid the Facing Thayer until you navigate to East Side Station Post Office .
avoid the Spiritus Fermenti until you navigate to J. R. Workman Garden .
avoid the New Pembroke 2 until you navigate to Verney-Woolley Hall .
avoid the Miller Hall until you navigate to West House .
avoid the Soban until you navigate to Andrews Hall .
avoid the West House until you navigate to East Side Station Post Office .
do n't go into the New Pembroke 3 until going to Biomedical Center
do n't go into the Verney-Woolley Hall until going to Champlin Hall
do n't go into the Verney-Woolley Hall until going to CVS
do n't go into the 219 Bowen until going to Thayer and Cushing
do n't go into the East Side Station Post Office until going to Salon Persia
do n't go into the Granoff Center until going to Peter Green House
do n't go into the New Pembroke 3 until going to Blue State Coffee
go to Sharpe House and avoid the 219 Bowen .
go to J. R. Workman Garden and avoid the West House .
go to Emery Hall and avoid the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to Granoff Center and avoid the West House .
go to Emery Hall and avoid the J. R. Workman Garden .
go to West House and avoid the Hillel House .
do not go into the 111 Brown Street North House until going to Granoff Center
do not go into the Morriss Hall until going to New Pembroke 1
do not go into the Meeting Street Cafe until going to Biomedical Center
do not go into the Supercuts until going to 164 Angel
do not go into the Miller Hall until going to Meeting Street Cafe
do not go into the Supercuts until going to Champlin Hall
do not go into the 111 Brown Street North House until going to Pembroke Hall
do not go into the Berk's;Shanghai until going to New Pembroke 4
avoid the Soban on your way to Blue State Coffee .
avoid the Sidney Frank Hall on your way to Brown University Bookstore .
avoid the Miller Hall on your way to Salon Persia .
avoid the New Pembroke 4 on your way to Andrews Hall .
avoid the Peter Green House on your way to Pembroke Park .
avoid the Morriss Hall on your way to 164 Angel .
avoid the Soban on your way to New Pembroke 1 .
avoid the Metcalf Hall on your way to New Pembroke 4 .
go to Andrews Terrace but do not enter the Facing Thayer first .
go to Thayer and Cushing but do not enter the Smith Buonanno Hall first .
go to Smith Buonanno Hall but do not enter the Andrews Terrace first .
go to Morriss Hall but do not enter the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building first .
go to New Pembroke 2 but do not enter the J. R. Workman Garden first .
always avoid going to Soban through the Miller Hall
always avoid going to Granoff Center through the Meeting Street Cafe
always avoid going to Meeting Street Cafe through the Sharpe House
always avoid going to Pleasant Surprises through the Facing Thayer
always avoid going to Brown University Bookstore through the Avon Cinema
always avoid going to Sidney Frank Hall through the Andrews Terrace
always avoid going to Miller Hall through the Alumnae Hall
avoid the Thayer and Cushing until you go to Alumnae Hall .
avoid the Emery & Wooley until you go to West House .
avoid the Morriss Hall until you go to Second Time Around .
avoid the New Pembroke 2 until you go to Meeting Street Cafe .
avoid the J. R. Workman Garden until you go to College Hill Bookstore .
go to Facing Thayer avoiding the East Side Station Post Office . then go to the East Side Station Post Office or stay on Facing Thayer .
go to CVS avoiding the Sidney Frank Hall . then go to the Sidney Frank Hall or stay on CVS .
go to Pembroke Hall avoiding the Alumnae Hall . then go to the Alumnae Hall or stay on Pembroke Hall .
go to 111 Brown Street North House avoiding the Emery Hall . then go to the Emery Hall or stay on 111 Brown Street North House .
go to Andrews Terrace avoiding the Granoff Center . then go to the Granoff Center or stay on Andrews Terrace .
go to J. R. Workman Garden avoiding the Brown University Bookstore . then go to the Brown University Bookstore or stay on J. R. Workman Garden .
go to Andrews Hall avoiding the 164 Angel . then go to the 164 Angel or stay on Andrews Hall .
go to Supercuts avoiding the New Pembroke 1 . then go to the New Pembroke 1 or stay on Supercuts .
go to Granoff Center avoiding the Soban . then go to the Soban or stay on Granoff Center .
go to Champlin Hall avoiding the Metcalf Hall . then go to the Metcalf Hall or stay on Champlin Hall .
go to Peter Green House avoiding the Facing Thayer . then go to the Facing Thayer or stay on Peter Green House .
go to Morriss Hall , avoiding the Salon Persia
go to Peter Green House , avoiding the Pleasant Surprises
go to 164 Angel , avoiding the Smith Buonanno Hall
go to Sidney Frank Hall , avoiding the J. R. Workman Garden
go to New Pembroke 3 , avoiding the College Hill Bookstore
go to Biomedical Center , avoiding the Verney-Woolley Hall
go to Andrews Terrace , avoiding the Thayer and Meeting
go to Morriss Hall but do not first go through the Hillel House .
go to Granoff Center but do not first go through the Facing Thayer .
go to Andreas but do not first go through the Andrews Hall .
go to CVS but do not first go through the 164 Angel .
go to Andreas but do not first go through the Facing Thayer .
go to Emery & Wooley but do not first go through the Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to Biomedical Center but do not first go through the Champlin Hall .
go to Smith Buonanno Hall but do not first go through the Hillel House .
go to Emery & Wooley but do not first go through the Brown University Bookstore .
go to East Side Station Post Office but do not first go through the Champlin Hall .
always avoid going to East Side Station Post Office through the Avon Cinema
always avoid going to Second Time Around through the Pleasant Surprises
always avoid going to Soban through the Alumnae Hall
always avoid going to Thayer and Meeting through the 111 Brown Street North House
always avoid going to CVS through the Andrews Terrace
always avoid going to Andrews Hall through the Second Time Around
always avoid going to Verney-Woolley Hall through the Sharpe House
avoid the Emery & Wooley until Pembroke Hall .
avoid the Second Time Around until New Pembroke 4 .
avoid the Andreas until Hillel House .
avoid the Champlin Hall until Emery & Wooley .
avoid the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building until 111 Brown Street North House .
avoid the Brown University Bookstore until West House .
avoid the Granoff Center until Biomedical Center .
avoid the Emery Hall until Sidney Frank Hall .
go to Granoff Center by avoiding the Meeting Street Cafe and then stay there or continue to the Meeting Street Cafe .
go to Andreas by avoiding the East Side Station Post Office and then stay there or continue to the East Side Station Post Office .
go to Soban by avoiding the J. R. Workman Garden and then stay there or continue to the J. R. Workman Garden .
go to West House by avoiding the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building and then stay there or continue to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to College Hill Bookstore by avoiding the Brown University Bookstore and then stay there or continue to the Brown University Bookstore .
go to Facing Thayer by avoiding the Supercuts and then stay there or continue to the Supercuts .
go to J. R. Workman Garden by avoiding the East Side Station Post Office and then stay there or continue to the East Side Station Post Office .
go to Blue State Coffee by avoiding the Supercuts and then stay there or continue to the Supercuts .
avoid the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building until going through Pembroke Hall .
avoid the Emery & Wooley until going through Granoff Center .
avoid the New Pembroke 1 until going through Verney-Woolley Hall .
avoid the Thayer and Meeting until going through J. R. Workman Garden .
avoid the Alumnae Hall until going through 219 Bowen .
avoid the New Pembroke 1 until going through West House .
avoid the Morriss Hall until going through Andrews Hall .
avoid the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building until going through Pleasant Surprises .
avoid the New Pembroke 2 until going through Facing Thayer .
avoid the Facing Thayer until going through Champlin Hall .
go to Biomedical Center , avoid the Thayer and Cushing until you have been to the Biomedical Center
go to Smith Buonanno Hall , avoid the 111 Brown Street North House until you have been to the Smith Buonanno Hall
go to Facing Thayer , avoid the 111 Brown Street North House until you have been to the Facing Thayer
go to Second Time Around , avoid the College Hill Bookstore until you have been to the Second Time Around
go to Andrews Hall , avoid the Pembroke Park until you have been to the Andrews Hall
go to Facing Thayer , avoid the 111 Brown Street North House until you have been to the Facing Thayer
go to Metcalf Hall , avoid the East Side Station Post Office until you have been to the Metcalf Hall
go to Miller Hall , avoid the Thayer and Meeting until you have been to the Miller Hall
go to East Side Station Post Office , avoid the West House until you have been to the East Side Station Post Office
go to Pembroke Hall , avoid the Thayer and Cushing until you have been to the Pembroke Hall
go to Biomedical Center , avoid the Thayer and Meeting until you have been to the Biomedical Center
go to Sidney Frank Hall , avoid the Thayer and Meeting until you have been to the Sidney Frank Hall
go to College Hill Bookstore before going in the Avon Cinema
go to Pleasant Surprises before going in the Salon Persia
go to Brown University Bookstore before going in the Thayer and Cushing
go to Andrews Hall before going in the 164 Angel
go to Pembroke Park before going in the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building
go to 164 Angel before going in the Smith Buonanno Hall
go to Granoff Center before going in the Brown University Bookstore
go to New Pembroke 3 before going in the Morriss Hall
go to Sharpe House before going in the Spiritus Fermenti
avoid the Soban until going to West House .
avoid the CVS until going to West House .
avoid the 164 Angel until going to Supercuts .
avoid the West House until going to Hillel House .
avoid the Sidney Frank Hall until going to 164 Angel .
avoid the Morriss Hall until going to Pleasant Surprises .
avoid the Emery Hall until going to Salon Persia .
avoid the Verney-Woolley Hall and go to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building if you reached the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building , you can now go to the Verney-Woolley Hall or stay on Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
avoid the New Pembroke 4 and go to Spiritus Fermenti if you reached the Spiritus Fermenti , you can now go to the New Pembroke 4 or stay on Spiritus Fermenti .
avoid the Sidney Frank Hall and go to Hillel House if you reached the Hillel House , you can now go to the Sidney Frank Hall or stay on Hillel House .
avoid the Facing Thayer and go to Pembroke Hall if you reached the Pembroke Hall , you can now go to the Facing Thayer or stay on Pembroke Hall .
avoid the Andreas and go to Verney-Woolley Hall if you reached the Verney-Woolley Hall , you can now go to the Andreas or stay on Verney-Woolley Hall .
avoid the Emery Hall and go to Avon Cinema if you reached the Avon Cinema , you can now go to the Emery Hall or stay on Avon Cinema .
avoid the Champlin Hall until going to Supercuts .
avoid the Emery Hall until going to West House .
avoid the 164 Angel until going to West House .
avoid the Andrews Terrace until going to Andreas .
avoid the Avon Cinema until going to New Pembroke 1 .
move to CVS without entering the 164 Angel . then you may stay at CVS or go to the 164 Angel .
move to Alumnae Hall without entering the Hillel House . then you may stay at Alumnae Hall or go to the Hillel House .
move to East Side Station Post Office without entering the New Pembroke 4 . then you may stay at East Side Station Post Office or go to the New Pembroke 4 .
move to 164 Angel without entering the Verney-Woolley Hall . then you may stay at 164 Angel or go to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
move to Berk's;Shanghai without entering the Sidney Frank Hall . then you may stay at Berk's;Shanghai or go to the Sidney Frank Hall .
move to Smith Buonanno Hall without entering the Alumnae Hall . then you may stay at Smith Buonanno Hall or go to the Alumnae Hall .
move to Metcalf Hall without entering the Soban . then you may stay at Metcalf Hall or go to the Soban .
move to Peter Green House without entering the Andrews Hall . then you may stay at Peter Green House or go to the Andrews Hall .
move to Meeting Street Cafe without entering the New Pembroke 1 . then you may stay at Meeting Street Cafe or go to the New Pembroke 1 .
avoid the Verney-Woolley Hall until you go to Alumnae Hall .
avoid the Soban until you go to Peter Green House .
avoid the Andreas until you go to New Pembroke 4 .
avoid the Andrews Terrace until you go to Pembroke Park .
avoid the Peter Green House until you go to CVS .
avoid the 219 Bowen until reaching Facing Thayer .
avoid the Smith Buonanno Hall until reaching Metcalf Hall .
avoid the Salon Persia until reaching Emery Hall .
avoid the West House until reaching Sharpe House .
avoid the Sidney Frank Hall until reaching New Pembroke 4 .
avoid the Thayer and Cushing until going to Salon Persia .
avoid the Sidney Frank Hall until going to Avon Cinema .
avoid the 111 Brown Street North House until going to New Pembroke 3 .
avoid the Sidney Frank Hall until going to West House .
avoid the Miller Hall until going to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
avoid the New Pembroke 3 until going to Supercuts .
avoid the New Pembroke 4 until going to Hillel House .
avoid the Champlin Hall until going to Avon Cinema .
avoid the Andrews Hall until going to Thayer and Meeting .
avoid the Verney-Woolley Hall until going to Thayer and Meeting .
avoid the Miller Hall until going to Andrews Terrace .
avoid the Thayer and Cushing until going to 164 Angel .
go through Thayer and Meeting before going to the 164 Angel .
go through Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building before going to the Second Time Around .
go through Supercuts before going to the 111 Brown Street North House .
go through Sidney Frank Hall before going to the Emery Hall .
go through Andrews Terrace before going to the Emery Hall .
go through Metcalf Hall before going to the Sharpe House .
go through Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building before going to the Supercuts .
go through Andrews Hall before going to the Champlin Hall .
avoid the Thayer and Cushing until passing Andreas .
avoid the Andreas until passing Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
avoid the Verney-Woolley Hall until passing Peter Green House .
avoid the Blue State Coffee until passing Pleasant Surprises .
avoid the Salon Persia until passing Meeting Street Cafe .
avoid the New Pembroke 1 until passing New Pembroke 3 .
avoid the East Side Station Post Office until passing Facing Thayer .
avoid the Avon Cinema until passing East Side Station Post Office .
avoid the Alumnae Hall until passing Meeting Street Cafe .
go to Emery Hall first , without passing through the New Pembroke 1
go to Andreas first , without passing through the Thayer and Cushing
go to Meeting Street Cafe first , without passing through the Supercuts
go to New Pembroke 3 first , without passing through the Soban
go to J. R. Workman Garden first , without passing through the Andreas
go to College Hill Bookstore first , without passing through the Sidney Frank Hall
go to Spiritus Fermenti first , without passing through the West House
avoid the first and East Side Station Post Office and go to West House .
avoid the first and 111 Brown Street North House and go to Andrews Terrace .
avoid the first and Pembroke Hall and go to New Pembroke 1 .
avoid the first and Verney-Woolley Hall and go to Thayer and Meeting .
avoid the first and Brown University Bookstore and go to Emery Hall .
avoid the first and New Pembroke 2 and go to Second Time Around .
avoid the first and Emery & Wooley and go to Andreas .
avoid the first and J. R. Workman Garden and go to New Pembroke 3 .
avoid the first and CVS and go to Pleasant Surprises .
avoid the first and Hillel House and go to Champlin Hall .
avoid the first and Facing Thayer and go to College Hill Bookstore .
go to Salon Persia through the Pembroke Park
go to Sidney Frank Hall through the Facing Thayer
go to J. R. Workman Garden through the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building
go to Pleasant Surprises through the Avon Cinema
go to College Hill Bookstore through the 219 Bowen
go to Meeting Street Cafe through the West House
go to Miller Hall through the Andrews Hall
stay on the Biomedical Center and go to CVS .
stay on the Alumnae Hall and go to Sharpe House .
stay on the J. R. Workman Garden and go to Emery Hall .
stay on the Facing Thayer and go to 164 Angel .
stay on the New Pembroke 2 and go to Morriss Hall .
stay on the Pleasant Surprises and go to Thayer and Meeting .
stay on the Sidney Frank Hall and go to 164 Angel .
stay on the West House and go to Andrews Hall .
stay on the Smith Buonanno Hall and go to West House .
stay on the Smith Buonanno Hall and go to Soban .
stay on the Andreas and go to College Hill Bookstore .
stay on the Brown University Bookstore and go to Sidney Frank Hall .
stay on the Metcalf Hall and go to New Pembroke 3 .
stay on the 111 Brown Street North House and go to Brown University Bookstore .
stay on the Biomedical Center and go to New Pembroke 1 .
stay on the Granoff Center and go to Berk's;Shanghai .
visit Facing Thayer but do n't leave the Andrews Terrace .
visit Facing Thayer but do n't leave the Brown University Bookstore .
visit Pembroke Hall but do n't leave the Emery & Wooley .
visit Andreas but do n't leave the Verney-Woolley Hall .
visit Thayer and Meeting but do n't leave the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
visit Biomedical Center but do n't leave the Smith Buonanno Hall .
visit Avon Cinema but do n't leave the Berk's;Shanghai .
visit College Hill Bookstore but do n't leave the CVS .
go to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building while staying on the Meeting Street Cafe .
go to College Hill Bookstore while staying on the 164 Angel .
go to New Pembroke 2 while staying on the Facing Thayer .
go to 219 Bowen while staying on the New Pembroke 4 .
go to 219 Bowen while staying on the East Side Station Post Office .
go to Pembroke Hall while staying on the Pembroke Park .
go to Soban while staying on the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to Soban while staying on the Andrews Terrace .
avoid the first and Champlin Hall and go to Andrews Terrace .
avoid the first and Meeting Street Cafe and go to Champlin Hall .
avoid the first and West House and go to West House .
avoid the first and Peter Green House and go to Berk's;Shanghai .
avoid the first and Andreas and go to Emery & Wooley .
avoid the first and Peter Green House and go to Morriss Hall .
avoid the first and New Pembroke 3 and go to New Pembroke 1 .
avoid the first and Andreas and go to Champlin Hall .
go to New Pembroke 3 .
go to Morriss Hall .
go to Brown University Bookstore .
go to Peter Green House .
go to 164 Angel .
go to Salon Persia .
go to Champlin Hall .
go to Spiritus Fermenti .
go to Spiritus Fermenti .
go to New Pembroke 2 .
go to New Pembroke 3 .
stay on the New Pembroke 4 and move to West House .
stay on the New Pembroke 3 and move to J. R. Workman Garden .
stay on the Pembroke Hall and move to 219 Bowen .
stay on the Thayer and Cushing and move to New Pembroke 3 .
stay on the J. R. Workman Garden and move to Hillel House .
stay on the Metcalf Hall and move to Andrews Hall .
stay on the New Pembroke 3 and move to Meeting Street Cafe .
stay on the Meeting Street Cafe and move to Avon Cinema .
stay on the Andreas and go to CVS .
stay on the J. R. Workman Garden and go to Meeting Street Cafe .
stay on the Meeting Street Cafe and go to Morriss Hall .
stay on the Andrews Terrace and go to Emery Hall .
stay on the Thayer and Cushing and go to Peter Green House .
stay on the Pembroke Hall and go to Alumnae Hall .
stay on the 164 Angel and go to West House .
stay on the West House and go to Sidney Frank Hall .
stay on the Meeting Street Cafe and go to Morriss Hall .
stay on the Brown University Bookstore and go to 164 Angel .
stay on the New Pembroke 2 and go to Emery Hall .
stay on the J. R. Workman Garden and go to Pembroke Hall .
got to Peter Green House through the Thayer and Meeting .
got to Second Time Around through the Emery & Wooley .
got to CVS through the Granoff Center .
got to 111 Brown Street North House through the Thayer and Cushing .
got to Thayer and Meeting through the Salon Persia .
got to Emery Hall through the Peter Green House .
avoid the first and New Pembroke 4 and go to Sidney Frank Hall .
avoid the first and Sharpe House and go to Andreas .
avoid the first and Sidney Frank Hall and go to New Pembroke 3 .
avoid the first and Morriss Hall and go to Sharpe House .
avoid the first and East Side Station Post Office and go to 111 Brown Street North House .
avoid the first and Granoff Center and go to Champlin Hall .
avoid the first and Emery & Wooley and go to Morriss Hall .
avoid the first and Pleasant Surprises and go to Granoff Center .
avoid the first and West House and go to Morriss Hall .
stay on the Biomedical Center while navigating to Thayer and Meeting .
stay on the Hillel House while navigating to 164 Angel .
stay on the New Pembroke 4 while navigating to Miller Hall .
stay on the Verney-Woolley Hall while navigating to West House .
stay on the Sidney Frank Hall while navigating to West House .
stay on the Avon Cinema while navigating to Andrews Hall .
stay on the Hillel House while navigating to Sidney Frank Hall .
stay on the Verney-Woolley Hall while navigating to CVS .
stay on the Peter Green House while navigating to Biomedical Center .
stay on the Berk's;Shanghai while navigating to Sidney Frank Hall .
go to Sidney Frank Hall while avoiding going through any other objects
go to Miller Hall while avoiding going through any other objects
go to Facing Thayer while avoiding going through any other objects
go to College Hill Bookstore while avoiding going through any other objects
go to New Pembroke 4 while avoiding going through any other objects
go to 219 Bowen while avoiding going through any other objects
go to 219 Bowen while avoiding going through any other objects
go to Supercuts from the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building only .
go to Facing Thayer from the Alumnae Hall only .
go to 164 Angel from the J. R. Workman Garden only .
go to Thayer and Meeting from the Champlin Hall only .
go to New Pembroke 3 from the Emery & Wooley only .
go to Peter Green House from the 219 Bowen only .
go to New Pembroke 1 while avoiding the first and Soban .
go to CVS while avoiding the first and 164 Angel .
go to Andrews Terrace while avoiding the first and 164 Angel .
go to Sidney Frank Hall while avoiding the first and Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to New Pembroke 4 while avoiding the first and Sidney Frank Hall .
go to Hillel House while avoiding the first and CVS .
go to Pembroke Hall while avoiding the first and Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to Supercuts while avoiding the first and Champlin Hall .
go to 111 Brown Street North House while avoiding the first and CVS .
go to New Pembroke 1 while avoiding the first and Andrews Terrace .
go to Emery & Wooley while avoiding the first and CVS .
go to CVS while avoiding the first and Emery Hall .
go to Emery & Wooley but remain on the 111 Brown Street North House .
go to 219 Bowen but remain on the 164 Angel .
go to Granoff Center but remain on the College Hill Bookstore .
go to J. R. Workman Garden but remain on the Morriss Hall .
go to Champlin Hall but remain on the New Pembroke 1 .
stay on the Thayer and Meeting and navigate to Hillel House .
stay on the Blue State Coffee and navigate to Morriss Hall .
stay on the West House and navigate to Alumnae Hall .
stay on the New Pembroke 2 and navigate to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
stay on the Pembroke Park and navigate to Biomedical Center .
stay on the Pembroke Hall and navigate to Smith Buonanno Hall .
stay on the College Hill Bookstore and navigate to Supercuts .
stay on the 111 Brown Street North House and navigate to CVS .
stay on the New Pembroke 2 and navigate to CVS .
stay on the Andreas and navigate to 219 Bowen .
stay on the Spiritus Fermenti and navigate to Sharpe House .
avoid the Second Time Around and the Brown University Bookstore and go to Second Time Around .
avoid the J. R. Workman Garden and the Sidney Frank Hall and go to J. R. Workman Garden .
avoid the Metcalf Hall and the Brown University Bookstore and go to Metcalf Hall .
avoid the 219 Bowen and the Salon Persia and go to 219 Bowen .
avoid the Second Time Around and the Peter Green House and go to Second Time Around .
avoid the Pembroke Park and the Emery & Wooley and go to Pembroke Park .
avoid the West House and the Smith Buonanno Hall and go to West House .
avoid the Thayer and Cushing and the Peter Green House and go to Thayer and Cushing .
avoid the Verney-Woolley Hall and the Facing Thayer and go to Verney-Woolley Hall .
avoid the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building and the Miller Hall and go to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
avoid the CVS and the Alumnae Hall and go to CVS .
avoid the Pleasant Surprises and the Metcalf Hall and go to Pleasant Surprises .
stay on the Sidney Frank Hall and navigate to 164 Angel .
stay on the Salon Persia and navigate to New Pembroke 4 .
stay on the Supercuts and navigate to Emery Hall .
stay on the Champlin Hall and navigate to Pleasant Surprises .
stay on the West House and navigate to Blue State Coffee .
stay on the Miller Hall and navigate to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
stay on the CVS to get to Sidney Frank Hall .
stay on the Facing Thayer to get to Avon Cinema .
stay on the Sharpe House to get to 219 Bowen .
stay on the East Side Station Post Office to get to West House .
stay on the Thayer and Meeting to get to Sidney Frank Hall .
stay on the Facing Thayer to get to Salon Persia .
stay on the Smith Buonanno Hall to get to Meeting Street Cafe .
stay on the West House to get to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
stay on the CVS to get to Verney-Woolley Hall .
stay on the Second Time Around to get to Alumnae Hall .
go to Spiritus Fermenti only through the Smith Buonanno Hall
go to Morriss Hall only through the New Pembroke 3
go to Supercuts only through the Emery Hall
go to Verney-Woolley Hall only through the East Side Station Post Office
go to Salon Persia only through the Verney-Woolley Hall
go to 219 Bowen only through the Andreas
go to Andrews Hall only through the Salon Persia
go to Pleasant Surprises only through the Peter Green House
go to New Pembroke 4 only through the Biomedical Center
go to West House only through the Pembroke Hall
go to New Pembroke 1 only through the Verney-Woolley Hall
go to Sidney Frank Hall only through the West House
move to Andrews Hall without leaving the Granoff Center .
move to Pleasant Surprises without leaving the Second Time Around .
move to Spiritus Fermenti without leaving the 219 Bowen .
move to Morriss Hall without leaving the Andreas .
move to Pleasant Surprises without leaving the Blue State Coffee .
move to New Pembroke 2 without leaving the Facing Thayer .
move to Salon Persia without leaving the Blue State Coffee .
move to Thayer and Meeting without leaving the New Pembroke 4 .
move to 219 Bowen without leaving the Sharpe House .
move to Champlin Hall without leaving the New Pembroke 4 .
avoid the second and Granoff Center and go to the Miller Hall .
avoid the second and Salon Persia and go to the West House .
avoid the second and Blue State Coffee and go to the Meeting Street Cafe .
avoid the second and Emery Hall and go to the J. R. Workman Garden .
avoid the second and New Pembroke 1 and go to the Avon Cinema .
avoid the second and New Pembroke 2 and go to the Andrews Hall .
avoid the second and Emery Hall and go to the Andreas .
avoid the second and Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building and go to the Pleasant Surprises .
avoid the second and Facing Thayer and go to the 219 Bowen .
avoid the second and Pembroke Park and go to the 111 Brown Street North House .
avoid the second and Pleasant Surprises and go to the 111 Brown Street North House .
avoid the second and CVS and go to the Salon Persia .
go to the CVS only through the Emery Hall
go to the Biomedical Center only through the Spiritus Fermenti
go to the College Hill Bookstore only through the Alumnae Hall
go to the Facing Thayer only through the East Side Station Post Office
go to the Miller Hall only through the New Pembroke 3
stay on the Smith Buonanno Hall while going to the J. R. Workman Garden .
stay on the Biomedical Center while going to the Thayer and Cushing .
stay on the New Pembroke 4 while going to the Avon Cinema .
stay on the Andreas while going to the New Pembroke 1 .
stay on the Miller Hall while going to the Champlin Hall .
stay on the Pembroke Park while going to the Andreas .
stay on the Facing Thayer while going to the 111 Brown Street North House .
stay on the Facing Thayer while going to the Pembroke Park .
stay on the Thayer and Cushing while going to the 219 Bowen .
stay on the Blue State Coffee while going to the Biomedical Center .
avoid the second and Meeting Street Cafe and go to the Pembroke Hall .
avoid the second and College Hill Bookstore and go to the New Pembroke 4 .
avoid the second and Pembroke Hall and go to the New Pembroke 2 .
avoid the second and Thayer and Meeting and go to the Alumnae Hall .
avoid the second and Pembroke Hall and go to the 219 Bowen .
avoid the second and Sidney Frank Hall and go to the West House .
avoid the second and Sharpe House and go to the Pembroke Park .
avoid the second and New Pembroke 1 and go to the Champlin Hall .
avoid the second and Sidney Frank Hall and go to the 111 Brown Street North House .
avoid the second and Pembroke Hall and go to the College Hill Bookstore .
avoid the second and 219 Bowen and go to the Emery & Wooley .
avoid the second and Berk's;Shanghai and go to the Morriss Hall .
proceed to the New Pembroke 2 but do n't leave the 219 Bowen .
proceed to the Berk's;Shanghai but do n't leave the Spiritus Fermenti .
proceed to the Thayer and Cushing but do n't leave the New Pembroke 2 .
proceed to the Second Time Around but do n't leave the Smith Buonanno Hall .
proceed to the Thayer and Meeting but do n't leave the 164 Angel .
proceed to the CVS but do n't leave the Andrews Hall .
proceed to the CVS but do n't leave the 219 Bowen .
proceed to the Thayer and Cushing but do n't leave the Facing Thayer .
proceed to the Smith Buonanno Hall but do n't leave the Soban .
proceed to the West House but do n't leave the Miller Hall .
proceed to the CVS but do n't leave the East Side Station Post Office .
go to the Pembroke Hall from the Brown University Bookstore
go to the New Pembroke 3 from the Andrews Hall
go to the J. R. Workman Garden from the Miller Hall
go to the Granoff Center from the J. R. Workman Garden
go to the New Pembroke 3 from the Emery Hall
go to the Pleasant Surprises from the Spiritus Fermenti
go to the Morriss Hall from the Pembroke Hall
do not navigate away from the Granoff Center and go to the Avon Cinema .
do not navigate away from the Pleasant Surprises and go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
do not navigate away from the Andrews Terrace and go to the Pembroke Hall .
do not navigate away from the Smith Buonanno Hall and go to the New Pembroke 2 .
do not navigate away from the East Side Station Post Office and go to the Pleasant Surprises .
do not navigate away from the Pleasant Surprises and go to the College Hill Bookstore .
do not navigate away from the Alumnae Hall and go to the J. R. Workman Garden .
do not navigate away from the Emery & Wooley and go to the Andreas .
go to College Hill Bookstore and avoid 2nd and Sharpe House
go to Andrews Hall and avoid 2nd and Berk's;Shanghai
go to East Side Station Post Office and avoid 2nd and Peter Green House
go to Spiritus Fermenti and avoid 2nd and Blue State Coffee
go to Berk's;Shanghai and avoid 2nd and Salon Persia
go to New Pembroke 3 and avoid 2nd and Smith Buonanno Hall
go to Pembroke Hall and avoid 2nd and Andrews Hall
go to Biomedical Center and avoid 2nd and West House
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall without ever leaving the Morriss Hall .
go to the J. R. Workman Garden without ever leaving the Thayer and Meeting .
go to the Thayer and Cushing without ever leaving the CVS .
go to the J. R. Workman Garden without ever leaving the New Pembroke 1 .
go to the New Pembroke 2 without ever leaving the Emery Hall .
go to the Soban without ever leaving the Andrews Terrace .
go to the Second Time Around without ever leaving the New Pembroke 1 .
go to the Metcalf Hall without ever leaving the Hillel House .
go to the Emery Hall without ever leaving the CVS .
go to the College Hill Bookstore without ever leaving the Peter Green House .
stay on the West House and go to the Emery & Wooley .
stay on the New Pembroke 3 and go to the Pembroke Hall .
stay on the West House and go to the Metcalf Hall .
stay on the Thayer and Meeting and go to the West House .
stay on the Andrews Terrace and go to the Salon Persia .
stay on the Alumnae Hall and go to the Sharpe House .
stay on the Morriss Hall and go to the Hillel House .
stay on the Pleasant Surprises and go to the Peter Green House .
stay on the Emery Hall and go to the Thayer and Cushing .
remain on the Supercuts and go directly to the Andrews Terrace .
remain on the Granoff Center and go directly to the Facing Thayer .
remain on the Emery & Wooley and go directly to the Pleasant Surprises .
remain on the Berk's;Shanghai and go directly to the Pembroke Park .
remain on the Avon Cinema and go directly to the Biomedical Center .
remain on the J. R. Workman Garden and go directly to the Blue State Coffee .
remain on the Verney-Woolley Hall and go directly to the CVS .
remain on the Andrews Terrace and go directly to the Biomedical Center .
remain on the Emery & Wooley and go directly to the New Pembroke 3 .
move to the Verney-Woolley Hall without leaving the Salon Persia .
move to the West House without leaving the Champlin Hall .
move to the J. R. Workman Garden without leaving the New Pembroke 4 .
move to the West House without leaving the Morriss Hall .
move to the Andrews Terrace without leaving the Thayer and Meeting .
move to the Facing Thayer without leaving the Miller Hall .
move to the J. R. Workman Garden without leaving the Andrews Hall .
move to the West House without leaving the Andrews Terrace .
move to the Pleasant Surprises without leaving the West House .
remain on the New Pembroke 2 and navigate to the New Pembroke 4 .
remain on the Metcalf Hall and navigate to the Spiritus Fermenti .
remain on the Sidney Frank Hall and navigate to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
remain on the Biomedical Center and navigate to the Pembroke Park .
remain on the Emery & Wooley and navigate to the Spiritus Fermenti .
go to the CVS while staying on the Berk's;Shanghai .
go to the Blue State Coffee while staying on the Brown University Bookstore .
go to the New Pembroke 2 while staying on the Peter Green House .
go to the Supercuts while staying on the Berk's;Shanghai .
go to the Supercuts while staying on the 111 Brown Street North House .
go to the Morriss Hall while staying on the Biomedical Center .
go to the Avon Cinema while staying on the Andreas .
go to the Smith Buonanno Hall while staying on the Emery Hall .
go to the J. R. Workman Garden while staying on the Berk's;Shanghai .
go to the 164 Angel while staying on the Granoff Center .
go to the New Pembroke 1 without going to New Pembroke 1 .
go to the Granoff Center without going to Granoff Center .
go to the Avon Cinema without going to Avon Cinema .
go to the Pleasant Surprises without going to Pleasant Surprises .
go to the Champlin Hall without going to Champlin Hall .
go to the Berk's;Shanghai without going to Berk's;Shanghai .
go to the Spiritus Fermenti without going to Spiritus Fermenti .
go to the Hillel House without going to Hillel House .
go to the Spiritus Fermenti without going to Spiritus Fermenti .
go to the College Hill Bookstore without going to College Hill Bookstore .
go to the Pleasant Surprises without going to Pleasant Surprises .
go to the Emery Hall without going to Emery Hall .
go directly to Thayer and Meeting
go directly to Spiritus Fermenti
go directly to 219 Bowen
go directly to East Side Station Post Office
go directly to Sidney Frank Hall
go directly to New Pembroke 2
go directly to Andreas
go directly to Berk's;Shanghai
go directly to Pembroke Hall
go directly to Granoff Center
navigate to the College Hill Bookstore staying on the Spiritus Fermenti .
navigate to the Emery & Wooley staying on the Granoff Center .
navigate to the Salon Persia staying on the CVS .
navigate to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building staying on the Smith Buonanno Hall .
navigate to the East Side Station Post Office staying on the Blue State Coffee .
navigate to the Second Time Around staying on the Pleasant Surprises .
navigate to the College Hill Bookstore staying on the Morriss Hall .
navigate to the Emery Hall staying on the Berk's;Shanghai .
navigate to the Biomedical Center staying on the College Hill Bookstore .
navigate to the Alumnae Hall staying on the Metcalf Hall .
navigate to the Sidney Frank Hall staying on the East Side Station Post Office .
navigate to the West House staying on the Avon Cinema .
go to the J. R. Workman Garden
go to the Biomedical Center
go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building
go to the Thayer and Cushing
go to the Facing Thayer
go to the J. R. Workman Garden
go to the Sidney Frank Hall
go to the Facing Thayer
go to the Biomedical Center
go to the New Pembroke 1
go to the Andreas
go to the Andrews Terrace .
go to the Biomedical Center .
go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to the Pembroke Park .
go to the 164 Angel .
go to the Andrews Terrace .
go to the Emery Hall .
go to the Berk's;Shanghai .
go to the Pembroke Hall .
go to the Pleasant Surprises .
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to the 164 Angel .
go to the Hillel House .
go to the New Pembroke 3 .
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to the Alumnae Hall .
go to the Supercuts .
go to the Biomedical Center .
go to the Thayer and Meeting .
go to the Pembroke Hall .
head to the Brown University Bookstore .
head to the Emery Hall .
head to the Avon Cinema .
head to the Meeting Street Cafe .
head to the College Hill Bookstore .
head to the 164 Angel .
head to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
head to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
head to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
head to the Peter Green House .
navigate to the Alumnae Hall .
navigate to the Andreas .
navigate to the Avon Cinema .
navigate to the Pembroke Hall .
navigate to the Emery & Wooley .
navigate to the Granoff Center .
navigate to the Avon Cinema .
move to the Pembroke Park .
move to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
move to the Sidney Frank Hall .
move to the Peter Green House .
move to the Hillel House .
move to the Meeting Street Cafe .
move to the Andrews Hall .
move to the Biomedical Center .
move to the College Hill Bookstore .
move to the Champlin Hall .
move to the Berk's;Shanghai .
navigate to the Meeting Street Cafe .
navigate to the Sidney Frank Hall .
navigate to the Alumnae Hall .
navigate to the East Side Station Post Office .
navigate to the Thayer and Meeting .
navigate to the J. R. Workman Garden .
navigate to the Blue State Coffee .
navigate to the Soban .
navigate to the Meeting Street Cafe .
navigate to the Pembroke Hall .
navigate to the Andrews Hall .
navigate to the Soban .
navigate to the Pembroke Hall .
navigate to the New Pembroke 2 .
navigate to the Pleasant Surprises .
navigate to the Facing Thayer .
go to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to the Miller Hall .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the Morriss Hall .
go to the Thayer and Meeting .
move to the West House .
move to the Emery Hall .
move to the West House .
move to the Hillel House .
move to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
move to the Avon Cinema .
move to the Blue State Coffee .
move to the Facing Thayer .
move to the Pembroke Park .
move to the Pembroke Hall .
move to the Brown University Bookstore .
navigate to the Pleasant Surprises .
navigate to the CVS .
navigate to the New Pembroke 4 .
navigate to the Andreas .
navigate to the College Hill Bookstore .
navigate to the Second Time Around .
navigate to the Hillel House .
navigate to the Meeting Street Cafe .
navigate to the Miller Hall .
navigate to the 164 Angel .
navigate to the Brown University Bookstore .
navigate to the Metcalf Hall .
proceed to the Sharpe House .
proceed to the Supercuts .
proceed to the Supercuts .
proceed to the New Pembroke 3 .
proceed to the Hillel House .
proceed to the Granoff Center .
proceed to the New Pembroke 3 .
proceed to the New Pembroke 1 .
go to the 111 Brown Street North House .
go to the East Side Station Post Office .
go to the New Pembroke 2 .
go to the Metcalf Hall .
go to the West House .
go to the Second Time Around
go to the Peter Green House
go to the Biomedical Center
go to the Brown University Bookstore
go to the Sidney Frank Hall
go to the New Pembroke 2
go to the Sharpe House
go to the Sidney Frank Hall
go to the West House
go to the Sharpe House
go to the Meeting Street Cafe
go to the New Pembroke 4
go to the Pembroke Hall .
go to the College Hill Bookstore .
go to the Avon Cinema .
go to the J. R. Workman Garden .
go to the Pembroke Hall .
go to the Emery & Wooley .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall .
navigate to the Blue State Coffee .
navigate to the Andrews Terrace .
navigate to the Sidney Frank Hall .
navigate to the Pembroke Hall .
navigate to the Pembroke Hall .
navigate to the Andreas .
navigate to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
navigate to the Morriss Hall .
go to the Pembroke Hall .
go to the Alumnae Hall .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the Avon Cinema .
go to the Berk's;Shanghai .
go to the Champlin Hall .
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to the Second Time Around .
go to Emery Hall then go to Andrews Hall .
go to Miller Hall then go to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to Pleasant Surprises then go to West House .
go to Andrews Hall then go to Sharpe House .
go to Salon Persia then go to Emery Hall .
go to Thayer and Meeting then go to New Pembroke 3 .
go to the Champlin Hall .
go to the 111 Brown Street North House .
go to the Emery Hall .
go to the New Pembroke 3 .
go to the East Side Station Post Office .
go to the New Pembroke 2 .
go to the Pembroke Park .
go to the Miller Hall .
go to the Andreas .
go to the Brown University Bookstore .
go to the Andrews Terrace .
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall
go to the Sharpe House
go to the Sidney Frank Hall
go to the Sidney Frank Hall
go to the Metcalf Hall
go to the Emery Hall
go to the New Pembroke 4
go to the J. R. Workman Garden
go to the Morriss Hall
go to the Pembroke Hall
go to the Champlin Hall
go to the CVS
go to the West House .
go to the 219 Bowen .
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to the Meeting Street Cafe .
go to the 219 Bowen .
go to the Alumnae Hall .
go to the Meeting Street Cafe .
go to the Meeting Street Cafe .
go to the New Pembroke 3 .
go to the Second Time Around .
go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building
go to the Sidney Frank Hall
go to the Emery Hall
go to the 164 Angel
go to the Champlin Hall
go to the Sidney Frank Hall
go to the Sharpe House
go to the Salon Persia
go to the Emery & Wooley .
go to the New Pembroke 1 .
go to the New Pembroke 3 .
go to the Blue State Coffee .
go to the Soban .
go to the West House .
go to the Avon Cinema .
go to the Supercuts .
go to the Soban .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the Soban .
go to the New Pembroke 4 .
go to the J. R. Workman Garden .
go to the Emery & Wooley .
go to the New Pembroke 2 .
go to the Andreas .
go to the Emery & Wooley .
move to the Facing Thayer .
move to the Pembroke Park .
move to the Pembroke Hall .
move to the Sidney Frank Hall .
move to the New Pembroke 2 .
move to the Alumnae Hall .
move to the Sidney Frank Hall .
move to the Morriss Hall .
move to the Champlin Hall .
go to the Granoff Center .
go to the Berk's;Shanghai .
go to the Andrews Hall .
go to the New Pembroke 3 .
go to the Berk's;Shanghai .
go to the Soban .
go to the Thayer and Cushing .
go to the Thayer and Meeting .
go to the Emery Hall .
go to the College Hill Bookstore .
go to the Pembroke Hall .
navigate to the Pembroke Hall .
navigate to the Supercuts .
navigate to the Emery & Wooley .
navigate to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
navigate to the Meeting Street Cafe .
navigate to the West House .
navigate to the Sharpe House .
navigate to the Avon Cinema .
navigate to the 164 Angel .
navigate to the Sharpe House .
go to the Berk's;Shanghai .
go to the Peter Green House .
go to the New Pembroke 4 .
go to the Salon Persia .
go to the Andrews Hall .
go to the 111 Brown Street North House .
go to the J. R. Workman Garden .
go to the Avon Cinema .
navigate to the Meeting Street Cafe .
navigate to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
navigate to the CVS .
navigate to the Sidney Frank Hall .
navigate to the Facing Thayer .
navigate to the Andrews Hall .
navigate to the New Pembroke 3 .
robot , go to the Champlin Hall .
robot , go to the Pembroke Hall .
robot , go to the Sharpe House .
robot , go to the Morriss Hall .
robot , go to the New Pembroke 2 .
robot , go to the Salon Persia .
robot , go to the Miller Hall .
robot , go to the Emery Hall .
robot , go to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
robot , go to the New Pembroke 2 .
go to Emery Hall and avoid the Hillel House .
go to Pembroke Park and avoid the New Pembroke 2 .
go to Thayer and Cushing and avoid the Salon Persia .
go to Supercuts and avoid the Alumnae Hall .
go to New Pembroke 1 and avoid the New Pembroke 3 .
avoiding the East Side Station Post Office , go to Granoff Center .
avoiding the New Pembroke 4 , go to New Pembroke 2 .
avoiding the New Pembroke 4 , go to Brown University Bookstore .
avoiding the Soban , go to Berk's;Shanghai .
avoiding the East Side Station Post Office , go to Alumnae Hall .
avoiding the Berk's;Shanghai , go to New Pembroke 2 .
avoiding the College Hill Bookstore , go to New Pembroke 2 .
avoid the Facing Thayer and go to Blue State Coffee .
avoid the Sidney Frank Hall and go to J. R. Workman Garden .
avoid the Sharpe House and go to 111 Brown Street North House .
avoid the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building and go to New Pembroke 4 .
avoid the Brown University Bookstore and go to Soban .
avoid the Sharpe House and go to Soban .
avoid the Peter Green House and go to Metcalf Hall .
avoid the Emery Hall and go to Peter Green House .
avoid the East Side Station Post Office and go to Pembroke Park
avoid the West House and go to Emery & Wooley
avoid the Biomedical Center and go to 219 Bowen
avoid the Peter Green House and go to Verney-Woolley Hall
avoid the New Pembroke 2 and go to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building
avoid the Brown University Bookstore and go to Avon Cinema
avoid the Biomedical Center and go to Andrews Terrace
avoid the Morriss Hall on the way to Verney-Woolley Hall .
avoid the Thayer and Meeting on the way to West House .
avoid the Sharpe House on the way to Berk's;Shanghai .
avoid the Supercuts on the way to Pleasant Surprises .
avoid the Salon Persia on the way to West House .
avoid the Smith Buonanno Hall on the way to Avon Cinema .
avoid the 164 Angel on the way to New Pembroke 4 .
avoid the Peter Green House on the way to East Side Station Post Office .
avoid the New Pembroke 1 on the way to Salon Persia .
avoid the 111 Brown Street North House on the way to Granoff Center .
avoid the Brown University Bookstore on the way to Alumnae Hall .
avoid the Blue State Coffee on the way to Alumnae Hall .
go to Pleasant Surprises whilst avoiding the New Pembroke 4 .
go to Granoff Center whilst avoiding the New Pembroke 1 .
go to New Pembroke 1 whilst avoiding the Sharpe House .
go to New Pembroke 4 whilst avoiding the Biomedical Center .
go to Avon Cinema whilst avoiding the Second Time Around .
go to Emery & Wooley whilst avoiding the Metcalf Hall .
go to Salon Persia whilst avoiding the J. R. Workman Garden .
always avoid the Andreas to navigate to Andrews Hall .
always avoid the Pembroke Hall to navigate to Sidney Frank Hall .
always avoid the Facing Thayer to navigate to New Pembroke 2 .
always avoid the Peter Green House to navigate to Miller Hall .
always avoid the J. R. Workman Garden to navigate to Avon Cinema .
avoid the Sharpe House and go to Metcalf Hall .
avoid the 219 Bowen and go to Thayer and Cushing .
avoid the Metcalf Hall and go to New Pembroke 3 .
avoid the Second Time Around and go to Pleasant Surprises .
avoid the West House and go to Second Time Around .
avoid the Thayer and Meeting and go to Meeting Street Cafe .
avoid the Pembroke Hall and go to Emery & Wooley .
avoid the New Pembroke 1 and go to Avon Cinema .
avoid the 111 Brown Street North House and go to Blue State Coffee .
proceed to Sharpe House without going through the Morriss Hall .
proceed to Sharpe House without going through the West House .
proceed to Pembroke Hall without going through the CVS .
proceed to Thayer and Cushing without going through the Champlin Hall .
proceed to Metcalf Hall without going through the Peter Green House .
proceed to Meeting Street Cafe without going through the East Side Station Post Office .
proceed to 111 Brown Street North House without going through the Meeting Street Cafe .
proceed to Andrews Terrace without going through the Thayer and Meeting .
proceed to West House without going through the Blue State Coffee .
always avoid the Sharpe House while navigating to Avon Cinema .
always avoid the Sidney Frank Hall while navigating to Alumnae Hall .
always avoid the Emery & Wooley while navigating to Salon Persia .
always avoid the Biomedical Center while navigating to Pleasant Surprises .
always avoid the Emery & Wooley while navigating to Andrews Terrace .
always avoid the New Pembroke 1 while navigating to Thayer and Cushing .
always avoid the Sidney Frank Hall while navigating to Facing Thayer .
always avoid the Soban while navigating to 164 Angel .
always avoid the Facing Thayer while navigating to College Hill Bookstore .
always avoid the Miller Hall while navigating to West House .
go to CVS while avoiding the Salon Persia .
go to CVS while avoiding the Metcalf Hall .
go to Meeting Street Cafe while avoiding the CVS .
go to Emery Hall while avoiding the Miller Hall .
go to East Side Station Post Office while avoiding the Second Time Around .
go to Sharpe House while avoiding the New Pembroke 2 .
go to Pembroke Park while avoiding the Salon Persia .
go to Sidney Frank Hall while avoiding the 219 Bowen .
advance to New Pembroke 3 but always avoid the Alumnae Hall .
advance to West House but always avoid the Sidney Frank Hall .
advance to 219 Bowen but always avoid the Granoff Center .
advance to Supercuts but always avoid the Soban .
advance to Smith Buonanno Hall but always avoid the Spiritus Fermenti .
advance to Pleasant Surprises but always avoid the West House .
advance to Pleasant Surprises but always avoid the Verney-Woolley Hall .
advance to J. R. Workman Garden but always avoid the Alumnae Hall .
advance to Verney-Woolley Hall but always avoid the Hillel House .
advance to Sidney Frank Hall but always avoid the Spiritus Fermenti .
avoid the Hillel House until you reach Supercuts .
avoid the Andreas until you reach Sidney Frank Hall .
avoid the Metcalf Hall until you reach Brown University Bookstore .
avoid the Sidney Frank Hall until you reach Sharpe House .
avoid the Avon Cinema until you reach Pembroke Hall .
avoid the Thayer and Meeting until you reach Granoff Center .
avoid the Brown University Bookstore until you reach Second Time Around .
go to Metcalf Hall and avoid the Facing Thayer .
go to Supercuts and avoid the East Side Station Post Office .
go to Andrews Terrace and avoid the Emery & Wooley .
go to West House and avoid the 219 Bowen .
go to Smith Buonanno Hall and avoid the Pembroke Park .
go to J. R. Workman Garden and avoid the Alumnae Hall .
always avoid the Sidney Frank Hall and go to Salon Persia .
always avoid the Champlin Hall and go to Peter Green House .
always avoid the New Pembroke 4 and go to Sidney Frank Hall .
always avoid the Morriss Hall and go to Thayer and Cushing .
always avoid the Andrews Hall and go to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
always avoid the 219 Bowen and go to Spiritus Fermenti .
always avoid the New Pembroke 3 and go to CVS .
always avoid the New Pembroke 2 and go to Soban .
always avoid the Berk's;Shanghai and go to 111 Brown Street North House .
always avoid the Salon Persia and go to College Hill Bookstore .
always avoid the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building and go to Sidney Frank Hall .
while avoiding the Thayer and Meeting , navigate to 111 Brown Street North House .
while avoiding the Smith Buonanno Hall , navigate to Biomedical Center .
while avoiding the New Pembroke 3 , navigate to Alumnae Hall .
while avoiding the Brown University Bookstore , navigate to Thayer and Meeting .
while avoiding the Andreas , navigate to Sharpe House .
avoid the Andrews Terrace and go to Andrews Hall .
avoid the Alumnae Hall and go to New Pembroke 4 .
avoid the 219 Bowen and go to Sidney Frank Hall .
avoid the Pembroke Hall and go to Blue State Coffee .
avoid the Spiritus Fermenti and go to West House .
avoid the Sharpe House and go to Meeting Street Cafe .
avoid the 219 Bowen and go to CVS .
avoid the Morriss Hall and go to Pembroke Hall .
avoid the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building and go to Salon Persia .
avoid the Andrews Terrace and go to Emery & Wooley .
go to Verney-Woolley Hall while always avoiding the Sharpe House
go to Miller Hall while always avoiding the Pembroke Park
go to New Pembroke 2 while always avoiding the Berk's;Shanghai
go to Facing Thayer while always avoiding the Metcalf Hall
go to Pembroke Park while always avoiding the Meeting Street Cafe
go to Champlin Hall while always avoiding the Hillel House
go to Andrews Terrace always avoiding the Sharpe House .
go to Meeting Street Cafe always avoiding the 164 Angel .
go to Andreas always avoiding the Second Time Around .
go to Andrews Terrace always avoiding the Champlin Hall .
go to CVS always avoiding the Meeting Street Cafe .
while always avoiding the Emery Hall , go to Smith Buonanno Hall .
while always avoiding the 164 Angel , go to 219 Bowen .
while always avoiding the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building , go to Andreas .
while always avoiding the CVS , go to Emery Hall .
while always avoiding the J. R. Workman Garden , go to Berk's;Shanghai .
while always avoiding the Morriss Hall , go to 164 Angel .
while always avoiding the CVS , go to Hillel House .
while always avoiding the New Pembroke 3 , go to Biomedical Center .
while always avoiding the Smith Buonanno Hall , go to Supercuts .
while always avoiding the Emery & Wooley , go to New Pembroke 2 .
while always avoiding the College Hill Bookstore , go to 111 Brown Street North House .
while always avoiding the Granoff Center , go to Supercuts .
avoid the Hillel House and go to Andrews Terrace .
avoid the Andrews Hall and go to Champlin Hall .
avoid the Andrews Hall and go to 164 Angel .
avoid the Sidney Frank Hall and go to Miller Hall .
avoid the Biomedical Center and go to 164 Angel .
avoid the Blue State Coffee and go to Thayer and Cushing .
avoid the Emery & Wooley and go to Avon Cinema .
avoid the New Pembroke 1 and go to Andreas .
avoid the Peter Green House and go to East Side Station Post Office .
avoid the New Pembroke 4 and go to Supercuts .
avoid the Biomedical Center and go to Soban .
go to Supercuts and always avoid the Pleasant Surprises
go to Facing Thayer and always avoid the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building
go to Verney-Woolley Hall and always avoid the Smith Buonanno Hall
go to Alumnae Hall and always avoid the Soban
go to Sidney Frank Hall and always avoid the Andreas
go to Meeting Street Cafe and always avoid the 111 Brown Street North House
go to Metcalf Hall and always avoid the Soban
go to Spiritus Fermenti and always avoid the Soban
go to Metcalf Hall and always avoid the Champlin Hall
go to Thayer and Meeting and always avoid the Meeting Street Cafe
go to New Pembroke 2 without entering the Meeting Street Cafe .
go to Pembroke Park without entering the East Side Station Post Office .
go to Blue State Coffee without entering the New Pembroke 3 .
go to New Pembroke 4 without entering the Hillel House .
go to Spiritus Fermenti without entering the New Pembroke 3 .
go to Berk's;Shanghai without entering the Thayer and Cushing .
go to Sidney Frank Hall without entering the 111 Brown Street North House .
go to Andreas without entering the Hillel House .
go to Morriss Hall without entering the Berk's;Shanghai .
go to Miller Hall without going in the Pembroke Hall
go to New Pembroke 3 without going in the Emery & Wooley
go to Thayer and Cushing without going in the Morriss Hall
go to New Pembroke 3 without going in the Morriss Hall
go to J. R. Workman Garden without going in the East Side Station Post Office
go to Blue State Coffee without going in the Champlin Hall
go to New Pembroke 4 without going in the Pembroke Hall
stay away from the 111 Brown Street North House and go to 219 Bowen .
stay away from the J. R. Workman Garden and go to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
stay away from the Sidney Frank Hall and go to Second Time Around .
stay away from the Emery & Wooley and go to 111 Brown Street North House .
stay away from the New Pembroke 1 and go to Thayer and Meeting .
stay away from the New Pembroke 3 and go to Granoff Center .
stay away from the West House and go to Andrews Hall .
avoid the Pembroke Hall and go to New Pembroke 4 .
avoid the 111 Brown Street North House and go to 219 Bowen .
avoid the Metcalf Hall and go to Soban .
avoid the 111 Brown Street North House and go to New Pembroke 1 .
avoid the Emery & Wooley and go to New Pembroke 4 .
go to New Pembroke 3 while always avoiding the Soban .
go to J. R. Workman Garden while always avoiding the Thayer and Meeting .
go to Thayer and Cushing while always avoiding the Brown University Bookstore .
go to New Pembroke 2 while always avoiding the 111 Brown Street North House .
go to Spiritus Fermenti while always avoiding the Second Time Around .
go to Sidney Frank Hall while always avoiding the Sharpe House .
go to Morriss Hall while always avoiding the Pembroke Hall .
go to Verney-Woolley Hall while always avoiding the East Side Station Post Office .
go to Smith Buonanno Hall while always avoiding the West House .
go to Alumnae Hall while always avoiding the Emery & Wooley .
without stepping in the Thayer and Cushing , go to Smith Buonanno Hall .
without stepping in the Biomedical Center , go to New Pembroke 1 .
without stepping in the Supercuts , go to 219 Bowen .
without stepping in the Alumnae Hall , go to Thayer and Meeting .
without stepping in the Andreas , go to Blue State Coffee .
avoid the Smith Buonanno Hall until you go to Meeting Street Cafe
avoid the Salon Persia until you go to Spiritus Fermenti
avoid the Andreas until you go to Brown University Bookstore
avoid the Verney-Woolley Hall until you go to Alumnae Hall
avoid the Blue State Coffee until you go to Thayer and Cushing
avoid the New Pembroke 1 until you go to New Pembroke 2
avoid the Soban until you go to Supercuts
always avoid the Miller Hall , go to 111 Brown Street North House .
always avoid the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building , go to New Pembroke 1 .
always avoid the Granoff Center , go to J. R. Workman Garden .
always avoid the East Side Station Post Office , go to New Pembroke 3 .
always avoid the New Pembroke 4 , go to Champlin Hall .
always avoid the Miller Hall , go to Sidney Frank Hall .
always avoid the Blue State Coffee , go to Andrews Terrace .
always avoid the New Pembroke 3 , go to West House .
always avoid the Champlin Hall , go to East Side Station Post Office .
always avoid the Peter Green House , go to Avon Cinema .
always avoid the Pembroke Park , go to Blue State Coffee .
go to the New Pembroke 3 but avoid the New Pembroke 1 .
go to the 111 Brown Street North House but avoid the Hillel House .
go to the Granoff Center but avoid the Facing Thayer .
go to the Granoff Center but avoid the Meeting Street Cafe .
go to the Thayer and Meeting but avoid the New Pembroke 4 .
go to the Andrews Hall but avoid the 219 Bowen .
go to the Salon Persia but avoid the Facing Thayer .
go to the Andrews Terrace but avoid the Morriss Hall .
go to the 111 Brown Street North House but avoid the Thayer and Meeting .
go to the Thayer and Cushing but avoid the College Hill Bookstore .
go to the CVS but avoid the 111 Brown Street North House .
navigate to the New Pembroke 3 always avoiding the Blue State Coffee .
navigate to the New Pembroke 3 always avoiding the East Side Station Post Office .
navigate to the Emery & Wooley always avoiding the 111 Brown Street North House .
navigate to the Second Time Around always avoiding the New Pembroke 2 .
navigate to the Soban always avoiding the Champlin Hall .
navigate to the Meeting Street Cafe always avoiding the CVS .
navigate to the Andreas always avoiding the Sidney Frank Hall .
avoid the Berk's;Shanghai and go to the New Pembroke 4 .
avoid the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building and go to the Alumnae Hall .
avoid the Verney-Woolley Hall and go to the 111 Brown Street North House .
avoid the Metcalf Hall and go to the Thayer and Meeting .
avoid the Thayer and Cushing and go to the Soban .
avoid the East Side Station Post Office and go to the Sharpe House .
avoid the 219 Bowen and go to the Andrews Terrace .
avoid the Avon Cinema and go to the 111 Brown Street North House .
avoid the Biomedical Center and go to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
avoid the Smith Buonanno Hall and go to the Berk's;Shanghai .
avoid the Soban and go to the Metcalf Hall .
avoid the Metcalf Hall and go to the Blue State Coffee .
go to the Smith Buonanno Hall without going to the West House .
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall without going to the CVS .
go to the CVS without going to the J. R. Workman Garden .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall without going to the 111 Brown Street North House .
go to the Hillel House without going to the Brown University Bookstore .
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall without going to the Thayer and Meeting .
go to the Champlin Hall without going to the Andreas .
go to the Andreas without going to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to the New Pembroke 2 without going to the Facing Thayer .
go to the Pembroke Hall without going to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the Granoff Center without going to the Thayer and Meeting .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall without going to the Brown University Bookstore .
go to the Second Time Around and avoid the 111 Brown Street North House .
go to the Morriss Hall and avoid the Brown University Bookstore .
go to the Emery Hall and avoid the Thayer and Meeting .
go to the New Pembroke 2 and avoid the Emery Hall .
go to the Andrews Terrace and avoid the Peter Green House .
go to the 219 Bowen and avoid the Thayer and Meeting .
go to the Hillel House and avoid the Salon Persia .
go to the College Hill Bookstore and avoid the Salon Persia .
go to the Soban and avoid the Pembroke Park .
go to the Pembroke Hall and avoid the 111 Brown Street North House .
go to the Morriss Hall while avoiding the Emery Hall
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall while avoiding the CVS
go to the 219 Bowen while avoiding the Alumnae Hall
go to the Avon Cinema while avoiding the New Pembroke 1
go to the 164 Angel while avoiding the Andrews Terrace
go to the Spiritus Fermenti while avoiding the Salon Persia
go to the Andrews Terrace while avoiding the Smith Buonanno Hall
go to the New Pembroke 1 while avoiding the Supercuts
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall while avoiding the Facing Thayer
go to the Facing Thayer while avoiding the Hillel House
go to the Brown University Bookstore while avoiding the Miller Hall
go to the Soban while avoiding the Facing Thayer
avoid the Hillel House and go to the Avon Cinema .
avoid the Andreas and go to the New Pembroke 2 .
avoid the Pembroke Hall and go to the Hillel House .
avoid the New Pembroke 4 and go to the Champlin Hall .
avoid the Andrews Terrace and go to the Champlin Hall .
avoid the Spiritus Fermenti and go to the Miller Hall .
avoid the College Hill Bookstore and go to the Thayer and Cushing .
avoid the New Pembroke 1 and go to the Pembroke Park .
avoid the Champlin Hall and go to the College Hill Bookstore .
avoid the Smith Buonanno Hall and go to the Salon Persia .
avoid the Miller Hall and go to the Meeting Street Cafe .
go up to Andrews Hall .
go up to Champlin Hall .
go up to Hillel House .
go up to Champlin Hall .
go up to J. R. Workman Garden .
go up to Metcalf Hall .
always avoid the Andrews Hall and navigate to the CVS .
always avoid the Smith Buonanno Hall and navigate to the Pembroke Hall .
always avoid the CVS and navigate to the Pembroke Park .
always avoid the Emery Hall and navigate to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
always avoid the Sharpe House and navigate to the Sidney Frank Hall .
always avoid the J. R. Workman Garden and navigate to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
always avoid the Sidney Frank Hall and navigate to the Miller Hall .
always avoid the Facing Thayer and navigate to the Supercuts .
always avoid the Miller Hall and navigate to the Peter Green House .
always avoid the Spiritus Fermenti and navigate to the 219 Bowen .
avoid the Hillel House
avoid the Smith Buonanno Hall
avoid the Verney-Woolley Hall
avoid the Sidney Frank Hall
avoid the Smith Buonanno Hall
avoid the Salon Persia
go to the Peter Green House whilst avoiding the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the Emery Hall whilst avoiding the Meeting Street Cafe .
go to the Supercuts whilst avoiding the Blue State Coffee .
go to the Thayer and Meeting whilst avoiding the Brown University Bookstore .
go to the 164 Angel whilst avoiding the Andrews Hall .
go to the Second Time Around whilst avoiding the Brown University Bookstore .
go to the Thayer and Meeting whilst avoiding the Supercuts .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall whilst avoiding the New Pembroke 3 .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall whilst avoiding the Hillel House .
move to the Smith Buonanno Hall without entering the New Pembroke 4 .
move to the West House without entering the Emery Hall .
move to the 219 Bowen without entering the Miller Hall .
move to the Peter Green House without entering the Metcalf Hall .
move to the CVS without entering the Miller Hall .
move to the Biomedical Center without entering the CVS .
move to the Soban without entering the Sidney Frank Hall .
move to the Pembroke Hall without entering the CVS .
go to the Smith Buonanno Hall always avoiding the New Pembroke 3 .
go to the Avon Cinema always avoiding the Salon Persia .
go to the Supercuts always avoiding the West House .
go to the Soban always avoiding the Miller Hall .
go to the J. R. Workman Garden always avoiding the Pleasant Surprises .
go to the CVS always avoiding the 219 Bowen .
go to the Metcalf Hall always avoiding the Sharpe House .
go to the Metcalf Hall always avoiding the West House .
go to the 111 Brown Street North House always avoiding the Salon Persia .
go to the West House always avoiding the Salon Persia .
go to the East Side Station Post Office always avoiding the Metcalf Hall .
go to the New Pembroke 2 always avoiding the West House .
go to the College Hill Bookstore but never go to the 219 Bowen .
go to the Thayer and Cushing but never go to the Andrews Hall .
go to the Emery & Wooley but never go to the New Pembroke 4 .
go to the Facing Thayer but never go to the 219 Bowen .
go to the 111 Brown Street North House but never go to the Andrews Terrace .
go to the Blue State Coffee but never go to the Facing Thayer .
go to the Blue State Coffee but never go to the Meeting Street Cafe .
go to the Avon Cinema but never go to the Thayer and Meeting .
go to the Biomedical Center but never go to the Facing Thayer .
go to the New Pembroke 4 but never go to the Miller Hall .
avoid the 164 Angel and go to the Facing Thayer .
avoid the 164 Angel and go to the New Pembroke 1 .
avoid the Andrews Hall and go to the West House .
avoid the 164 Angel and go to the New Pembroke 3 .
avoid the Blue State Coffee and go to the Avon Cinema .
avoid the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building and go to the Blue State Coffee .
avoid the Verney-Woolley Hall and go to the 164 Angel .
avoid the West House and go to the Avon Cinema .
avoid the College Hill Bookstore and go to the Sharpe House .
avoid the Brown University Bookstore and go to the New Pembroke 2 .
avoid the Sidney Frank Hall and go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
avoid the Blue State Coffee and go to the New Pembroke 3 .
avoid the Berk's;Shanghai and go to the Andrews Hall .
avoid the Spiritus Fermenti and go to the Metcalf Hall .
avoid the New Pembroke 3 and go to the Peter Green House .
always avoid the Andrews Hall while navigating to the Berk's;Shanghai .
always avoid the Supercuts while navigating to the New Pembroke 1 .
always avoid the Verney-Woolley Hall while navigating to the 111 Brown Street North House .
always avoid the Emery Hall while navigating to the Sharpe House .
always avoid the New Pembroke 3 while navigating to the Berk's;Shanghai .
always avoid the 111 Brown Street North House while navigating to the Thayer and Cushing .
always avoid the Andreas while navigating to the Salon Persia .
always avoid the Granoff Center while navigating to the College Hill Bookstore .
always avoid the Granoff Center while navigating to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to the Sharpe House then go to Supercuts
go to the Pleasant Surprises then go to Soban
go to the Granoff Center then go to Brown University Bookstore
go to the Avon Cinema then go to Pleasant Surprises
go to the Berk's;Shanghai then go to Pleasant Surprises
go to the Facing Thayer then go to Alumnae Hall
go to the College Hill Bookstore then go to Emery Hall
move toward the Facing Thayer .
move toward the East Side Station Post Office .
move toward the Brown University Bookstore .
move toward the Berk's;Shanghai .
move toward the Peter Green House .
move toward the Meeting Street Cafe .
move toward the Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to the Meeting Street Cafe while avoiding the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building
go to the J. R. Workman Garden while avoiding the East Side Station Post Office
go to the Berk's;Shanghai while avoiding the Soban
go to the Andrews Terrace while avoiding the Brown University Bookstore
go to the Andreas while avoiding the Pleasant Surprises
go to the Emery Hall while avoiding the Miller Hall
go to the Meeting Street Cafe while avoiding the Verney-Woolley Hall
go to the CVS while avoiding the Brown University Bookstore
go to the College Hill Bookstore while avoiding the Pembroke Park
go to the Pembroke Park while always avoiding the Supercuts .
go to the Pleasant Surprises while always avoiding the West House .
go to the College Hill Bookstore while always avoiding the Alumnae Hall .
go to the New Pembroke 4 while always avoiding the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to the Sharpe House while always avoiding the Andrews Terrace .
go to the Champlin Hall while always avoiding the Soban .
go to the Soban while always avoiding the 111 Brown Street North House .
go to the Peter Green House while always avoiding the Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to the Spiritus Fermenti while always avoiding the Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to the New Pembroke 2 while always avoiding the Brown University Bookstore .
go to the Emery & Wooley while always avoiding the Facing Thayer .
go to the Pembroke Park while avoiding the Supercuts .
go to the Andreas while avoiding the Supercuts .
go to the Peter Green House while avoiding the Alumnae Hall .
go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building while avoiding the Miller Hall .
go to the Salon Persia while avoiding the Berk's;Shanghai .
go to the Biomedical Center while avoiding the Brown University Bookstore .
go to the Facing Thayer while avoiding the Pleasant Surprises .
go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building while avoiding the Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to the Emery Hall while avoiding the Avon Cinema .
go to the East Side Station Post Office while avoiding the Soban .
go to the Second Time Around while avoiding the Berk's;Shanghai .
avoid the New Pembroke 3 and go to the New Pembroke 1 .
avoid the Andrews Hall and go to the Sidney Frank Hall .
avoid the Berk's;Shanghai and go to the Andrews Hall .
avoid the Alumnae Hall and go to the 111 Brown Street North House .
avoid the Biomedical Center and go to the Sidney Frank Hall .
avoid the J. R. Workman Garden and go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
avoid the Hillel House and go to the Alumnae Hall .
avoid the Avon Cinema and go to the Supercuts .
go to the Alumnae Hall while always avoiding the New Pembroke 1
go to the Soban while always avoiding the Andrews Hall
go to the J. R. Workman Garden while always avoiding the Berk's;Shanghai
go to the Metcalf Hall while always avoiding the East Side Station Post Office
go to the Granoff Center while always avoiding the Sharpe House
go to the Facing Thayer while always avoiding the 219 Bowen
go to the Emery & Wooley while always avoiding the New Pembroke 2
go to the Andreas while always avoiding the Emery Hall
avoid the 219 Bowen as you go to the Blue State Coffee .
avoid the Thayer and Meeting as you go to the New Pembroke 2 .
avoid the Miller Hall as you go to the Emery & Wooley .
avoid the Smith Buonanno Hall as you go to the Champlin Hall .
avoid the Hillel House as you go to the Sharpe House .
avoid the West House as you go to the Brown University Bookstore .
always avoid the Champlin Hall , go to the Berk's;Shanghai .
always avoid the Verney-Woolley Hall , go to the West House .
always avoid the College Hill Bookstore , go to the Sharpe House .
always avoid the Sidney Frank Hall , go to the Andrews Terrace .
always avoid the Pembroke Hall , go to the Pembroke Park .
always avoid the New Pembroke 4 , go to the Emery & Wooley .
always avoid the Pembroke Hall , go to the Salon Persia .
always avoid the J. R. Workman Garden , go to the East Side Station Post Office .
always avoid the Andreas , go to the Blue State Coffee .
always avoid the Thayer and Meeting , go to the Brown University Bookstore .
always avoid the Peter Green House , go to the West House .
always avoid the Spiritus Fermenti , go to the New Pembroke 2 .
go to the Avon Cinema but avoid the Granoff Center .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall but avoid the Thayer and Cushing .
go to the Spiritus Fermenti but avoid the J. R. Workman Garden .
go to the Granoff Center but avoid the Pembroke Hall .
go to the Peter Green House but avoid the Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to the New Pembroke 1 but avoid the Pembroke Park .
approach the Andrews Hall while avoiding the New Pembroke 1 .
approach the New Pembroke 4 while avoiding the West House .
approach the Pembroke Hall while avoiding the Soban .
approach the Andrews Terrace while avoiding the Salon Persia .
approach the Brown University Bookstore while avoiding the Sidney Frank Hall .
approach the Andrews Terrace while avoiding the Pembroke Hall .
approach the Thayer and Cushing while avoiding the Spiritus Fermenti .
approach the Metcalf Hall while avoiding the Sidney Frank Hall .
approach the Alumnae Hall while avoiding the Thayer and Meeting .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall without going to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to the 219 Bowen without going to the Salon Persia .
go to the Salon Persia without going to the Pembroke Park .
go to the Spiritus Fermenti without going to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to the Champlin Hall without going to the College Hill Bookstore .
go to the Soban without going to the Salon Persia .
go to the 111 Brown Street North House without going to the New Pembroke 1 .
go to the New Pembroke 3 without going to the West House .
go to the Facing Thayer without going to the 111 Brown Street North House .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall without going to the East Side Station Post Office .
go to the Avon Cinema without going to the Emery & Wooley .
go to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building without going into the Second Time Around
go to New Pembroke 4 without going into the CVS
go to Soban without going into the J. R. Workman Garden
go to Salon Persia without going into the Supercuts
go to Spiritus Fermenti without going into the New Pembroke 1
go to Spiritus Fermenti without going into the Salon Persia
go to 111 Brown Street North House without going into the Sharpe House
avoid West House and go to the Thayer and Cushing .
avoid Verney-Woolley Hall and go to the Soban .
avoid Soban and go to the West House .
avoid Spiritus Fermenti and go to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
avoid Smith Buonanno Hall and go to the West House .
always avoid Smith Buonanno Hall and navigate to the 111 Brown Street North House .
always avoid Sidney Frank Hall and navigate to the 164 Angel .
always avoid West House and navigate to the Champlin Hall .
always avoid Peter Green House and navigate to the New Pembroke 3 .
always avoid Sharpe House and navigate to the Miller Hall .
always avoid Pembroke Park and navigate to the Sharpe House .
navigate to the Pembroke Hall avoiding West House .
navigate to the Pembroke Park avoiding Pembroke Hall .
navigate to the Smith Buonanno Hall avoiding Verney-Woolley Hall .
navigate to the Emery Hall avoiding West House .
navigate to the Biomedical Center avoiding Pleasant Surprises .
navigate to the New Pembroke 3 avoiding Pembroke Park .
navigate to the Smith Buonanno Hall avoiding Andrews Hall .
head to the Facing Thayer avoiding Peter Green House .
head to the Miller Hall avoiding Sharpe House .
head to the Thayer and Cushing avoiding New Pembroke 3 .
head to the Andreas avoiding Granoff Center .
head to the Sharpe House avoiding West House .
head to the Salon Persia avoiding Avon Cinema .
head to the Supercuts avoiding New Pembroke 3 .
head to the Spiritus Fermenti avoiding West House .
head to the New Pembroke 3 avoiding Miller Hall .
head to the Verney-Woolley Hall avoiding Blue State Coffee .
avoid Berk's;Shanghai and go to the Alumnae Hall .
avoid Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building and go to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
avoid CVS and go to the Emery & Wooley .
avoid Miller Hall and go to the Granoff Center .
avoid College Hill Bookstore and go to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall but avoid Biomedical Center .
go to the Andrews Hall but avoid Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the 164 Angel but avoid Berk's;Shanghai .
go to the Blue State Coffee but avoid Andreas .
go to the New Pembroke 4 but avoid CVS .
go to the Thayer and Meeting but avoid Salon Persia .
go to the Hillel House but avoid Emery Hall .
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall but avoid Granoff Center .
go to the Emery Hall but avoid Thayer and Cushing .
go to the Andreas but avoid 164 Angel .
go to the Peter Green House but avoid Emery Hall .
go to the Andrews Terrace but avoid New Pembroke 3 .
always avoid CVS and go to the Pembroke Hall .
always avoid Second Time Around and go to the Brown University Bookstore .
always avoid Sidney Frank Hall and go to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
always avoid Blue State Coffee and go to the Hillel House .
always avoid CVS and go to the Biomedical Center .
always avoid College Hill Bookstore and go to the Champlin Hall .
always avoid Salon Persia and go to the Peter Green House .
always avoid Champlin Hall and go to the Sharpe House .
always avoid Champlin Hall and go to the New Pembroke 1 .
always avoid Champlin Hall and go to the Supercuts .
go to the Second Time Around avoiding Sharpe House .
go to the Blue State Coffee avoiding 111 Brown Street North House .
go to the Soban avoiding Second Time Around .
go to the New Pembroke 3 avoiding Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to the 219 Bowen avoiding New Pembroke 2 .
go to the Pleasant Surprises avoiding Brown University Bookstore .
go to the 164 Angel avoiding Emery Hall .
go to the Second Time Around avoiding Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to the Pembroke Park avoiding Alumnae Hall .
go to the Thayer and Meeting avoiding Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the Peter Green House avoiding East Side Station Post Office .
navigate to the Sidney Frank Hall , avoiding 111 Brown Street North House .
navigate to the Berk's;Shanghai , avoiding J. R. Workman Garden .
navigate to the Andrews Hall , avoiding Andreas .
navigate to the Sidney Frank Hall , avoiding Blue State Coffee .
navigate to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building , avoiding Morriss Hall .
navigate to the Emery Hall and avoid Granoff Center .
navigate to the CVS and avoid Meeting Street Cafe .
navigate to the 164 Angel and avoid Andrews Terrace .
navigate to the East Side Station Post Office and avoid New Pembroke 2 .
navigate to the Pembroke Hall and avoid Miller Hall .
navigate to the New Pembroke 3 and avoid Meeting Street Cafe .
navigate to the West House and avoid Alumnae Hall .
navigate to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building and avoid Alumnae Hall .
navigate to the 164 Angel and avoid Andrews Terrace .
navigate to the 111 Brown Street North House and avoid Andrews Terrace .
navigate to the Facing Thayer and avoid Thayer and Cushing .
navigate to the College Hill Bookstore and avoid Avon Cinema .
go to the New Pembroke 4 while avoiding Peter Green House
go to the Sidney Frank Hall while avoiding Emery & Wooley
go to the West House while avoiding Morriss Hall
go to the Sidney Frank Hall while avoiding Spiritus Fermenti
go to the College Hill Bookstore while avoiding Biomedical Center
go to the New Pembroke 4 while avoiding Sidney Frank Hall
go to the Pembroke Park while avoiding 219 Bowen
go to the Sidney Frank Hall while avoiding Andreas
go to the Blue State Coffee while avoiding West House
navigate to the New Pembroke 1 but do n't ever go to Meeting Street Cafe .
navigate to the West House but do n't ever go to Sidney Frank Hall .
navigate to the Facing Thayer but do n't ever go to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
navigate to the Pleasant Surprises but do n't ever go to Berk's;Shanghai .
navigate to the Facing Thayer but do n't ever go to 111 Brown Street North House .
navigate to the Salon Persia but do n't ever go to New Pembroke 4 .
navigate to the Granoff Center but do n't ever go to Hillel House .
navigate to the Emery & Wooley but do n't ever go to Soban .
navigate to the Andreas but do n't ever go to Avon Cinema .
navigate to the Champlin Hall but do n't ever go to Andrews Hall .
avoid Berk's;Shanghai and go to the Avon Cinema .
avoid New Pembroke 1 and go to the West House .
avoid Meeting Street Cafe and go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
avoid Peter Green House and go to the J. R. Workman Garden .
avoid Supercuts and go to the Hillel House .
avoid Emery Hall and go to the Pembroke Park .
avoid Hillel House and go to the Sidney Frank Hall .
always avoid East Side Station Post Office and go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
always avoid Emery & Wooley and go to the Granoff Center .
always avoid 164 Angel and go to the Emery Hall .
always avoid Thayer and Meeting and go to the 111 Brown Street North House .
always avoid Thayer and Meeting and go to the West House .
always avoid Andrews Hall and go to the West House .
always avoid Andreas and go to the Biomedical Center .
go to the Biomedical Center but do not go to Sharpe House .
go to the Soban but do not go to New Pembroke 3 .
go to the Peter Green House but do not go to Metcalf Hall .
go to the Andrews Terrace but do not go to West House .
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall but do not go to New Pembroke 4 .
go to the Meeting Street Cafe but do not go to New Pembroke 3 .
go to the Peter Green House but do not go to 111 Brown Street North House .
go to the Andrews Hall but do not go to 219 Bowen .
go to the Andreas but do not go to Spiritus Fermenti .
go to the 164 Angel avoiding Pleasant Surprises .
go to the New Pembroke 4 avoiding Granoff Center .
go to the Alumnae Hall avoiding West House .
go to the Thayer and Meeting avoiding East Side Station Post Office .
go to the Facing Thayer avoiding Soban .
go to the Blue State Coffee avoiding New Pembroke 4 .
go to the West House avoiding Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall avoiding Thayer and Cushing .
navigate to the Second Time Around while avoiding West House .
navigate to the Salon Persia while avoiding Second Time Around .
navigate to the Granoff Center while avoiding New Pembroke 4 .
navigate to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building while avoiding Biomedical Center .
navigate to the Brown University Bookstore while avoiding Pleasant Surprises .
navigate to the Supercuts while avoiding Verney-Woolley Hall .
navigate to the 164 Angel while avoiding 111 Brown Street North House .
navigate to the West House while avoiding Biomedical Center .
avoid CVS and go to the Blue State Coffee .
avoid New Pembroke 3 and go to the Alumnae Hall .
avoid New Pembroke 4 and go to the Morriss Hall .
avoid Berk's;Shanghai and go to the Metcalf Hall .
avoid Andrews Hall and go to the 219 Bowen .
avoid Salon Persia and go to the Sidney Frank Hall .
avoid Brown University Bookstore and go to the East Side Station Post Office .
avoid Blue State Coffee and go to the Supercuts .
avoid Biomedical Center and go to the Metcalf Hall .
go to the Pleasant Surprises while avoiding New Pembroke 3 and the New Pembroke 3
go to the Berk's;Shanghai while avoiding Thayer and Cushing and the Thayer and Cushing
go to the Second Time Around while avoiding Verney-Woolley Hall and the Verney-Woolley Hall
go to the Hillel House while avoiding Emery Hall and the Emery Hall
go to the East Side Station Post Office while avoiding Sidney Frank Hall and the Sidney Frank Hall
go to the Hillel House while avoiding Champlin Hall and the Champlin Hall
go to the Emery Hall while avoiding Morriss Hall and the Morriss Hall
go to the Granoff Center while avoiding East Side Station Post Office and the East Side Station Post Office
go to the Pembroke Park while avoiding Second Time Around and the Second Time Around
go to the Sidney Frank Hall while avoiding Andreas and the Andreas
go to the College Hill Bookstore while avoiding CVS and the CVS
go to the New Pembroke 1 avoiding 164 Angel .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall avoiding J. R. Workman Garden .
go to the Miller Hall avoiding Salon Persia .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall avoiding Andreas .
go to the Emery Hall avoiding Champlin Hall .
go to the Emery & Wooley avoiding Miller Hall .
go to the Emery & Wooley and avoid 219 Bowen .
go to the College Hill Bookstore and avoid Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to the Pembroke Park and avoid Morriss Hall .
go to the New Pembroke 3 and avoid Metcalf Hall .
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall and avoid Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to the Biomedical Center and avoid Avon Cinema .
go to the Blue State Coffee and avoid 111 Brown Street North House .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall and avoid Salon Persia .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall and avoid College Hill Bookstore .
go to the Sharpe House and avoid Soban .
go to the Salon Persia and avoid Thayer and Meeting .
go to the Pembroke Hall and avoid Metcalf Hall .
go to the CVS while avoiding Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building
go to the Smith Buonanno Hall while avoiding Emery & Wooley
go to the Facing Thayer while avoiding Verney-Woolley Hall
go to the 111 Brown Street North House while avoiding Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building
go to the New Pembroke 4 while avoiding New Pembroke 2
go to the Peter Green House but avoid Soban .
go to the 219 Bowen but avoid East Side Station Post Office .
go to the Hillel House but avoid Avon Cinema .
go to the Sharpe House but avoid Salon Persia .
go to the Sharpe House but avoid Granoff Center .
go to the Metcalf Hall but avoid Peter Green House .
go to the Morriss Hall but avoid J. R. Workman Garden .
go to the Thayer and Cushing but avoid Alumnae Hall .
avoid the Thayer and Cushing and go to the Pembroke Hall .
avoid the Granoff Center and go to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
avoid the Verney-Woolley Hall and go to the Miller Hall .
avoid the Thayer and Cushing and go to the CVS .
avoid the Peter Green House and go to the Sharpe House .
avoid the Second Time Around and go to the Biomedical Center .
avoid the Sharpe House and go to the Soban .
avoid the Brown University Bookstore and go to the Facing Thayer .
avoid the 111 Brown Street North House and go to the Morriss Hall .
avoid the 164 Angel and go to the J. R. Workman Garden .
avoid the Supercuts and go to the Blue State Coffee .
go to the J. R. Workman Garden while avoiding CVS .
go to the Soban while avoiding Thayer and Meeting .
go to the New Pembroke 4 while avoiding Berk's;Shanghai .
go to the 111 Brown Street North House while avoiding Berk's;Shanghai .
go to the 164 Angel while avoiding Biomedical Center .
go to the Avon Cinema while avoiding Emery Hall .
go to the J. R. Workman Garden while avoiding Granoff Center .
go to the Emery & Wooley while avoiding New Pembroke 3 .
avoid Verney-Woolley Hall and go to the East Side Station Post Office .
avoid Avon Cinema and go to the Thayer and Cushing .
avoid Meeting Street Cafe and go to the West House .
avoid Smith Buonanno Hall and go to the New Pembroke 2 .
avoid Meeting Street Cafe and go to the West House .
from the New Pembroke 1 , go to West House directly .
from the Supercuts , go to Metcalf Hall directly .
from the Peter Green House , go to CVS directly .
from the 219 Bowen , go to Sidney Frank Hall directly .
from the West House , go to CVS directly .
from the Emery Hall , go to West House directly .
from the New Pembroke 4 , go to New Pembroke 3 directly .
from the Sidney Frank Hall , go to Brown University Bookstore directly .
go up to the Thayer and Meeting without going to Supercuts .
go up to the Peter Green House without going to CVS .
go up to the J. R. Workman Garden without going to Pembroke Hall .
go up to the J. R. Workman Garden without going to Verney-Woolley Hall .
go up to the Emery Hall without going to Andreas .
go up to the Granoff Center without going to Emery & Wooley .
go up to the West House without going to Granoff Center .
go up to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building without going to Blue State Coffee .
proceed to the New Pembroke 1 by going through the Spiritus Fermenti .
proceed to the Miller Hall by going through the Spiritus Fermenti .
proceed to the Sidney Frank Hall by going through the Salon Persia .
proceed to the Spiritus Fermenti by going through the Verney-Woolley Hall .
proceed to the Champlin Hall by going through the J. R. Workman Garden .
proceed to the Berk's;Shanghai by going through the Champlin Hall .
proceed to the Granoff Center by going through the Verney-Woolley Hall .
proceed to the New Pembroke 2 by going through the Biomedical Center .
proceed to the Second Time Around by going through the Pembroke Park .
proceed to the 164 Angel by going through the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the Blue State Coffee through the 219 Bowen
go to the Biomedical Center through the College Hill Bookstore
go to the New Pembroke 4 through the West House
go to the College Hill Bookstore through the Sidney Frank Hall
go to the New Pembroke 3 through the Facing Thayer
go to the CVS through the Avon Cinema
go to the Champlin Hall through the Thayer and Meeting
go to the Second Time Around through the Andrews Hall
go to the J. R. Workman Garden through the Emery Hall
go to the Emery Hall through the Berk's;Shanghai
go through the Sidney Frank Hall to the New Pembroke 3 .
go through the Meeting Street Cafe to the Thayer and Cushing .
go through the New Pembroke 2 to the Thayer and Meeting .
go through the Emery Hall to the CVS .
go through the Pembroke Park to the 164 Angel .
go through the Smith Buonanno Hall to the College Hill Bookstore .
go through the Hillel House to the Emery Hall .
go through the Pembroke Park to the Andrews Terrace .
go through the Champlin Hall to the West House .
go through the College Hill Bookstore to the Sharpe House .
go through the Verney-Woolley Hall to the 164 Angel .
go through the Miller Hall to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
move to the Andreas and then the 111 Brown Street North House .
move to the Morriss Hall and then the Berk's;Shanghai .
move to the Sidney Frank Hall and then the J. R. Workman Garden .
move to the West House and then the Granoff Center .
move to the Champlin Hall and then the Facing Thayer .
move to the Emery & Wooley and then the Smith Buonanno Hall .
move to the CVS and then the J. R. Workman Garden .
move to the Soban and then the Sidney Frank Hall .
move to the Alumnae Hall and then the Morriss Hall .
navigate to the Sidney Frank Hall through the College Hill Bookstore .
navigate to the Biomedical Center through the Sidney Frank Hall .
navigate to the Peter Green House through the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
navigate to the Biomedical Center through the Metcalf Hall .
navigate to the Alumnae Hall through the West House .
navigate to the Pleasant Surprises through the Sharpe House .
move to the New Pembroke 1 then continue to the Spiritus Fermenti .
move to the New Pembroke 3 then continue to the Alumnae Hall .
move to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building then continue to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
move to the Pleasant Surprises then continue to the Thayer and Meeting .
move to the Second Time Around then continue to the East Side Station Post Office .
move to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building then continue to the New Pembroke 2 .
move to the West House then continue to the Pembroke Park .
move to the Thayer and Meeting then continue to the CVS .
move to the Second Time Around then continue to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
move to the New Pembroke 4 then continue to the Emery & Wooley .
move to the Supercuts then continue to the New Pembroke 1 .
go to the Salon Persia through the Brown University Bookstore .
go to the Emery Hall through the New Pembroke 4 .
go to the New Pembroke 2 through the Emery Hall .
go to the Champlin Hall through the Granoff Center .
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall through the Pleasant Surprises .
go to the Morriss Hall through the Champlin Hall .
go to the New Pembroke 1 through the West House .
go to the Andreas through the Thayer and Meeting .
go to the West House through the Thayer and Cushing .
go to the Spiritus Fermenti through the Champlin Hall .
go to the New Pembroke 2 through the Emery & Wooley .
go to Blue State Coffee and then to Emery Hall
go to Soban and then to Supercuts
go to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building and then to Andrews Hall
go to Biomedical Center and then to Smith Buonanno Hall
go to Verney-Woolley Hall and then to Meeting Street Cafe
go to Berk's;Shanghai and then to Peter Green House
go to Sidney Frank Hall and then to Thayer and Cushing
go to J. R. Workman Garden and then to 219 Bowen
go to Morriss Hall and then to CVS
go to the Alumnae Hall , then go to the New Pembroke 2 .
go to the West House , then go to the Berk's;Shanghai .
go to the Morriss Hall , then go to the Granoff Center .
go to the CVS , then go to the Thayer and Cushing .
go to the Andrews Terrace , then go to the Second Time Around .
go from the Biomedical Center to the Andrews Terrace
go from the Hillel House to the New Pembroke 1
go from the Spiritus Fermenti to the New Pembroke 1
go from the West House to the Pembroke Hall
go from the College Hill Bookstore to the Smith Buonanno Hall
go from the Meeting Street Cafe to the New Pembroke 1
go from the J. R. Workman Garden to the Hillel House
go from the Champlin Hall to the New Pembroke 1
go to the West House by touching the Salon Persia .
go to the Miller Hall by touching the Sharpe House .
go to the West House by touching the Brown University Bookstore .
go to the 111 Brown Street North House by touching the Morriss Hall .
go to the Facing Thayer by touching the Sharpe House .
go to the 164 Angel by touching the Pleasant Surprises .
go to the Alumnae Hall by touching the Peter Green House .
go to the New Pembroke 2 by touching the Champlin Hall .
go to the West House by touching the New Pembroke 3 .
go to the Alumnae Hall by touching the Meeting Street Cafe .
go to the 164 Angel through the Supercuts .
go to the Metcalf Hall through the Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to the Pembroke Hall through the Peter Green House .
go to the New Pembroke 1 through the CVS .
go to the Peter Green House through the West House .
go to the Meeting Street Cafe through the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to the Soban through the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the Alumnae Hall through the Berk's;Shanghai .
first navigate to the CVS , then make your way to the 164 Angel .
first navigate to the Hillel House , then make your way to the 111 Brown Street North House .
first navigate to the 111 Brown Street North House , then make your way to the Meeting Street Cafe .
first navigate to the New Pembroke 3 , then make your way to the East Side Station Post Office .
first navigate to the Sharpe House , then make your way to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
head to the Berk's;Shanghai , but make sure to go through the Miller Hall first .
head to the West House , but make sure to go through the Sidney Frank Hall first .
head to the 111 Brown Street North House , but make sure to go through the Hillel House first .
head to the East Side Station Post Office , but make sure to go through the Verney-Woolley Hall first .
head to the Salon Persia , but make sure to go through the Pembroke Hall first .
head to the Soban , but make sure to go through the Andrews Hall first .
go through the Emery Hall before going to the Spiritus Fermenti .
go through the Salon Persia before going to the Avon Cinema .
go through the Second Time Around before going to the Granoff Center .
go through the New Pembroke 4 before going to the CVS .
go through the Andrews Terrace before going to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go through the Sidney Frank Hall before going to the Soban .
go through the Berk's;Shanghai before going to the Metcalf Hall .
go to the Thayer and Meeting through the Avon Cinema .
go to the Meeting Street Cafe through the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to the Pleasant Surprises through the Supercuts .
go to the Andrews Terrace through the Andrews Hall .
go to the Thayer and Meeting through the Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to the Berk's;Shanghai through the West House .
go to the Brown University Bookstore through the College Hill Bookstore .
go to the Supercuts through the Brown University Bookstore .
go to the Hillel House through the Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to the East Side Station Post Office through the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall through the Thayer and Cushing
go to the Supercuts through the New Pembroke 1
go to the Granoff Center through the Pleasant Surprises
go to the Facing Thayer through the Blue State Coffee
go to the Berk's;Shanghai through the Morriss Hall
go to the Emery Hall through the Alumnae Hall
go to the CVS through the Alumnae Hall
go to the College Hill Bookstore through the Sidney Frank Hall
go to the Sidney Frank Hall through the Miller Hall
go to the New Pembroke 4 through the Metcalf Hall
go to the 219 Bowen through the Champlin Hall
go to the 219 Bowen and then navigate to the Second Time Around .
go to the West House and then navigate to the Second Time Around .
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall and then navigate to the Hillel House .
go to the Andrews Terrace and then navigate to the West House .
go to the Miller Hall and then navigate to the New Pembroke 4 .
go to the Miller Hall and then navigate to the 219 Bowen .
go to the Thayer and Meeting and then navigate to the Emery Hall .
go to the Miller Hall and then navigate to the Salon Persia .
travel through the Meeting Street Cafe then go to the Andreas .
travel through the Morriss Hall then go to the Brown University Bookstore .
travel through the East Side Station Post Office then go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
travel through the 219 Bowen then go to the Sharpe House .
travel through the New Pembroke 4 then go to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
travel through the Spiritus Fermenti then go to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
travel through the Andrews Hall then go to the Pleasant Surprises .
travel through the Meeting Street Cafe then go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
travel through the Spiritus Fermenti then go to the Biomedical Center .
travel through the Granoff Center then go to the Metcalf Hall .
travel through the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building then go to the Meeting Street Cafe .
travel through the Granoff Center then go to the West House .
go to the Berk's;Shanghai by first going through the 219 Bowen .
go to the Metcalf Hall by first going through the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to the Supercuts by first going through the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the Soban by first going through the 111 Brown Street North House .
go to the Soban by first going through the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the Biomedical Center by first going through the 219 Bowen .
go to the J. R. Workman Garden through the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the 111 Brown Street North House through the Pembroke Park .
go to the Biomedical Center through the New Pembroke 3 .
go to the Biomedical Center through the Metcalf Hall .
go to the Blue State Coffee through the Pembroke Hall .
go to the West House through the Brown University Bookstore .
go to the Salon Persia through the Second Time Around .
go to the Facing Thayer through the Morriss Hall .
go to the Metcalf Hall through the Andrews Terrace .
go to the Miller Hall through the Pembroke Hall .
always go through the 111 Brown Street North House to get to the Andrews Terrace .
always go through the Andrews Terrace to get to the Metcalf Hall .
always go through the Pleasant Surprises to get to the Emery Hall .
always go through the Supercuts to get to the Meeting Street Cafe .
always go through the Blue State Coffee to get to the Brown University Bookstore .
go to the 111 Brown Street North House before going to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to the Avon Cinema before going to the Morriss Hall .
go to the 111 Brown Street North House before going to the West House .
go to the 164 Angel before going to the Peter Green House .
go to the Champlin Hall before going to the Miller Hall .
go to the CVS before going to the West House .
go to College Hill Bookstore and then to Thayer and Cushing
go to Granoff Center and then to Pembroke Hall
go to Berk's;Shanghai and then to College Hill Bookstore
go to Granoff Center and then to 164 Angel
go to Verney-Woolley Hall and then to Hillel House
go to Verney-Woolley Hall and then to Andrews Terrace
go to Sidney Frank Hall and then to 164 Angel
go to New Pembroke 3 and then to Sidney Frank Hall
go to J. R. Workman Garden and then to Sidney Frank Hall
go to the Miller Hall through the Granoff Center
go to the Brown University Bookstore through the Pembroke Hall
go to the Morriss Hall through the Supercuts
go to the Second Time Around through the Thayer and Cushing
go to the Peter Green House through the 164 Angel
go to the Sharpe House and then go to the West House .
go to the Emery & Wooley and then go to the Brown University Bookstore .
go to the West House and then go to the New Pembroke 2 .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall and then go to the Soban .
go to the Salon Persia and then go to the Pleasant Surprises .
go to the 164 Angel and then go to the Pleasant Surprises .
go to the Thayer and Cushing and then go to the Meeting Street Cafe .
go to the Biomedical Center and then go to the Emery & Wooley .
go to the New Pembroke 1 and then go to the Granoff Center .
go through the Blue State Coffee before going to the Miller Hall .
go through the Verney-Woolley Hall before going to the Soban .
go through the Biomedical Center before going to the Pembroke Park .
go through the Facing Thayer before going to the New Pembroke 2 .
go through the Spiritus Fermenti before going to the West House .
go to the East Side Station Post Office through the Avon Cinema .
go to the New Pembroke 3 through the CVS .
go to the East Side Station Post Office through the Alumnae Hall .
go to the Emery Hall through the Granoff Center .
go to the New Pembroke 3 through the Biomedical Center .
go to the Spiritus Fermenti through the Brown University Bookstore .
go to the Emery Hall through the Peter Green House .
go to the Meeting Street Cafe through the Brown University Bookstore .
go to the Granoff Center through the Alumnae Hall .
go to the Granoff Center through the Spiritus Fermenti .
navigate to the Thayer and Meeting through the Biomedical Center .
navigate to the East Side Station Post Office through the J. R. Workman Garden .
navigate to the West House through the Granoff Center .
navigate to the Alumnae Hall through the Brown University Bookstore .
navigate to the Sidney Frank Hall through the Emery Hall .
navigate to the Andrews Terrace through the Morriss Hall .
navigate to the J. R. Workman Garden through the Hillel House .
navigate to the Andrews Terrace through the Biomedical Center .
navigate to the Peter Green House through the West House .
navigate to the West House through the Sidney Frank Hall .
navigate to the New Pembroke 3 through the Blue State Coffee .
navigate to the West House through the Andrews Terrace .
go through the West House first , then go to the 219 Bowen .
go through the Pembroke Hall first , then go to the Second Time Around .
go through the West House first , then go to the Andrews Terrace .
go through the Brown University Bookstore first , then go to the Emery & Wooley .
go through the J. R. Workman Garden first , then go to the CVS .
go through the Thayer and Cushing first , then go to the New Pembroke 4 .
go through the Pleasant Surprises first , then go to the Meeting Street Cafe .
go through the Facing Thayer first , then go to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
go through the Morriss Hall to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
go through the Supercuts to the Avon Cinema .
go through the Avon Cinema to the Andrews Terrace .
go through the Peter Green House to the Pembroke Hall .
go through the Avon Cinema to the Champlin Hall .
go through the Andreas to the Hillel House .
go through the Emery Hall to the New Pembroke 2 .
go through the Pembroke Hall to the Thayer and Cushing .
go through the J. R. Workman Garden to the Brown University Bookstore .
go through the Alumnae Hall to the 164 Angel .
go through the West House to the Second Time Around .
go through the Andrews Terrace to the Second Time Around .
go through the Andrews Hall to the Morriss Hall .
go through the Andreas to the CVS .
go through the Spiritus Fermenti to the 111 Brown Street North House .
go through the 164 Angel to the Brown University Bookstore .
go through the Thayer and Cushing to the Pembroke Hall .
go through the Hillel House to the Pembroke Hall .
go through the Andreas to the West House .
go through the College Hill Bookstore to the Alumnae Hall .
go through the Granoff Center to the Emery & Wooley .
go through the East Side Station Post Office to the 219 Bowen .
go through the Sharpe House to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go through the Berk's;Shanghai to the J. R. Workman Garden .
go through the Salon Persia to the J. R. Workman Garden .
go through the New Pembroke 1 to the Brown University Bookstore .
go through the Pleasant Surprises to the Metcalf Hall .
go through the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building to the Salon Persia .
always navigate to Sidney Frank Hall and then proceed to 111 Brown Street North House .
always navigate to Berk's;Shanghai and then proceed to Sharpe House .
always navigate to Avon Cinema and then proceed to Alumnae Hall .
always navigate to Emery & Wooley and then proceed to Verney-Woolley Hall .
always navigate to Sharpe House and then proceed to Andreas .
always navigate to Pleasant Surprises and then proceed to Alumnae Hall .
always navigate to Morriss Hall and then proceed to Miller Hall .
always navigate to Sharpe House and then proceed to New Pembroke 3 .
always navigate to Spiritus Fermenti and then proceed to Berk's;Shanghai .
always navigate to Soban and then proceed to West House .
always navigate to Pembroke Hall and then proceed to West House .
always navigate to Blue State Coffee and then proceed to CVS .
head to the Emery Hall and then head to the Sharpe House .
head to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building and then head to the New Pembroke 1 .
head to the Meeting Street Cafe and then head to the Emery & Wooley .
head to the Thayer and Cushing and then head to the Pleasant Surprises .
head to the Peter Green House and then head to the Pleasant Surprises .
head to the Sharpe House and then head to the Miller Hall .
head to the Supercuts and then head to the Alumnae Hall .
head to the Emery Hall and then head to the 219 Bowen .
head to the Pembroke Hall and then head to the Sharpe House .
head to the Avon Cinema and then head to the New Pembroke 3 .
head to the Salon Persia and then head to the 164 Angel .
head to the J. R. Workman Garden and then head to the Second Time Around .
go through the Pembroke Park before going to the Andreas .
go through the Berk's;Shanghai before going to the Andrews Terrace .
go through the Verney-Woolley Hall before going to the Morriss Hall .
go through the Metcalf Hall before going to the College Hill Bookstore .
go through the New Pembroke 1 before going to the Meeting Street Cafe .
go through the Pembroke Hall before going to the Avon Cinema .
go through the Hillel House before going to the Metcalf Hall .
go through the Emery & Wooley before going to the Alumnae Hall .
visit the Smith Buonanno Hall and then move to the Emery & Wooley .
visit the West House and then move to the Thayer and Meeting .
visit the 219 Bowen and then move to the Sidney Frank Hall .
visit the Pleasant Surprises and then move to the Alumnae Hall .
visit the Peter Green House and then move to the Hillel House .
visit the Supercuts and then move to the Metcalf Hall .
visit the New Pembroke 4 and then move to the Emery & Wooley .
visit the New Pembroke 1 and then move to the Avon Cinema .
go through the 219 Bowen and navigate to the Second Time Around .
go through the Sharpe House and navigate to the Meeting Street Cafe .
go through the J. R. Workman Garden and navigate to the Thayer and Meeting .
go through the Berk's;Shanghai and navigate to the J. R. Workman Garden .
go through the Granoff Center and navigate to the Andrews Hall .
go through the Pembroke Park and navigate to the Berk's;Shanghai .
go through the Champlin Hall and navigate to the Soban .
go through the Blue State Coffee and navigate to the Hillel House .
go through the Thayer and Cushing and navigate to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to the Emery & Wooley and go down to the Peter Green House .
go to the Champlin Hall and go down to the College Hill Bookstore .
go to the Andreas and go down to the Meeting Street Cafe .
go to the Biomedical Center and go down to the Emery Hall .
go to the Miller Hall and go down to the West House .
go to the J. R. Workman Garden through the Meeting Street Cafe .
go to the New Pembroke 4 through the Hillel House .
go to the Andreas through the Supercuts .
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall through the West House .
go to the Peter Green House through the CVS .
go to the New Pembroke 3 through the Pembroke Park .
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall through the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the Smith Buonanno Hall through the Brown University Bookstore .
go to the Andreas through the Salon Persia .
go to the Pleasant Surprises through the Hillel House .
go to the Avon Cinema through the Pembroke Park .
go to the Smith Buonanno Hall through the Second Time Around .
go to the New Pembroke 2 through the Morriss Hall .
go to the New Pembroke 3 through the West House .
go to the Brown University Bookstore through the Emery Hall .
go to the 111 Brown Street North House through the Thayer and Meeting .
go to the New Pembroke 1 through the New Pembroke 3 .
go to the 111 Brown Street North House through the 164 Angel .
go to the West House through the J. R. Workman Garden .
go to the Thayer and Cushing through the 219 Bowen .
go to the Second Time Around through the Miller Hall .
go to the Supercuts through the 219 Bowen .
go to the Emery & Wooley through the Peter Green House .
go through the Pleasant Surprises then to the Berk's;Shanghai .
go through the Facing Thayer then to the Pembroke Hall .
go through the New Pembroke 4 then to the 111 Brown Street North House .
go through the 164 Angel then to the Alumnae Hall .
go through the West House then to the Pleasant Surprises .
go through the Sharpe House then to the Salon Persia .
go through the Blue State Coffee then to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go through the Brown University Bookstore then to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
go through the Pembroke Park then to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go through the Spiritus Fermenti then to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go through the Andrews Hall then to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go through the Miller Hall then to the Meeting Street Cafe .
navigate to the Miller Hall via the Peter Green House .
navigate to the Thayer and Cushing via the Biomedical Center .
navigate to the Pembroke Park via the Morriss Hall .
navigate to the Champlin Hall via the Thayer and Meeting .
navigate to the Peter Green House via the Pembroke Hall .
navigate to the Andreas via the Thayer and Meeting .
navigate to the Sharpe House via the CVS .
go to the Brown University Bookstore through the Granoff Center .
go to the Smith Buonanno Hall through the Spiritus Fermenti .
go to the West House through the Pembroke Park .
go to the CVS through the Supercuts .
go to the Granoff Center through the Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to the Champlin Hall through the West House .
go to the Morriss Hall through the New Pembroke 4 .
go to the West House through the Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to the CVS by first going through the East Side Station Post Office .
go to the Emery & Wooley by first going through the Thayer and Meeting .
go to the Brown University Bookstore by first going through the Salon Persia .
go to the Emery Hall by first going through the Supercuts .
go to the Andrews Terrace by first going through the Thayer and Meeting .
go to the Andrews Hall by first going through the Blue State Coffee .
go to the Facing Thayer by first going through the New Pembroke 1 .
go to the 111 Brown Street North House by first going through the CVS .
go to the Thayer and Meeting by first going through the 164 Angel .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall by first going through the Second Time Around .
go to the Andrews Hall by first going through the Alumnae Hall .
pass through the Salon Persia before going to the Spiritus Fermenti .
pass through the Andrews Hall before going to the Miller Hall .
pass through the New Pembroke 3 before going to the Alumnae Hall .
pass through the Andrews Terrace before going to the Facing Thayer .
pass through the West House before going to the Spiritus Fermenti .
pass through the Morriss Hall before going to the Pembroke Hall .
move to the Metcalf Hall , travelling through the Granoff Center .
move to the Sharpe House , travelling through the J. R. Workman Garden .
move to the Andreas , travelling through the Avon Cinema .
move to the East Side Station Post Office , travelling through the CVS .
move to the New Pembroke 3 , travelling through the Andrews Terrace .
move towards Blue State Coffee and then to Facing Thayer .
move towards Hillel House and then to Blue State Coffee .
move towards Andrews Hall and then to Brown University Bookstore .
move towards Andreas and then to New Pembroke 1 .
move towards Spiritus Fermenti and then to 164 Angel .
go to the College Hill Bookstore through the 111 Brown Street North House .
go to the 164 Angel through the Thayer and Cushing .
go to the Facing Thayer through the Thayer and Meeting .
go to the Pembroke Park through the West House .
go to the Smith Buonanno Hall through the New Pembroke 3 .
go to the Biomedical Center through the Thayer and Cushing .
go to the Alumnae Hall through the New Pembroke 4 .
go to the Andrews Hall through the Blue State Coffee .
go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building through the Thayer and Meeting .
go to the Biomedical Center through the New Pembroke 3 .
go to the Blue State Coffee through the Andrews Hall .
move to the Andreas by going through the New Pembroke 3
move to the 164 Angel by going through the Facing Thayer
move to the Thayer and Cushing by going through the College Hill Bookstore
move to the Blue State Coffee by going through the West House
move to the New Pembroke 1 by going through the Granoff Center
move to the 219 Bowen by going through the Emery & Wooley
move to the East Side Station Post Office by going through the Blue State Coffee
go to the Morriss Hall through the 111 Brown Street North House
go to the Andreas through the Emery & Wooley
go to the Spiritus Fermenti through the Andreas
go to the Pleasant Surprises through the Pembroke Hall
go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building through the Sharpe House
go to the West House through the Meeting Street Cafe
go to the Spiritus Fermenti through the Sharpe House
go to the Soban through the East Side Station Post Office
go to the Morriss Hall through the Metcalf Hall
go to the Biomedical Center through the Verney-Woolley Hall
go to the CVS through the Salon Persia
go to the Smith Buonanno Hall through the Thayer and Meeting .
go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building through the Sharpe House .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall through the West House .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall through the Pleasant Surprises .
go to the Spiritus Fermenti through the Emery Hall .
go to the Metcalf Hall through the Berk's;Shanghai .
go to the J. R. Workman Garden through the New Pembroke 3 .
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall , then go to the Pleasant Surprises .
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall , then go to the Second Time Around .
go to the Miller Hall , then go to the Granoff Center .
go to the Andrews Terrace , then go to the Pembroke Park .
go to the East Side Station Post Office , then go to the Emery Hall .
go to the West House , then go to the Sharpe House .
go to the College Hill Bookstore , then go to the Andrews Hall .
go to the Supercuts , then go to the Andrews Terrace .
go to the Granoff Center , then go to the New Pembroke 3 .
go to the Andrews Terrace , then go to the Salon Persia .
go to the Spiritus Fermenti , then go to the West House .
go to the West House , then go to the Salon Persia .
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall first
go to the Morriss Hall first
go to the West House first
go to the Andrews Terrace first
go to the West House first
go to the 219 Bowen first
go to the Pembroke Park first
go to the Pembroke Park via the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the Peter Green House via the Champlin Hall .
go to the Thayer and Meeting via the Avon Cinema .
go to the 111 Brown Street North House via the Salon Persia .
go to the Sharpe House via the New Pembroke 3 .
go to the Blue State Coffee via the Granoff Center .
pass through the Peter Green House on your way to the West House .
pass through the Berk's;Shanghai on your way to the Thayer and Cushing .
pass through the Champlin Hall on your way to the Sidney Frank Hall .
pass through the Metcalf Hall on your way to the Andrews Terrace .
pass through the Alumnae Hall on your way to the New Pembroke 2 .
navigate to the Sharpe House through the West House .
navigate to the Brown University Bookstore through the Soban .
navigate to the 111 Brown Street North House through the New Pembroke 2 .
navigate to the Andreas through the Berk's;Shanghai .
navigate to the Sidney Frank Hall through the Thayer and Meeting .
navigate to the Brown University Bookstore through the Verney-Woolley Hall .
navigate to the Metcalf Hall through the Blue State Coffee .
navigate to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building through the Spiritus Fermenti .
navigate to the Berk's;Shanghai through the West House .
navigate to the Hillel House through the Thayer and Meeting .
navigate to the Pembroke Park through the Emery Hall .
go through the West House to the Granoff Center .
go through the Hillel House to the College Hill Bookstore .
go through the Hillel House to the Avon Cinema .
go through the Supercuts to the East Side Station Post Office .
go through the Andrews Terrace to the Soban .
go through the Andrews Terrace to the Sharpe House .
go through the Salon Persia to the Alumnae Hall .
go through the Supercuts to the Granoff Center .
go through the Avon Cinema to the Soban .
go through the West House to the Spiritus Fermenti .
go through the Pembroke Hall to the Soban .
go through the Peter Green House to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
go through the Blue State Coffee to the Berk's;Shanghai .
go through the J. R. Workman Garden to the New Pembroke 2 .
go through the Salon Persia to the Andrews Hall .
go through the Brown University Bookstore to the Berk's;Shanghai .
go through the Champlin Hall to the Biomedical Center .
avoid West House and go to New Pembroke 1 .
avoid Andrews Terrace and go to Salon Persia .
avoid 219 Bowen and go to Emery Hall .
avoid 111 Brown Street North House and go to Biomedical Center .
avoid Facing Thayer and go to Alumnae Hall .
avoid Pleasant Surprises and go to Smith Buonanno Hall .
avoid Pembroke Park and go to Emery & Wooley .
avoid Metcalf Hall and go to Granoff Center .
avoid Pleasant Surprises and go to Sharpe House .
avoid College Hill Bookstore and go to Emery & Wooley .
avoid 111 Brown Street North House and go to Supercuts .
avoid Brown University Bookstore and go to Pleasant Surprises .
avoid Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building and go to Supercuts .
avoid Andrews Terrace and go to Emery & Wooley .
avoid New Pembroke 4 and go to Verney-Woolley Hall .
avoid Champlin Hall and go to Andrews Hall .
avoid Berk's;Shanghai and go to Emery & Wooley .
avoid Facing Thayer and go to Sidney Frank Hall .
avoid Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building and go to Sidney Frank Hall .
avoid Spiritus Fermenti and go to Supercuts .
go to CVS while avoiding Peter Green House
go to Biomedical Center while avoiding New Pembroke 1
go to Andrews Hall while avoiding Brown University Bookstore
go to Thayer and Meeting while avoiding J. R. Workman Garden
go to New Pembroke 2 while avoiding 164 Angel
go to Smith Buonanno Hall while avoiding Andreas
go to Second Time Around while avoiding New Pembroke 4
go to Champlin Hall while avoiding Thayer and Meeting
go to Andrews Terrace while avoiding Peter Green House
always avoid the Emery & Wooley and travel to CVS .
always avoid the Pleasant Surprises and travel to Alumnae Hall .
always avoid the Soban and travel to Avon Cinema .
always avoid the New Pembroke 2 and travel to Alumnae Hall .
always avoid the Verney-Woolley Hall and travel to Champlin Hall .
always avoid the Alumnae Hall and travel to Thayer and Cushing .
always avoid the East Side Station Post Office and travel to West House .
always avoid the Blue State Coffee and travel to New Pembroke 3 .
always avoid the Andreas and travel to Second Time Around .
always avoid the Emery Hall and travel to Brown University Bookstore .
always avoid the Pleasant Surprises and travel to Avon Cinema .
always avoid the New Pembroke 3 and travel to Sidney Frank Hall .
do not go to Andrews Terrace until going to New Pembroke 1
do not go to West House until going to Andrews Hall
do not go to Miller Hall until going to Champlin Hall
do not go to Spiritus Fermenti until going to 219 Bowen
do not go to Miller Hall until going to Andrews Terrace
do not go to Salon Persia until going to Champlin Hall
do not go to Champlin Hall until going to Verney-Woolley Hall
do not go to Salon Persia until going to Spiritus Fermenti
do not go to New Pembroke 2 until going to Soban
do not go to Supercuts until going to New Pembroke 3
avoid Pembroke Hall and go to 219 Bowen .
avoid Supercuts and go to Sidney Frank Hall .
avoid Andrews Hall and go to New Pembroke 1 .
avoid Supercuts and go to Thayer and Cushing .
avoid Meeting Street Cafe and go to New Pembroke 3 .
always avoid Champlin Hall and go to West House
always avoid Emery & Wooley and go to Facing Thayer
always avoid New Pembroke 3 and go to J. R. Workman Garden
always avoid Smith Buonanno Hall and go to Meeting Street Cafe
always avoid West House and go to 219 Bowen
always avoid Emery Hall and go to Thayer and Meeting
always avoid Blue State Coffee and go to Sharpe House
always avoid Blue State Coffee , and navigate to Peter Green House .
always avoid Pleasant Surprises , and navigate to 164 Angel .
always avoid New Pembroke 3 , and navigate to Pembroke Park .
always avoid Emery Hall , and navigate to 219 Bowen .
always avoid Emery & Wooley , and navigate to 164 Angel .
always avoid Soban , and navigate to Pleasant Surprises .
always avoid Second Time Around , and navigate to Soban .
always avoid Avon Cinema , and navigate to East Side Station Post Office .
always avoid Spiritus Fermenti , and navigate to Sidney Frank Hall .
always avoid 164 Angel , and navigate to Andrews Hall .
always avoid Andrews Hall and navigate to Biomedical Center .
always avoid Emery Hall and navigate to Avon Cinema .
always avoid Blue State Coffee and navigate to Thayer and Meeting .
always avoid Emery & Wooley and navigate to Emery Hall .
always avoid Verney-Woolley Hall and navigate to Pembroke Park .
avoid CVS and go to Pembroke Park .
avoid College Hill Bookstore and go to West House .
avoid Second Time Around and go to Biomedical Center .
avoid Morriss Hall and go to Emery Hall .
avoid Avon Cinema and go to Morriss Hall .
avoid East Side Station Post Office and go to New Pembroke 4 .
avoid Smith Buonanno Hall while traveling to Spiritus Fermenti .
avoid Thayer and Meeting while traveling to New Pembroke 1 .
avoid Sharpe House while traveling to Thayer and Meeting .
avoid Miller Hall while traveling to CVS .
avoid Hillel House while traveling to Spiritus Fermenti .
avoid Alumnae Hall while traveling to Blue State Coffee .
avoid Emery Hall while traveling to Sidney Frank Hall .
avoid Metcalf Hall while traveling to Alumnae Hall .
always avoid Hillel House and go to New Pembroke 2 .
always avoid College Hill Bookstore and go to Andreas .
always avoid Facing Thayer and go to Verney-Woolley Hall .
always avoid Hillel House and go to Avon Cinema .
always avoid 164 Angel and go to Miller Hall .
always avoid Pleasant Surprises and go to Spiritus Fermenti .
always avoid Second Time Around and go to New Pembroke 3 .
avoid Spiritus Fermenti , and go to 219 Bowen .
avoid Spiritus Fermenti , and go to Avon Cinema .
avoid Verney-Woolley Hall , and go to New Pembroke 2 .
avoid Andrews Hall , and go to Miller Hall .
avoid New Pembroke 1 , and go to New Pembroke 3 .
go to Biomedical Center but always stay away from 219 Bowen .
go to J. R. Workman Garden but always stay away from CVS .
go to Metcalf Hall but always stay away from Soban .
go to Avon Cinema but always stay away from Meeting Street Cafe .
go to Sidney Frank Hall but always stay away from Champlin Hall .
go to Thayer and Meeting but always stay away from 111 Brown Street North House .
go to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building but always stay away from 219 Bowen .
go to Hillel House but always stay away from Soban .
avoid West House and go to Andreas .
avoid 219 Bowen and go to New Pembroke 1 .
avoid West House and go to West House .
avoid 111 Brown Street North House and go to East Side Station Post Office .
avoid New Pembroke 2 and go to College Hill Bookstore .
avoid Pembroke Hall and go to Metcalf Hall .
avoid Spiritus Fermenti and go to New Pembroke 3 .
avoid Smith Buonanno Hall and go to Andrews Hall .
avoid Hillel House and go to East Side Station Post Office .
always avoid Biomedical Center while going to Thayer and Cushing .
always avoid Spiritus Fermenti while going to CVS .
always avoid Pembroke Hall while going to Verney-Woolley Hall .
always avoid New Pembroke 1 while going to Miller Hall .
always avoid Sharpe House while going to Emery & Wooley .
always avoid College Hill Bookstore while going to 111 Brown Street North House .
always avoid Avon Cinema while going to Morriss Hall .
always avoid West House while going to Emery & Wooley .
always avoid Verney-Woolley Hall while going to Andrews Terrace .
always avoid Andrews Hall while going to Metcalf Hall .
always avoid Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building while going to Pleasant Surprises .
move to New Pembroke 2 but avoid Biomedical Center .
move to Supercuts but avoid Salon Persia .
move to Pembroke Hall but avoid Peter Green House .
move to Hillel House but avoid West House .
move to Sidney Frank Hall but avoid New Pembroke 3 .
move to Metcalf Hall but avoid 164 Angel .
avoid Salon Persia and proceed to Thayer and Meeting
avoid Emery & Wooley and proceed to Soban
avoid Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building and proceed to Emery & Wooley
avoid 111 Brown Street North House and proceed to Salon Persia
avoid Spiritus Fermenti and proceed to Emery Hall
avoid Peter Green House and proceed to Sidney Frank Hall
go to Emery & Wooley but avoid Andreas .
go to New Pembroke 3 but avoid Spiritus Fermenti .
go to West House but avoid Second Time Around .
go to East Side Station Post Office but avoid Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to Verney-Woolley Hall but avoid New Pembroke 4 .
go to 164 Angel but avoid Champlin Hall .
go to Smith Buonanno Hall but avoid Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to New Pembroke 3 but avoid Supercuts .
go to Peter Green House but avoid Andrews Terrace .
go to Avon Cinema but avoid Biomedical Center .
go to Sidney Frank Hall but always avoid Thayer and Meeting .
go to Brown University Bookstore but always avoid Supercuts .
go to Brown University Bookstore but always avoid Sharpe House .
go to Andreas but always avoid Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to Soban but always avoid Sidney Frank Hall .
go to East Side Station Post Office but always avoid West House .
avoid Sidney Frank Hall and go to Pleasant Surprises .
avoid 164 Angel and go to Facing Thayer .
avoid Andrews Terrace and go to 219 Bowen .
avoid Emery & Wooley and go to Spiritus Fermenti .
avoid College Hill Bookstore and go to Pembroke Park .
navigate to 219 Bowen , always avoiding Avon Cinema .
navigate to New Pembroke 2 , always avoiding West House .
navigate to Hillel House , always avoiding Champlin Hall .
navigate to Granoff Center , always avoiding Brown University Bookstore .
navigate to Blue State Coffee , always avoiding Second Time Around .
navigate to Brown University Bookstore , always avoiding Champlin Hall .
navigate to Hillel House , always avoiding Salon Persia .
navigate to Avon Cinema , always avoiding Salon Persia .
navigate to New Pembroke 4 , always avoiding CVS .
navigate to Hillel House , always avoiding Facing Thayer .
navigate to Blue State Coffee , always avoiding Sidney Frank Hall .
always avoid CVS and go to Verney-Woolley Hall .
always avoid 111 Brown Street North House and go to Soban .
always avoid Avon Cinema and go to Pembroke Hall .
always avoid Miller Hall and go to CVS .
always avoid New Pembroke 2 and go to 164 Angel .
always avoid Soban and go to Facing Thayer .
go to Supercuts without going to Andrews Hall
go to West House without going to Avon Cinema
go to CVS without going to New Pembroke 3
go to Miller Hall without going to Pleasant Surprises
go to Berk's;Shanghai without going to College Hill Bookstore
go to Supercuts without going to Thayer and Meeting
go to Thayer and Meeting without going to Metcalf Hall
go to Verney-Woolley Hall without going to Supercuts
go to Sidney Frank Hall without going to Pleasant Surprises
go to Pleasant Surprises without going to Meeting Street Cafe
avoid Sidney Frank Hall while navigating to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
avoid Soban while navigating to College Hill Bookstore .
avoid Champlin Hall while navigating to Verney-Woolley Hall .
avoid Second Time Around while navigating to Miller Hall .
avoid Morriss Hall while navigating to Pembroke Park .
avoid Pembroke Hall while navigating to J. R. Workman Garden .
avoid Berk's;Shanghai while navigating to Biomedical Center .
avoid Metcalf Hall while navigating to New Pembroke 1 .
avoid Hillel House while navigating to Champlin Hall .
avoid Berk's;Shanghai while navigating to West House .
move to Brown University Bookstore but avoid Sharpe House .
move to Sidney Frank Hall but avoid CVS .
move to Spiritus Fermenti but avoid J. R. Workman Garden .
move to Granoff Center but avoid Supercuts .
move to Blue State Coffee but avoid Brown University Bookstore .
move to West House but avoid Sidney Frank Hall .
move to Blue State Coffee but avoid Brown University Bookstore .
move to Spiritus Fermenti but avoid Brown University Bookstore .
move to Sidney Frank Hall but avoid 164 Angel .
move to Morriss Hall but avoid Emery & Wooley .
move to Peter Green House but avoid New Pembroke 2 .
move to 111 Brown Street North House but avoid Soban .
always avoid Brown University Bookstore and go to CVS .
always avoid CVS and go to Miller Hall .
always avoid 164 Angel and go to Thayer and Meeting .
always avoid Morriss Hall and go to Miller Hall .
always avoid Miller Hall and go to East Side Station Post Office .
always avoid Spiritus Fermenti and go to Smith Buonanno Hall .
always avoid Granoff Center and go to Second Time Around .
always avoid Facing Thayer and go to Meeting Street Cafe .
always avoid Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building and go to 219 Bowen .
always avoid Spiritus Fermenti and go to Emery Hall .
avoid Metcalf Hall and go to Sidney Frank Hall .
avoid New Pembroke 1 and go to Second Time Around .
avoid Salon Persia and go to New Pembroke 1 .
avoid Thayer and Meeting and go to Meeting Street Cafe .
avoid Supercuts and go to Sharpe House .
avoid Facing Thayer and go to Berk's;Shanghai .
avoid New Pembroke 4 and go to Spiritus Fermenti .
go to the Soban via Emery Hall .
go to the 111 Brown Street North House via Blue State Coffee .
go to the Biomedical Center via Avon Cinema .
go to the 111 Brown Street North House via Berk's;Shanghai .
go to the Andrews Hall via Morriss Hall .
go to the Biomedical Center via Pembroke Park .
go through Sharpe House to the Miller Hall .
go through Supercuts to the Morriss Hall .
go through New Pembroke 1 to the Brown University Bookstore .
go through Andrews Hall to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go through Thayer and Cushing to the Second Time Around .
go through New Pembroke 2 to the Pleasant Surprises .
go to the Spiritus Fermenti through Brown University Bookstore
go to the West House through College Hill Bookstore
go to the Supercuts through Second Time Around
go to the West House through Blue State Coffee
go to the Sidney Frank Hall through Biomedical Center
go to the Emery & Wooley through J. R. Workman Garden
go through Avon Cinema before going to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
go through Second Time Around before going to the 219 Bowen .
go through Andrews Hall before going to the Alumnae Hall .
go through 111 Brown Street North House before going to the New Pembroke 3 .
go through New Pembroke 1 before going to the Pembroke Park .
go through College Hill Bookstore before going to the Berk's;Shanghai .
go through Sidney Frank Hall before going to the West House .
move to the New Pembroke 2 but go through Pembroke Hall first .
move to the New Pembroke 2 but go through Pembroke Park first .
move to the Smith Buonanno Hall but go through Facing Thayer first .
move to the New Pembroke 4 but go through Berk's;Shanghai first .
move to the CVS but go through Blue State Coffee first .
navigate through Pembroke Park to the Biomedical Center .
navigate through New Pembroke 3 to the Morriss Hall .
navigate through Pleasant Surprises to the Hillel House .
navigate through New Pembroke 3 to the Blue State Coffee .
navigate through Pleasant Surprises to the Miller Hall .
go to Thayer and Cushing and then go to the Pembroke Park .
go to 111 Brown Street North House and then go to the Pembroke Park .
go to Morriss Hall and then go to the Soban .
go to 164 Angel and then go to the Emery & Wooley .
go to New Pembroke 4 and then go to the New Pembroke 3 .
go to Second Time Around and then go to the Soban .
go to Sidney Frank Hall and then go to the New Pembroke 4 .
go to Sidney Frank Hall and then go to the Sharpe House .
go to New Pembroke 4 and then go to the Emery Hall .
go to 219 Bowen and then go to the Miller Hall .
go to Morriss Hall and then go to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to Thayer and Meeting and then go to the Andrews Hall .
go to New Pembroke 1 and then go to the New Pembroke 4 .
go to CVS and then go to the Berk's;Shanghai .
go to Pembroke Park and then go to the Supercuts .
go to the Supercuts through Brown University Bookstore .
go to the Champlin Hall through Avon Cinema .
go to the Blue State Coffee through Avon Cinema .
go to the Berk's;Shanghai through Facing Thayer .
go to the New Pembroke 4 through Andreas .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall through Thayer and Meeting .
go to the Second Time Around through Miller Hall .
go to the West House through Morriss Hall .
move to the Hillel House , travelling through Salon Persia .
move to the Verney-Woolley Hall , travelling through East Side Station Post Office .
move to the Champlin Hall , travelling through Pembroke Hall .
move to the West House , travelling through Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
move to the Thayer and Cushing , travelling through Thayer and Meeting .
move to the Second Time Around , travelling through CVS .
move to the 111 Brown Street North House , travelling through 219 Bowen .
move to the Sharpe House , travelling through West House .
move to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building , travelling through CVS .
move to the New Pembroke 4 , travelling through East Side Station Post Office .
pass through West House before going to the Sidney Frank Hall .
pass through Berk's;Shanghai before going to the Emery Hall .
pass through Blue State Coffee before going to the Andrews Terrace .
pass through Andreas before going to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
pass through New Pembroke 4 before going to the Salon Persia .
pass through Supercuts before going to the Blue State Coffee .
pass through Soban before going to the Facing Thayer .
pass through Pleasant Surprises on your way to the Brown University Bookstore .
pass through J. R. Workman Garden on your way to the Andrews Hall .
pass through Sidney Frank Hall on your way to the Granoff Center .
pass through New Pembroke 3 on your way to the Berk's;Shanghai .
pass through Sidney Frank Hall on your way to the East Side Station Post Office .
pass through Morriss Hall on your way to the Second Time Around .
go through Pembroke Hall and then to the New Pembroke 4 .
go through Sidney Frank Hall and then to the Andrews Terrace .
go through Emery Hall and then to the Emery & Wooley .
go through Miller Hall and then to the Andrews Hall .
go through New Pembroke 4 and then to the Morriss Hall .
go through Smith Buonanno Hall and then to the J. R. Workman Garden .
go through Andreas and then to the Andrews Terrace .
go through Andreas and then to the Sharpe House .
go through Pembroke Hall to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go through Supercuts to the 219 Bowen .
go through J. R. Workman Garden to the Metcalf Hall .
go through Andrews Terrace to the Sharpe House .
go through Andrews Terrace to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go through Avon Cinema to the Pembroke Park .
go through West House to the Facing Thayer .
go through Morriss Hall to the Blue State Coffee .
go through Sidney Frank Hall to the East Side Station Post Office .
go through Peter Green House to the 219 Bowen .
go through Supercuts to the J. R. Workman Garden .
go through Pembroke Park to the Salon Persia .
go through Emery & Wooley to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
go through Hillel House to the 164 Angel .
go through Supercuts to the Hillel House .
go through Andrews Hall to the Andreas .
go through Champlin Hall to the New Pembroke 3 .
go through Peter Green House to the CVS .
go through Soban to the New Pembroke 3 .
go through Smith Buonanno Hall to the Spiritus Fermenti .
go through Brown University Bookstore to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
go through CVS to the Pleasant Surprises .
go through Spiritus Fermenti to the Supercuts .
always pass Thayer and Cushing to get to level 1 .
always pass College Hill Bookstore to get to level 1 .
always pass Alumnae Hall to get to level 1 .
always pass Sidney Frank Hall to get to level 1 .
always pass Salon Persia to get to level 1 .
always pass Facing Thayer to get to level 1 .
always pass Morriss Hall to get to level 1 .
always pass Supercuts to get to level 1 .
always pass Blue State Coffee to get to level 1 .
go to the Pembroke Park by going through Meeting Street Cafe .
go to the East Side Station Post Office by going through Morriss Hall .
go to the Supercuts by going through Pleasant Surprises .
go to the Blue State Coffee by going through New Pembroke 1 .
go to the Hillel House by going through Facing Thayer .
go to the Brown University Bookstore by going through Champlin Hall .
go to Verney-Woolley Hall then go to the Soban .
go to College Hill Bookstore then go to the Thayer and Meeting .
go to Peter Green House then go to the 219 Bowen .
go to Brown University Bookstore then go to the Meeting Street Cafe .
go to East Side Station Post Office then go to the New Pembroke 4 .
go to Pembroke Hall then go to the Facing Thayer .
go to Hillel House then go to the College Hill Bookstore .
go to Thayer and Cushing then go to the Second Time Around .
go to the West House through 111 Brown Street North House .
go to the West House through Emery & Wooley .
go to the Emery & Wooley through Andrews Terrace .
go to the Pembroke Park through New Pembroke 1 .
go to the Champlin Hall through Spiritus Fermenti .
go to the Alumnae Hall through Biomedical Center .
go to the 164 Angel through Pembroke Park .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall through New Pembroke 4 .
go to the Thayer and Cushing through Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to the West House through Supercuts .
go to the West House through Blue State Coffee .
go to the Miller Hall through Hillel House
go to the Berk's;Shanghai through Andrews Terrace
go to the New Pembroke 2 through Peter Green House
go to the Alumnae Hall through Andrews Hall
go to the Salon Persia through Alumnae Hall
go to the Emery & Wooley through Avon Cinema
go to the Pembroke Park through J. R. Workman Garden
go through Andrews Terrace to the Miller Hall .
go through Blue State Coffee to the CVS .
go through Peter Green House to the Sharpe House .
go through Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building to the Miller Hall .
go through CVS to the College Hill Bookstore .
go through 111 Brown Street North House to the Peter Green House .
go to 164 Angel , then head to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to Brown University Bookstore , then head to the Biomedical Center .
go to J. R. Workman Garden , then head to the 111 Brown Street North House .
go to Pleasant Surprises , then head to the Supercuts .
go to Peter Green House , then head to the Thayer and Meeting .
go to Pembroke Hall , then head to the Berk's;Shanghai .
go to East Side Station Post Office , then head to the Facing Thayer .
go to Pleasant Surprises , then head to the Berk's;Shanghai .
go to Andreas , then head to the East Side Station Post Office .
go to Emery & Wooley before going to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to 219 Bowen before going to the Alumnae Hall .
go to Verney-Woolley Hall before going to the East Side Station Post Office .
go to Alumnae Hall before going to the Andreas .
go to 111 Brown Street North House before going to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to Spiritus Fermenti before going to the Granoff Center .
go to Verney-Woolley Hall before going to the Pembroke Hall .
go through 219 Bowen on your way to the Andreas .
go through Sharpe House on your way to the Spiritus Fermenti .
go through Champlin Hall on your way to the Soban .
go through Spiritus Fermenti on your way to the Pleasant Surprises .
go through Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building on your way to the Brown University Bookstore .
go through Andreas on your way to the Peter Green House .
go through Andrews Terrace on your way to the 219 Bowen .
go through New Pembroke 1 before going to the Berk's;Shanghai .
go through 164 Angel before going to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go through Soban before going to the Supercuts .
go through Peter Green House before going to the Emery & Wooley .
go through Verney-Woolley Hall before going to the Granoff Center .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall through Emery Hall
go to the Facing Thayer through Miller Hall
go to the Champlin Hall through Blue State Coffee
go to the J. R. Workman Garden through Berk's;Shanghai
go to the New Pembroke 2 through West House
go to the Alumnae Hall through Champlin Hall
go to Meeting Street Cafe before navigating to the Avon Cinema .
go to Pleasant Surprises before navigating to the Emery & Wooley .
go to 219 Bowen before navigating to the Thayer and Cushing .
go to Thayer and Cushing before navigating to the Andreas .
go to Pembroke Park before navigating to the Facing Thayer .
go to Andreas before navigating to the 111 Brown Street North House .
go to 164 Angel before navigating to the Facing Thayer .
go to Verney-Woolley Hall before navigating to the New Pembroke 2 .
go to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building before navigating to the Meeting Street Cafe .
go to Spiritus Fermenti before navigating to the Metcalf Hall .
go to New Pembroke 1 before navigating to the Supercuts .
go to Andreas before navigating to the Thayer and Meeting .
