get to Second Time Around , while avoiding West House
get to New Pembroke 3 , while avoiding Second Time Around
get to West House , while avoiding Champlin Hall
get to Granoff Center , while avoiding J. R. Workman Garden
get to Champlin Hall , while avoiding West House
get to Smith Buonanno Hall , while avoiding Metcalf Hall
get to New Pembroke 4 , while avoiding Andrews Hall
get to Avon Cinema , while avoiding Hillel House
get to Second Time Around , while avoiding Thayer and Cushing
get to Andrews Terrace , while avoiding Alumnae Hall
get to Granoff Center , while avoiding Berk's;Shanghai
get to Verney-Woolley Hall , while avoiding Sharpe House
go to Blue State Coffee without first passing through Peter Green House .
go to Sidney Frank Hall without first passing through CVS .
go to Peter Green House without first passing through New Pembroke 2 .
go to New Pembroke 2 without first passing through Pembroke Park .
go to Emery & Wooley without first passing through Avon Cinema .
go to Andrews Hall without first passing through Brown University Bookstore .
go to Morriss Hall without first passing through Biomedical Center .
go to Alumnae Hall without first passing through Berk's;Shanghai .
go to New Pembroke 1 without first passing through Avon Cinema .
go to Smith Buonanno Hall without first passing through Emery & Wooley .
go to Verney-Woolley Hall without first passing through 219 Bowen .
go to Pleasant Surprises without first passing through West House .
go to Granoff Center without first passing through Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to Peter Green House before Soban .
go to Champlin Hall before Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to Andrews Hall before Supercuts .
go to Supercuts before 111 Brown Street North House .
go to Emery & Wooley before Morriss Hall .
go to Emery Hall before New Pembroke 1 .
go to Alumnae Hall before Andrews Hall .
go to College Hill Bookstore before Morriss Hall .
go to Miller Hall before Facing Thayer .
avoid CVS and go to Sidney Frank Hall if you 've reached Sidney Frank Hall then you can go to CVS .
avoid College Hill Bookstore and go to Verney-Woolley Hall if you 've reached Verney-Woolley Hall then you can go to College Hill Bookstore .
avoid New Pembroke 4 and go to Blue State Coffee if you 've reached Blue State Coffee then you can go to New Pembroke 4 .
avoid 219 Bowen and go to Pembroke Hall if you 've reached Pembroke Hall then you can go to 219 Bowen .
avoid Thayer and Meeting and go to Spiritus Fermenti if you 've reached Spiritus Fermenti then you can go to Thayer and Meeting .
avoid 219 Bowen and go to Meeting Street Cafe if you 've reached Meeting Street Cafe then you can go to 219 Bowen .
avoid College Hill Bookstore and go to Supercuts if you 've reached Supercuts then you can go to College Hill Bookstore .
avoid Second Time Around and go to Supercuts if you 've reached Supercuts then you can go to Second Time Around .
avoid Hillel House and go to 219 Bowen if you 've reached 219 Bowen then you can go to Hillel House .
avoid New Pembroke 4 and go to Hillel House if you 've reached Hillel House then you can go to New Pembroke 4 .
avoid 164 Angel and go to Pembroke Park if you 've reached Pembroke Park then you can go to 164 Angel .
avoid Thayer and Meeting and go to Biomedical Center if you 've reached Biomedical Center then you can go to Thayer and Meeting .
avoid J. R. Workman Garden and go to Emery & Wooley if you 've reached Emery & Wooley then you can go to J. R. Workman Garden .
avoid Second Time Around until going to J. R. Workman Garden .
avoid Pembroke Hall until going to Andreas .
avoid Emery & Wooley until going to New Pembroke 4 .
avoid Granoff Center until going to Emery Hall .
avoid Berk's;Shanghai until going to Miller Hall .
avoid Thayer and Meeting until going to Salon Persia .
avoid 111 Brown Street North House until going to Andrews Terrace .
avoid Sharpe House until going to Salon Persia .
avoid Alumnae Hall until going to 219 Bowen .
avoid Emery Hall until you navigate to Hillel House .
avoid Brown University Bookstore until you navigate to Metcalf Hall .
avoid Spiritus Fermenti until you navigate to Sidney Frank Hall .
avoid Soban until you navigate to Andreas .
avoid East Side Station Post Office until you navigate to Morriss Hall .
avoid Sidney Frank Hall until you navigate to New Pembroke 4 .
avoid Avon Cinema until you navigate to Smith Buonanno Hall .
avoid Thayer and Cushing until you navigate to New Pembroke 3 .
avoid Pembroke Hall until you navigate to J. R. Workman Garden .
avoid 219 Bowen until you navigate to Pembroke Hall .
avoid Morriss Hall until you navigate to East Side Station Post Office .
go to Facing Thayer before going to Granoff Center
go to Thayer and Meeting before going to 219 Bowen
go to College Hill Bookstore before going to J. R. Workman Garden
go to Sharpe House before going to Blue State Coffee
go to Pembroke Hall before going to New Pembroke 2
go to Hillel House before going to Metcalf Hall
go to Andreas before going to Spiritus Fermenti
go to 219 Bowen before going to Salon Persia
go to New Pembroke 1 before going to Pembroke Hall
go to Smith Buonanno Hall before going to Morriss Hall
go to Hillel House before going to Soban
go to 219 Bowen before going to Emery Hall
avoid Sidney Frank Hall until after reaching Meeting Street Cafe .
avoid Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building until after reaching New Pembroke 4 .
avoid Andrews Hall until after reaching Thayer and Meeting .
avoid Thayer and Meeting until after reaching Emery Hall .
avoid Facing Thayer until after reaching Sharpe House .
avoid Berk's;Shanghai until after reaching New Pembroke 2 .
avoid Verney-Woolley Hall until after reaching Pembroke Park .
avoid Smith Buonanno Hall until after reaching Thayer and Cushing .
avoid Thayer and Meeting until after reaching Facing Thayer .
avoid Emery & Wooley until after reaching Spiritus Fermenti .
avoid Emery Hall until after reaching New Pembroke 3 .
avoid Alumnae Hall until after reaching Soban .
go to or through Pembroke Hall avoiding going through Andrews Hall
go to or through Facing Thayer avoiding going through Avon Cinema
go to or through Emery Hall avoiding going through Pleasant Surprises
go to or through 219 Bowen avoiding going through Sidney Frank Hall
go to or through Pembroke Park avoiding going through Pembroke Hall
go to or through West House avoiding going through Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building
go to or through Peter Green House avoiding going through Miller Hall
go to or through Granoff Center avoiding going through New Pembroke 2
go to or through New Pembroke 4 avoiding going through Sidney Frank Hall
go to or through Meeting Street Cafe avoiding going through East Side Station Post Office
go to or through New Pembroke 1 avoiding going through J. R. Workman Garden
go to or through Miller Hall avoiding going through 111 Brown Street North House
go to or through Emery Hall avoiding going through Pembroke Hall
go to or through J. R. Workman Garden avoiding going through Spiritus Fermenti
go to or through Granoff Center avoiding going through Thayer and Meeting
avoid Facing Thayer and go to Blue State Coffee if you have reached Blue State Coffee then you can go to Facing Thayer .
avoid J. R. Workman Garden and go to Brown University Bookstore if you have reached Brown University Bookstore then you can go to J. R. Workman Garden .
avoid Thayer and Cushing and go to Salon Persia if you have reached Salon Persia then you can go to Thayer and Cushing .
avoid Emery & Wooley and go to Pembroke Park if you have reached Pembroke Park then you can go to Emery & Wooley .
avoid Thayer and Cushing and go to Morriss Hall if you have reached Morriss Hall then you can go to Thayer and Cushing .
avoid Peter Green House and go to Emery Hall if you have reached Emery Hall then you can go to Peter Green House .
avoid Blue State Coffee and go to College Hill Bookstore if you have reached College Hill Bookstore then you can go to Blue State Coffee .
avoid Pembroke Hall and go to Andreas if you have reached Andreas then you can go to Pembroke Hall .
avoid New Pembroke 1 and go to New Pembroke 3 if you have reached New Pembroke 3 then you can go to New Pembroke 1 .
avoid J. R. Workman Garden and go to Sidney Frank Hall if you have reached Sidney Frank Hall then you can go to J. R. Workman Garden .
avoid 219 Bowen and go to Alumnae Hall if you have reached Alumnae Hall then you can go to 219 Bowen .
avoid West House until going to New Pembroke 3 .
avoid Thayer and Meeting until going to 111 Brown Street North House .
avoid Alumnae Hall until going to 111 Brown Street North House .
avoid Alumnae Hall until going to Champlin Hall .
avoid College Hill Bookstore until going to Thayer and Cushing .
avoid New Pembroke 3 until going to New Pembroke 4 .
avoid Peter Green House until going to Pembroke Hall .
avoid Metcalf Hall until going to Pembroke Park .
avoid Andreas until going to Soban .
avoid Thayer and Meeting until going to New Pembroke 2 .
avoid Pleasant Surprises until going to Alumnae Hall .
avoid East Side Station Post Office until going to Biomedical Center .
avoid Andrews Hall until going to Emery & Wooley .
avoid Andreas until going to New Pembroke 3 .
go to Supercuts then Second Time Around .
go to West House then Peter Green House .
go to New Pembroke 3 then Thayer and Meeting .
go to Spiritus Fermenti then Pembroke Park .
go to Second Time Around then Brown University Bookstore .
go to Granoff Center then Berk's;Shanghai .
go to 111 Brown Street North House then Pleasant Surprises .
go to Facing Thayer then East Side Station Post Office .
go to New Pembroke 4 then Berk's;Shanghai .
avoid Spiritus Fermenti until you have passed through Salon Persia
avoid Thayer and Meeting until you have passed through Blue State Coffee
avoid New Pembroke 1 until you have passed through Miller Hall
avoid Smith Buonanno Hall until you have passed through West House
avoid Andrews Hall until you have passed through Granoff Center
avoid Smith Buonanno Hall until you have passed through Second Time Around
avoid Second Time Around until you have passed through 219 Bowen
avoid Brown University Bookstore until you have passed through Thayer and Meeting
avoid Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building until you have passed through Supercuts
avoid Sharpe House until you have passed through Soban
avoid Hillel House until you have passed through Spiritus Fermenti
avoid New Pembroke 1 until you have passed through Thayer and Meeting
avoid New Pembroke 2 until you have passed through Sidney Frank Hall
avoid West House until you go to West House .
avoid New Pembroke 4 until you go to Sidney Frank Hall .
avoid Supercuts until you go to Morriss Hall .
avoid Pleasant Surprises until you go to Thayer and Cushing .
avoid College Hill Bookstore until you go to Second Time Around .
avoid Andreas until you go to Second Time Around .
avoid New Pembroke 2 until you go to Sharpe House .
avoid Sidney Frank Hall until you go to Blue State Coffee .
avoid Avon Cinema until you go to Sidney Frank Hall .
avoid College Hill Bookstore until you go to New Pembroke 2 .
avoid J. R. Workman Garden until you go to Morriss Hall .
avoid Smith Buonanno Hall until you go to New Pembroke 1 .
avoid Brown University Bookstore until you go to Berk's;Shanghai .
avoid Sidney Frank Hall until you go to Alumnae Hall .
avoid Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building until navigating to New Pembroke 2 .
avoid Facing Thayer until navigating to Sidney Frank Hall .
avoid Andrews Terrace until navigating to Second Time Around .
avoid 164 Angel until navigating to West House .
avoid New Pembroke 3 until navigating to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
avoid Alumnae Hall until navigating to East Side Station Post Office .
avoid Metcalf Hall until navigating to Brown University Bookstore .
avoid Spiritus Fermenti until navigating to Pembroke Park .
avoid Andrews Terrace until navigating to Sharpe House .
avoid Alumnae Hall until navigating to Sidney Frank Hall .
avoid Sidney Frank Hall until navigating to Sharpe House .
avoid Sidney Frank Hall until navigating to 219 Bowen .
avoid Smith Buonanno Hall until navigating to Peter Green House .
avoid Avon Cinema until navigating to Salon Persia .
avoid Supercuts until navigating to Spiritus Fermenti .
go to Meeting Street Cafe before going to Alumnae Hall
go to Verney-Woolley Hall before going to Pembroke Hall
go to Pembroke Hall before going to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building
go to Second Time Around before going to West House
go to Andrews Terrace before going to Miller Hall
go to CVS before going to Sharpe House
go to Pembroke Park before going to Andrews Terrace
go to Thayer and Meeting before going to 219 Bowen
go to Andrews Hall before going to Metcalf Hall
go to Supercuts before going to 164 Angel
go to Avon Cinema before going to Supercuts
go to Alumnae Hall before going to CVS
go to 111 Brown Street North House before going to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building
go to East Side Station Post Office but do not first pass through Thayer and Cushing .
go to Facing Thayer but do not first pass through J. R. Workman Garden .
go to Soban but do not first pass through Blue State Coffee .
go to Champlin Hall but do not first pass through Spiritus Fermenti .
go to Emery & Wooley but do not first pass through East Side Station Post Office .
go to 164 Angel but do not first pass through J. R. Workman Garden .
go to Biomedical Center but do not first pass through College Hill Bookstore .
go to Blue State Coffee but do not first pass through Champlin Hall .
go to Smith Buonanno Hall but do not first pass through Meeting Street Cafe .
go to Brown University Bookstore but do not first pass through Sidney Frank Hall .
go to Blue State Coffee but do not first pass through West House .
avoid Sidney Frank Hall until going to Blue State Coffee .
avoid Emery & Wooley until going to Soban .
avoid Thayer and Cushing until going to Facing Thayer .
avoid New Pembroke 3 until going to Supercuts .
avoid Supercuts until going to Andreas .
avoid Champlin Hall until going to Thayer and Cushing .
avoid Thayer and Cushing until going to Second Time Around .
avoid Granoff Center until going to 219 Bowen .
avoid New Pembroke 1 until going to 164 Angel .
avoid New Pembroke 2 until going to East Side Station Post Office .
avoid Granoff Center until going to New Pembroke 4 .
avoid CVS until going to 219 Bowen .
avoid 164 Angel until going to West House .
avoid Supercuts until going to Morriss Hall .
avoid Pleasant Surprises until after you go to New Pembroke 2 .
avoid Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building until after you go to Pleasant Surprises .
avoid Soban until after you go to Biomedical Center .
avoid Facing Thayer until after you go to New Pembroke 3 .
avoid Andreas until after you go to Alumnae Hall .
avoid Supercuts until after you go to New Pembroke 2 .
avoid Brown University Bookstore until after you go to Granoff Center .
avoid Blue State Coffee until after you go to Pembroke Hall .
avoid Supercuts until after you go to Pembroke Park .
avoid West House until after you go to Thayer and Meeting .
avoid Thayer and Cushing until after you go to Pembroke Park .
avoid Pleasant Surprises until after you go to Salon Persia .
avoid Second Time Around until after you go to Pleasant Surprises .
avoid 164 Angel until going to Salon Persia .
avoid 219 Bowen until going to Metcalf Hall .
avoid West House until going to New Pembroke 3 .
avoid New Pembroke 4 until going to 111 Brown Street North House .
avoid Thayer and Cushing until going to Pembroke Hall .
avoid New Pembroke 1 until going to Andrews Hall .
avoid West House until going to Verney-Woolley Hall .
avoid Sharpe House until going to Second Time Around .
avoid Emery & Wooley until going to J. R. Workman Garden .
avoid Salon Persia until going to 219 Bowen .
avoid Andrews Hall until going to New Pembroke 4 .
go to or through Alumnae Hall always avoid going to Pleasant Surprises through Pleasant Surprises
go to or through Pleasant Surprises always avoid going to Second Time Around through Second Time Around
go to or through Pleasant Surprises always avoid going to Pembroke Park through Pembroke Park
go to or through Miller Hall always avoid going to Sharpe House through Sharpe House
go to or through New Pembroke 4 always avoid going to Emery Hall through Emery Hall
go to or through Berk's;Shanghai always avoid going to Pleasant Surprises through Pleasant Surprises
go to or through Emery Hall always avoid going to Metcalf Hall through Metcalf Hall
go to or through Berk's;Shanghai always avoid going to College Hill Bookstore through College Hill Bookstore
go to or through Blue State Coffee always avoid going to Supercuts through Supercuts
go to or through Granoff Center always avoid going to 164 Angel through 164 Angel
go to or through Pembroke Hall always avoid going to Andrews Hall through Andrews Hall
go to or through Alumnae Hall always avoid going to 219 Bowen through 219 Bowen
go to or through CVS always avoid going to Meeting Street Cafe through Meeting Street Cafe
go to or through Andrews Hall always avoid going to Hillel House through Hillel House
proceed to Metcalf Hall but avoid Sidney Frank Hall on the way . if you have reached Metcalf Hall then you can proceed to Sidney Frank Hall .
proceed to Pleasant Surprises but avoid Sidney Frank Hall on the way . if you have reached Pleasant Surprises then you can proceed to Sidney Frank Hall .
proceed to Facing Thayer but avoid Thayer and Meeting on the way . if you have reached Facing Thayer then you can proceed to Thayer and Meeting .
proceed to Thayer and Meeting but avoid New Pembroke 4 on the way . if you have reached Thayer and Meeting then you can proceed to New Pembroke 4 .
proceed to Hillel House but avoid Sidney Frank Hall on the way . if you have reached Hillel House then you can proceed to Sidney Frank Hall .
proceed to Emery & Wooley but avoid Granoff Center on the way . if you have reached Emery & Wooley then you can proceed to Granoff Center .
proceed to New Pembroke 1 but avoid CVS on the way . if you have reached New Pembroke 1 then you can proceed to CVS .
proceed to Smith Buonanno Hall but avoid Facing Thayer on the way . if you have reached Smith Buonanno Hall then you can proceed to Facing Thayer .
proceed to West House but avoid Hillel House on the way . if you have reached West House then you can proceed to Hillel House .
avoid Supercuts until you go to J. R. Workman Garden .
avoid Emery Hall until you go to Morriss Hall .
avoid Alumnae Hall until you go to Second Time Around .
avoid 219 Bowen until you go to Andreas .
avoid New Pembroke 1 until you go to East Side Station Post Office .
avoid Sidney Frank Hall until you go to Alumnae Hall .
avoid Pembroke Park until you go to Granoff Center .
avoid Verney-Woolley Hall until you go to Pleasant Surprises .
avoid Facing Thayer until you go to Emery Hall .
avoid Sidney Frank Hall until you go to Thayer and Meeting .
avoid West House until you go to Morriss Hall .
avoid Thayer and Cushing until you go to Soban .
avoid Alumnae Hall until going to Pleasant Surprises .
avoid Sidney Frank Hall until going to Peter Green House .
avoid Salon Persia until going to CVS .
avoid Metcalf Hall until going to New Pembroke 4 .
avoid West House until going to 219 Bowen .
avoid Sharpe House until going to Miller Hall .
avoid Andrews Hall until going to Verney-Woolley Hall .
avoid West House until going to Pembroke Park .
avoid Sharpe House until going to West House .
avoid Smith Buonanno Hall until going to West House .
avoid Facing Thayer until going to Smith Buonanno Hall .
avoid Supercuts until going to 219 Bowen .
avoid Sidney Frank Hall until going to Morriss Hall .
avoid New Pembroke 3 until you go to Miller Hall .
avoid Sidney Frank Hall until you go to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
avoid New Pembroke 4 until you go to Blue State Coffee .
avoid Brown University Bookstore until you go to Pembroke Park .
avoid Miller Hall until you go to Champlin Hall .
avoid Andreas until you go to Pembroke Hall .
avoid New Pembroke 4 until you go to West House .
avoid Metcalf Hall until you go to Blue State Coffee .
avoid College Hill Bookstore until you go to Berk's;Shanghai .
avoid Sidney Frank Hall until you go to Emery & Wooley .
avoid West House until you go to Smith Buonanno Hall .
avoid Andrews Terrace until you go to Spiritus Fermenti .
avoid West House until you go to Alumnae Hall .
avoid West House until you go to Blue State Coffee .
avoid West House until you go to J. R. Workman Garden .
avoid 164 Angel until you go to Berk's;Shanghai .
avoid Alumnae Hall until you go to Berk's;Shanghai .
avoid 219 Bowen until you go to Supercuts .
avoid Alumnae Hall until you go to Salon Persia .
avoid Pleasant Surprises until you go to Alumnae Hall .
avoid West House until you go to Andrews Hall .
avoid 164 Angel until you go to Metcalf Hall .
avoid Spiritus Fermenti until you go to New Pembroke 3 .
avoid Morriss Hall until you go to 111 Brown Street North House .
avoid Metcalf Hall and go to Second Time Around if you reached Second Time Around then you can go to Metcalf Hall .
avoid Sharpe House and go to Blue State Coffee if you reached Blue State Coffee then you can go to Sharpe House .
avoid Metcalf Hall and go to Sidney Frank Hall if you reached Sidney Frank Hall then you can go to Metcalf Hall .
avoid J. R. Workman Garden and go to New Pembroke 4 if you reached New Pembroke 4 then you can go to J. R. Workman Garden .
avoid Meeting Street Cafe and go to East Side Station Post Office if you reached East Side Station Post Office then you can go to Meeting Street Cafe .
avoid Emery & Wooley and go to Sidney Frank Hall if you reached Sidney Frank Hall then you can go to Emery & Wooley .
avoid Berk's;Shanghai and go to New Pembroke 2 if you reached New Pembroke 2 then you can go to Berk's;Shanghai .
avoid Meeting Street Cafe and go to College Hill Bookstore if you reached College Hill Bookstore then you can go to Meeting Street Cafe .
avoid Facing Thayer and go to Supercuts if you reached Supercuts then you can go to Facing Thayer .
avoid Peter Green House and go to Facing Thayer if you reached Facing Thayer then you can go to Peter Green House .
avoid East Side Station Post Office and go to Sidney Frank Hall if you reached Sidney Frank Hall then you can go to East Side Station Post Office .
navigate to the Pembroke Hall before you go to Smith Buonanno Hall .
navigate to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building before you go to Hillel House .
navigate to the Soban before you go to 111 Brown Street North House .
navigate to the Emery Hall before you go to Andrews Terrace .
navigate to the Spiritus Fermenti before you go to New Pembroke 3 .
navigate to the Berk's;Shanghai before you go to Supercuts .
navigate to the Smith Buonanno Hall before you go to 164 Angel .
navigate to the Alumnae Hall before you go to Biomedical Center .
navigate to the Avon Cinema before you go to Brown University Bookstore .
navigate to the Spiritus Fermenti before you go to Pleasant Surprises .
navigate to the Andreas before you go to Thayer and Cushing .
head to Facing Thayer after going to the Pembroke Hall .
head to 219 Bowen after going to the Andrews Hall .
head to Sidney Frank Hall after going to the New Pembroke 1 .
head to Meeting Street Cafe after going to the New Pembroke 3 .
head to Avon Cinema after going to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
head to Brown University Bookstore after going to the New Pembroke 2 .
head to Andrews Hall after going to the West House .
head to Sharpe House after going to the West House .
head to Sidney Frank Hall after going to the Biomedical Center .
head to Verney-Woolley Hall after going to the Metcalf Hall .
head to Supercuts after going to the Andreas .
head to Granoff Center after going to the Sidney Frank Hall .
head to Sidney Frank Hall after going to the 219 Bowen .
navigate to Thayer and Cushing through the J. R. Workman Garden .
navigate to Verney-Woolley Hall through the Berk's;Shanghai .
navigate to Granoff Center through the Pleasant Surprises .
navigate to New Pembroke 1 through the Sidney Frank Hall .
navigate to Brown University Bookstore through the J. R. Workman Garden .
navigate to Biomedical Center through the Salon Persia .
navigate to Andreas through the Smith Buonanno Hall .
navigate to West House through the J. R. Workman Garden .
navigate to Peter Green House through the West House .
navigate to Berk's;Shanghai through the CVS .
navigate to Verney-Woolley Hall through the Emery Hall .
navigate to Metcalf Hall through the Sharpe House .
navigate to 164 Angel through the Second Time Around .
always go through the Sidney Frank Hall and then to Peter Green House .
always go through the Alumnae Hall and then to New Pembroke 2 .
always go through the Meeting Street Cafe and then to Champlin Hall .
always go through the Andrews Terrace and then to Andrews Hall .
always go through the West House and then to Sidney Frank Hall .
always go through the East Side Station Post Office and then to 219 Bowen .
always go through the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building and then to Berk's;Shanghai .
always go through the New Pembroke 2 and then to Andrews Hall .
always go through the Smith Buonanno Hall and then to Champlin Hall .
always go through the Andrews Terrace and then to Metcalf Hall .
always go through the Blue State Coffee and then to Facing Thayer .
always go through the Thayer and Meeting and then to Pleasant Surprises .
always go through the Meeting Street Cafe and then to New Pembroke 1 .
always go through the New Pembroke 3 and then to West House .
always go through the Berk's;Shanghai and then to Hillel House .
go through the Blue State Coffee to Thayer and Cushing .
go through the Spiritus Fermenti to Verney-Woolley Hall .
go through the New Pembroke 1 to Thayer and Meeting .
go through the New Pembroke 3 to Emery & Wooley .
go through the Salon Persia to New Pembroke 2 .
go through the Berk's;Shanghai to Thayer and Cushing .
go through the Berk's;Shanghai to East Side Station Post Office .
go through the New Pembroke 3 to Spiritus Fermenti .
go through the Avon Cinema to Berk's;Shanghai .
go through the Verney-Woolley Hall to West House .
go through the Alumnae Hall to Avon Cinema .
go through the Andrews Hall to CVS .
go through the Brown University Bookstore to 111 Brown Street North House .
go through the Thayer and Meeting to New Pembroke 3 .
go to the Metcalf Hall , then go to Spiritus Fermenti .
go to the West House , then go to East Side Station Post Office .
go to the 111 Brown Street North House , then go to Blue State Coffee .
go to the Andrews Terrace , then go to Brown University Bookstore .
go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building , then go to Salon Persia .
go to the West House , then go to Miller Hall .
go to the Champlin Hall , then go to 111 Brown Street North House .
go to the Avon Cinema , then go to 111 Brown Street North House .
go to the West House , then go to Miller Hall .
go to the J. R. Workman Garden , then go to Berk's;Shanghai .
go to the Smith Buonanno Hall , then go to Pembroke Park .
go to the Miller Hall , then go to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
navigate to Salon Persia through the Thayer and Cushing .
navigate to Andreas through the Supercuts .
navigate to Sidney Frank Hall through the Peter Green House .
navigate to Pembroke Park through the Champlin Hall .
navigate to Sharpe House through the Miller Hall .
navigate to New Pembroke 3 through the Pembroke Park .
navigate to Pembroke Park through the Brown University Bookstore .
navigate to Salon Persia through the Smith Buonanno Hall .
navigate to Berk's;Shanghai through the Peter Green House .
navigate to Brown University Bookstore through the West House .
navigate to Alumnae Hall through the 111 Brown Street North House .
navigate to 164 Angel through the CVS .
navigate to Miller Hall through the 111 Brown Street North House .
navigate to Peter Green House through the Alumnae Hall .
navigate to Thayer and Cushing through the West House .
go to Andrews Terrace through the New Pembroke 2
go to Brown University Bookstore through the 111 Brown Street North House
go to Andrews Hall through the Avon Cinema
go to Thayer and Meeting through the Pleasant Surprises
go to Berk's;Shanghai through the Brown University Bookstore
go to Champlin Hall through the Avon Cinema
go to Alumnae Hall through the Berk's;Shanghai
go to Metcalf Hall through the Blue State Coffee
go to Granoff Center through the Pembroke Park
go to Soban through the Verney-Woolley Hall
go to New Pembroke 1 through the Emery & Wooley
go to Biomedical Center through the Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to J. R. Workman Garden through the Pembroke Hall .
go to CVS through the 219 Bowen .
go to Metcalf Hall through the J. R. Workman Garden .
go to 111 Brown Street North House through the New Pembroke 2 .
go to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building through the Alumnae Hall .
go to Avon Cinema through the Pembroke Hall .
go to Hillel House through the Champlin Hall .
go to Supercuts through the Hillel House .
go to Sidney Frank Hall through the Second Time Around .
go to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building through the Avon Cinema .
go to Smith Buonanno Hall through the Berk's;Shanghai .
go to Sharpe House through the Morriss Hall .
go to Second Time Around through the 111 Brown Street North House .
navigate to the Avon Cinema then continue to West House .
navigate to the Morriss Hall then continue to 164 Angel .
navigate to the Spiritus Fermenti then continue to Salon Persia .
navigate to the Emery Hall then continue to Morriss Hall .
navigate to the Blue State Coffee then continue to 111 Brown Street North House .
navigate to the Emery & Wooley then continue to Alumnae Hall .
navigate to the Metcalf Hall then continue to Peter Green House .
navigate to the 164 Angel then continue to Sidney Frank Hall .
navigate to the Second Time Around then continue to Soban .
navigate to the Hillel House then continue to Morriss Hall .
navigate to the J. R. Workman Garden then continue to New Pembroke 4 .
navigate to the Morriss Hall then continue to Sharpe House .
navigate to the 164 Angel then continue to Meeting Street Cafe .
go through the New Pembroke 3 to Metcalf Hall .
go through the Peter Green House to College Hill Bookstore .
go through the Meeting Street Cafe to J. R. Workman Garden .
go through the Smith Buonanno Hall to Spiritus Fermenti .
go through the Smith Buonanno Hall to Andreas .
go through the Champlin Hall to Verney-Woolley Hall .
go through the Sharpe House to Facing Thayer .
go through the West House to Verney-Woolley Hall .
go through the Emery Hall to Andrews Hall .
go through the Morriss Hall to Andrews Terrace .
go through the Andrews Hall to 164 Angel .
go through the Avon Cinema to Supercuts .
go to the Emery & Wooley , then proceed to Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the Granoff Center , then proceed to 219 Bowen .
go to the J. R. Workman Garden , then proceed to Peter Green House .
go to the Meeting Street Cafe , then proceed to Metcalf Hall .
go to the Facing Thayer , then proceed to Pembroke Park .
go to the Supercuts , then proceed to Champlin Hall .
go to the Emery & Wooley , then proceed to Supercuts .
go to the Granoff Center , then proceed to 111 Brown Street North House .
go to the New Pembroke 3 , then proceed to West House .
go to the Andrews Terrace , then proceed to Supercuts .
go to the West House before you go to 219 Bowen .
go to the Berk's;Shanghai before you go to Alumnae Hall .
go to the 164 Angel before you go to Supercuts .
go to the Andrews Terrace before you go to Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to the College Hill Bookstore before you go to Meeting Street Cafe .
go to the West House before you go to Andrews Terrace .
go to the Berk's;Shanghai before you go to Second Time Around .
go to the Champlin Hall before you go to New Pembroke 2 .
go to the Andrews Terrace before you go to 164 Angel .
first go to the West House and then go to 164 Angel .
first go to the Smith Buonanno Hall and then go to 219 Bowen .
first go to the Salon Persia and then go to Berk's;Shanghai .
first go to the West House and then go to New Pembroke 4 .
first go to the Pembroke Hall and then go to West House .
first go to the Meeting Street Cafe and then go to Pleasant Surprises .
first go to the Metcalf Hall and then go to Sharpe House .
first go to the Brown University Bookstore and then go to Thayer and Meeting .
first go to the Pembroke Hall and then go to College Hill Bookstore .
first go to the Thayer and Meeting and then go to West House .
first go to the Berk's;Shanghai and then go to Sharpe House .
first go to the Brown University Bookstore and then go to Soban .
first go to the Miller Hall and then go to Peter Green House .
first go to the Meeting Street Cafe and then go to 219 Bowen .
move to the College Hill Bookstore and then move to 111 Brown Street North House .
move to the Thayer and Cushing and then move to Sidney Frank Hall .
move to the Thayer and Meeting and then move to Second Time Around .
move to the 111 Brown Street North House and then move to Champlin Hall .
move to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building and then move to Facing Thayer .
move to the Sidney Frank Hall and then move to Sidney Frank Hall .
move to the Biomedical Center and then move to New Pembroke 2 .
move to the Metcalf Hall and then move to 111 Brown Street North House .
move to the Pembroke Hall and then move to Pleasant Surprises .
move to the Verney-Woolley Hall and then move to West House .
move to the Granoff Center and then move to 219 Bowen .
move to the Morriss Hall and then move to Peter Green House .
always go through the Andrews Hall before going to CVS .
always go through the Andrews Hall before going to Morriss Hall .
always go through the Supercuts before going to Blue State Coffee .
always go through the J. R. Workman Garden before going to Avon Cinema .
always go through the Sidney Frank Hall before going to New Pembroke 3 .
always go through the Thayer and Cushing before going to Supercuts .
always go through the 219 Bowen before going to Supercuts .
always go through the Alumnae Hall before going to Avon Cinema .
always go through the Blue State Coffee before going to Pleasant Surprises .
go to the Champlin Hall and then go to Andrews Terrace .
go to the Peter Green House and then go to Spiritus Fermenti .
go to the Soban and then go to 164 Angel .
go to the Champlin Hall and then go to 164 Angel .
go to the Pembroke Park and then go to Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the Meeting Street Cafe and then go to Emery Hall .
go to the Emery Hall and then go to Second Time Around .
go to the Brown University Bookstore and then go to Thayer and Meeting .
go to the Champlin Hall and then go to Spiritus Fermenti .
go to the Emery Hall and then go to Peter Green House .
go to the East Side Station Post Office and then go to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to the J. R. Workman Garden and then go to 219 Bowen .
go to the Peter Green House and then go to Alumnae Hall .
go through the New Pembroke 4 to New Pembroke 2 .
go through the Brown University Bookstore to Thayer and Meeting .
go through the College Hill Bookstore to Alumnae Hall .
go through the Metcalf Hall to Supercuts .
go through the Hillel House to Champlin Hall .
go through the Spiritus Fermenti to Verney-Woolley Hall .
go through the Supercuts to Second Time Around .
go through the Thayer and Cushing to Sharpe House .
go through the Facing Thayer to Second Time Around .
go to Thayer and Cushing through the East Side Station Post Office .
go to Berk's;Shanghai through the Sharpe House .
go to Morriss Hall through the Alumnae Hall .
go to New Pembroke 4 through the Andrews Terrace .
go to J. R. Workman Garden through the Hillel House .
go to East Side Station Post Office through the Emery & Wooley .
go to College Hill Bookstore through the Champlin Hall .
go to 164 Angel through the West House .
go to Pembroke Hall through the Meeting Street Cafe .
go to Spiritus Fermenti through the Avon Cinema .
go to Avon Cinema through the J. R. Workman Garden .
go to Berk's;Shanghai through the Andrews Hall .
go to Pleasant Surprises through the Salon Persia .
go to Brown University Bookstore through the Pembroke Hall .
go to Salon Persia through the 111 Brown Street North House .
go to East Side Station Post Office through the Andrews Hall
go to College Hill Bookstore through the West House
go to New Pembroke 3 through the Peter Green House
go to West House through the Alumnae Hall
go to Sidney Frank Hall through the Morriss Hall
go to Andrews Terrace through the Sharpe House
go to Emery Hall through the New Pembroke 3
go to Emery Hall through the J. R. Workman Garden
go to Facing Thayer through the Morriss Hall
go to Smith Buonanno Hall through the Hillel House
go through the CVS , then make your way to Second Time Around .
go through the Sidney Frank Hall , then make your way to New Pembroke 3 .
go through the 219 Bowen , then make your way to Andrews Hall .
go through the Sidney Frank Hall , then make your way to West House .
go through the Meeting Street Cafe , then make your way to East Side Station Post Office .
go through the West House , then make your way to Avon Cinema .
go through the Andreas , then make your way to Champlin Hall .
go through the Brown University Bookstore , then make your way to East Side Station Post Office .
go through the Peter Green House , then make your way to Salon Persia .
go through the Sidney Frank Hall , then make your way to Morriss Hall .
go to Emery Hall through the Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to Blue State Coffee through the Avon Cinema .
go to Champlin Hall through the Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to Metcalf Hall through the Soban .
go to West House through the Morriss Hall .
go to Andrews Terrace through the 219 Bowen .
go to College Hill Bookstore through the East Side Station Post Office .
go to Verney-Woolley Hall through the Pleasant Surprises .
go to Champlin Hall through the Meeting Street Cafe .
go to Miller Hall through the Andrews Terrace .
go to Sharpe House through the 164 Angel .
go to Spiritus Fermenti through the Facing Thayer .
go to Hillel House through the 164 Angel .
go through the Sidney Frank Hall before navigating to Hillel House .
go through the Morriss Hall before navigating to Hillel House .
go through the Miller Hall before navigating to Peter Green House .
go through the Supercuts before navigating to Biomedical Center .
go through the Emery & Wooley before navigating to Smith Buonanno Hall .
go through the J. R. Workman Garden before navigating to Second Time Around .
go through the East Side Station Post Office before navigating to Pleasant Surprises .
go through the Biomedical Center before navigating to Berk's;Shanghai .
go through the Andrews Hall before navigating to Facing Thayer .
always go through the Blue State Coffee before going to Salon Persia .
always go through the Meeting Street Cafe before going to West House .
always go through the Morriss Hall before going to Verney-Woolley Hall .
always go through the Spiritus Fermenti before going to New Pembroke 1 .
always go through the New Pembroke 3 before going to Facing Thayer .
always go through the West House before going to New Pembroke 4 .
always go through the Meeting Street Cafe before going to Sharpe House .
always go through the Granoff Center before going to New Pembroke 2 .
always go through the 219 Bowen before going to Sidney Frank Hall .
always go through the Peter Green House before going to East Side Station Post Office .
always go through the West House before going to Champlin Hall .
always go through the 219 Bowen before going to Soban .
always go through the Blue State Coffee before going to Biomedical Center .
go to Meeting Street Cafe through the Sidney Frank Hall
go to West House through the Sidney Frank Hall
go to West House through the Peter Green House
go to Smith Buonanno Hall through the Avon Cinema
go to 219 Bowen through the Thayer and Cushing
go to Thayer and Cushing through the Pembroke Park
go to Soban through the East Side Station Post Office
go to Biomedical Center through the Miller Hall
go to J. R. Workman Garden through the West House
go to Brown University Bookstore through the Smith Buonanno Hall
go to West House through the Alumnae Hall
go to Berk's;Shanghai through the College Hill Bookstore
go to Pembroke Park through the Miller Hall
go through the Miller Hall before going to Berk's;Shanghai
go through the Andrews Terrace before going to East Side Station Post Office
go through the Morriss Hall before going to Biomedical Center
go through the Thayer and Meeting before going to Emery Hall
go through the Berk's;Shanghai before going to Sidney Frank Hall
go through the Supercuts before going to Avon Cinema
go through the Pleasant Surprises before going to Avon Cinema
go through the Salon Persia before going to Thayer and Cushing
go through the West House before going to Alumnae Hall
go through the Meeting Street Cafe before going to East Side Station Post Office
go through the Andrews Terrace before going to Hillel House
go through the Smith Buonanno Hall before going to Miller Hall
go through the Alumnae Hall before going to Blue State Coffee
go through the Sidney Frank Hall before going to Andrews Hall
move to the Sidney Frank Hall first then travel to Soban .
move to the Andrews Terrace first then travel to Soban .
move to the New Pembroke 1 first then travel to Thayer and Cushing .
move to the Peter Green House first then travel to Granoff Center .
move to the 111 Brown Street North House first then travel to Sidney Frank Hall .
move to the Spiritus Fermenti first then travel to New Pembroke 4 .
move to the Hillel House first then travel to Peter Green House .
move to the Hillel House first then travel to Thayer and Cushing .
move to the West House first then travel to Soban .
move to the 164 Angel first then travel to Supercuts .
move to the Emery Hall first then travel to Pleasant Surprises .
move to the Brown University Bookstore first then travel to Champlin Hall .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall before you go to Pembroke Hall .
go to the 111 Brown Street North House before you go to CVS .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall before you go to Miller Hall .
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall before you go to Metcalf Hall .
go to the New Pembroke 4 before you go to New Pembroke 2 .
go to the 164 Angel before you go to Avon Cinema .
go to the Alumnae Hall before you go to 164 Angel .
go to the Biomedical Center before you go to Hillel House .
go to the CVS before you go to Pembroke Hall .
go to the Metcalf Hall before you go to Sidney Frank Hall .
move to Verney-Woolley Hall , but go through the Facing Thayer first .
move to Andrews Hall , but go through the Champlin Hall first .
move to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building , but go through the Biomedical Center first .
move to Emery & Wooley , but go through the CVS first .
move to Andrews Hall , but go through the Emery & Wooley first .
move to Metcalf Hall , but go through the Thayer and Meeting first .
move to Meeting Street Cafe , but go through the Avon Cinema first .
move to Alumnae Hall , but go through the Thayer and Cushing first .
move to Andrews Terrace , but go through the 164 Angel first .
move to Peter Green House , but go through the East Side Station Post Office first .
move to Pembroke Hall , but go through the Supercuts first .
move to Blue State Coffee , but go through the East Side Station Post Office first .
move to Alumnae Hall , but go through the Peter Green House first .
move to Emery & Wooley , but go through the Biomedical Center first .
go to West House through the 219 Bowen .
go to Emery & Wooley through the CVS .
go to Granoff Center through the J. R. Workman Garden .
go to Spiritus Fermenti through the New Pembroke 1 .
go to Salon Persia through the New Pembroke 2 .
go to Brown University Bookstore through the Peter Green House .
go to Emery & Wooley through the Champlin Hall .
go to Sidney Frank Hall through the Peter Green House .
go to Thayer and Cushing through the Metcalf Hall .
go to Champlin Hall through the Avon Cinema .
go to 219 Bowen through the Supercuts .
go to CVS through the Pembroke Park .
go to Second Time Around through the Champlin Hall .
go to or through the Sharpe House . always avoid going to the Sharpe House through Hillel House
go to or through the Spiritus Fermenti . always avoid going to the Spiritus Fermenti through Berk's;Shanghai
go to or through the Supercuts . always avoid going to the Supercuts through Andrews Hall
go to or through the Andreas . always avoid going to the Andreas through Meeting Street Cafe
go to or through the Smith Buonanno Hall . always avoid going to the Smith Buonanno Hall through College Hill Bookstore
go to or through the Blue State Coffee . always avoid going to the Blue State Coffee through 111 Brown Street North House
go to or through the CVS . always avoid going to the CVS through Andreas
go to or through the Andrews Hall . always avoid going to the Andrews Hall through Pleasant Surprises
go to or through the Blue State Coffee . always avoid going to the Blue State Coffee through Thayer and Meeting
go to or through the Thayer and Meeting . always avoid going to the Thayer and Meeting through Sharpe House
avoid Andrews Terrace until you go to the New Pembroke 4 .
avoid Andreas until you go to the Metcalf Hall .
avoid Blue State Coffee until you go to the Champlin Hall .
avoid Brown University Bookstore until you go to the Pembroke Park .
avoid Pleasant Surprises until you go to the Pembroke Park .
avoid Pleasant Surprises until you go to the New Pembroke 4 .
avoid East Side Station Post Office until you go to the Biomedical Center .
avoid 111 Brown Street North House until you go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
avoid Soban until you go to the 164 Angel .
avoid Second Time Around until you go to the Pembroke Hall .
avoid Andreas until you go to the 111 Brown Street North House .
avoid 111 Brown Street North House until you go to the Supercuts .
avoid Facing Thayer until after the Peter Green House
avoid Biomedical Center until after the Soban
avoid Supercuts until after the Pleasant Surprises
avoid Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building until after the New Pembroke 2
avoid Andreas until after the Alumnae Hall
avoid New Pembroke 2 until after the Spiritus Fermenti
avoid East Side Station Post Office until after the Berk's;Shanghai
avoid Sharpe House until after the Berk's;Shanghai
avoid Pembroke Park until after the 164 Angel
avoid Emery & Wooley until after the Salon Persia
avoid 219 Bowen until after the Sidney Frank Hall
avoid Soban until after the Spiritus Fermenti
avoid West House until after the Pembroke Hall
go to Andrews Terrace , before going to 219 Bowen .
go to Emery Hall , before going to Champlin Hall .
go to Berk's;Shanghai , before going to Andrews Terrace .
go to Berk's;Shanghai , before going to Emery Hall .
go to Miller Hall , before going to J. R. Workman Garden .
go to Facing Thayer , before going to CVS .
go to 111 Brown Street North House , before going to 164 Angel .
go to Granoff Center , before going to Blue State Coffee .
go to East Side Station Post Office , before going to 111 Brown Street North House .
go to Soban , before going to Miller Hall .
go to Soban , before going to Biomedical Center .
go to Sharpe House , before going to 111 Brown Street North House .
go to Blue State Coffee , before going to New Pembroke 2 .
go to J. R. Workman Garden , before going to Andrews Hall .
go to New Pembroke 2 , before going to Pembroke Hall .
avoid Emery Hall until going to the Andrews Hall .
avoid Andrews Hall until going to the 111 Brown Street North House .
avoid Sidney Frank Hall until going to the CVS .
avoid Biomedical Center until going to the Morriss Hall .
avoid Pembroke Hall until going to the Thayer and Meeting .
avoid Emery & Wooley until going to the Metcalf Hall .
avoid Miller Hall until going to the New Pembroke 1 .
avoid Facing Thayer until going to the Blue State Coffee .
avoid Andreas until going to the Sidney Frank Hall .
avoid Granoff Center until going to the Thayer and Cushing .
avoid East Side Station Post Office until going to the 219 Bowen .
avoid Thayer and Cushing until going to the Biomedical Center .
avoid Peter Green House until going to the Berk's;Shanghai .
avoid New Pembroke 4 until going to the Brown University Bookstore .
go through the Blue State Coffee before going to East Side Station Post Office
go through the Andrews Terrace before going to Champlin Hall
go through the East Side Station Post Office before going to Spiritus Fermenti
go through the Blue State Coffee before going to Brown University Bookstore
go through the CVS before going to 219 Bowen
go through the 164 Angel before going to New Pembroke 3
go through the New Pembroke 1 before going to Avon Cinema
go through the Thayer and Cushing before going to Facing Thayer
go through the Thayer and Cushing before going to Champlin Hall
go through the Verney-Woolley Hall before going to Sidney Frank Hall
go through the Facing Thayer before going to Supercuts
go through the 219 Bowen before going to Morriss Hall
go through the Morriss Hall before going to Andrews Terrace
go through the Verney-Woolley Hall before going to Facing Thayer
always avoid 164 Angel and go through the Hillel House .
always avoid New Pembroke 3 and go through the Berk's;Shanghai .
always avoid East Side Station Post Office and go through the Facing Thayer .
always avoid College Hill Bookstore and go through the Salon Persia .
always avoid Thayer and Meeting and go through the Facing Thayer .
always avoid Spiritus Fermenti and go through the Biomedical Center .
always avoid New Pembroke 4 and go through the College Hill Bookstore .
always avoid Andrews Terrace and go through the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
always avoid Pleasant Surprises and go through the Facing Thayer .
always avoid West House and go through the Andreas .
avoid Granoff Center until you go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
avoid Pembroke Park until you go to the Sharpe House .
avoid J. R. Workman Garden until you go to the 111 Brown Street North House .
avoid Sidney Frank Hall until you go to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
avoid Pleasant Surprises until you go to the Supercuts .
avoid New Pembroke 1 until you go to the Supercuts .
avoid Brown University Bookstore until you go to the Andrews Hall .
avoid CVS until you go to the J. R. Workman Garden .
avoid Champlin Hall until you go to the Meeting Street Cafe .
avoid CVS until you go to the New Pembroke 1 .
avoid Andrews Terrace until you go to the New Pembroke 1 .
avoid Andrews Hall until you go to the Miller Hall .
avoid Andrews Hall until reaching the Supercuts .
avoid Hillel House until reaching the 111 Brown Street North House .
avoid New Pembroke 3 until reaching the Spiritus Fermenti .
avoid College Hill Bookstore until reaching the Brown University Bookstore .
avoid Facing Thayer until reaching the Pembroke Hall .
avoid Thayer and Meeting until reaching the Thayer and Cushing .
avoid Brown University Bookstore until reaching the New Pembroke 2 .
avoid CVS until reaching the Salon Persia .
avoid Peter Green House until reaching the Biomedical Center .
avoid Soban until reaching the Berk's;Shanghai .
avoid Soban until reaching the Berk's;Shanghai .
avoid Granoff Center until reaching the Pembroke Park .
avoid Sidney Frank Hall until reaching the Granoff Center .
avoid Brown University Bookstore until reaching the New Pembroke 3 .
avoid 164 Angel until reaching the CVS .
avoid Blue State Coffee and go to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
avoid New Pembroke 4 and go to the CVS .
avoid West House and go to the New Pembroke 2 .
avoid Andrews Hall and go to the 164 Angel .
avoid Facing Thayer and go to the CVS .
avoid Emery & Wooley and go to the 219 Bowen .
avoid Soban and go to the Spiritus Fermenti .
avoid Thayer and Meeting and go to the Andrews Hall .
avoid Pembroke Hall and go to the Emery & Wooley .
go to the Biomedical Center by avoiding Hillel House and then stay in the Biomedical Center or continue to Hillel House
go to the Peter Green House by avoiding Pleasant Surprises and then stay in the Peter Green House or continue to Pleasant Surprises
go to the Smith Buonanno Hall by avoiding Salon Persia and then stay in the Smith Buonanno Hall or continue to Salon Persia
go to the Supercuts by avoiding Pembroke Park and then stay in the Supercuts or continue to Pembroke Park
go to the Brown University Bookstore by avoiding Supercuts and then stay in the Brown University Bookstore or continue to Supercuts
go to the College Hill Bookstore by avoiding Brown University Bookstore and then stay in the College Hill Bookstore or continue to Brown University Bookstore
go to the Avon Cinema by avoiding Second Time Around and then stay in the Avon Cinema or continue to Second Time Around
go to the Granoff Center by avoiding Thayer and Cushing and then stay in the Granoff Center or continue to Thayer and Cushing
go to the Emery & Wooley by avoiding Miller Hall and then stay in the Emery & Wooley or continue to Miller Hall
go to the New Pembroke 1 by avoiding Andrews Terrace and then stay in the New Pembroke 1 or continue to Andrews Terrace
go to the Meeting Street Cafe by avoiding 219 Bowen and then stay in the Meeting Street Cafe or continue to 219 Bowen
go to the 111 Brown Street North House by avoiding College Hill Bookstore and then stay in the 111 Brown Street North House or continue to College Hill Bookstore
avoid Smith Buonanno Hall until you go to the Biomedical Center .
avoid Brown University Bookstore until you go to the Champlin Hall .
avoid 219 Bowen until you go to the Second Time Around .
avoid Berk's;Shanghai until you go to the West House .
avoid Pembroke Hall until you go to the Spiritus Fermenti .
avoid Morriss Hall until you go to the Sharpe House .
avoid Granoff Center until you go to the Sharpe House .
avoid 219 Bowen until you go to the New Pembroke 2 .
avoid Smith Buonanno Hall until you go to the Supercuts .
avoid Spiritus Fermenti until you go to the Sidney Frank Hall .
avoid Andrews Hall until going to the Facing Thayer .
avoid Salon Persia until going to the Andrews Terrace .
avoid Emery & Wooley until going to the Andrews Terrace .
avoid Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building until going to the Brown University Bookstore .
avoid Berk's;Shanghai until going to the West House .
avoid Emery & Wooley until going to the College Hill Bookstore .
avoid 164 Angel until going to the 111 Brown Street North House .
avoid Salon Persia until going to the Avon Cinema .
avoid 164 Angel until going to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
avoid Biomedical Center until going to the Berk's;Shanghai .
avoid Alumnae Hall until going to the Andrews Hall .
go to or through the New Pembroke 4 always avoid going to the New Pembroke 4 through Pembroke Park
go to or through the College Hill Bookstore always avoid going to the College Hill Bookstore through New Pembroke 2
go to or through the Granoff Center always avoid going to the Granoff Center through Hillel House
go to or through the Andreas always avoid going to the Andreas through Champlin Hall
go to or through the 164 Angel always avoid going to the 164 Angel through New Pembroke 2
go to or through the Sidney Frank Hall always avoid going to the Sidney Frank Hall through Spiritus Fermenti
go to or through the CVS always avoid going to the CVS through Brown University Bookstore
go to or through the New Pembroke 2 always avoid going to the New Pembroke 2 through East Side Station Post Office
go to or through the Supercuts always avoid going to the Supercuts through 219 Bowen
go to or through the Metcalf Hall always avoid going to the Metcalf Hall through New Pembroke 1
go to or through the Smith Buonanno Hall always avoid going to the Smith Buonanno Hall through Sidney Frank Hall
go to or through the Sharpe House always avoid going to the Sharpe House through Avon Cinema
go to or through the Soban always avoid going to the Soban through New Pembroke 3
go to or through the 219 Bowen always avoid going to the 219 Bowen through Spiritus Fermenti
go to or through the Andreas always avoid going to the Andreas through Second Time Around
go to the Andrews Terrace before going to Sidney Frank Hall
go to the 164 Angel before going to Soban
go to the Salon Persia before going to 219 Bowen
go to the Hillel House before going to Peter Green House
go to the Biomedical Center before going to Morriss Hall
go to the Facing Thayer before going to Emery & Wooley
go to the Andrews Terrace before going to Spiritus Fermenti
go to the West House before going to Avon Cinema
go to the Hillel House before going to Thayer and Cushing
go to the College Hill Bookstore before going to West House
go to the Pleasant Surprises before going to CVS
go to the Sidney Frank Hall before going to Hillel House
go to the Thayer and Meeting before going to Andreas
go to the Alumnae Hall before going to Soban
go to the Salon Persia before going to Peter Green House
avoid going through Granoff Center until you go through the 219 Bowen .
avoid going through Emery Hall until you go through the Avon Cinema .
avoid going through 219 Bowen until you go through the Thayer and Cushing .
avoid going through Avon Cinema until you go through the Morriss Hall .
avoid going through Spiritus Fermenti until you go through the Brown University Bookstore .
avoid going through New Pembroke 1 until you go through the Peter Green House .
avoid going through New Pembroke 4 until you go through the 111 Brown Street North House .
avoid going through Andrews Terrace until you go through the Spiritus Fermenti .
avoid going through Soban until you go through the J. R. Workman Garden .
avoid going through Soban until you go through the Thayer and Cushing .
avoid going through Andreas until you go through the Salon Persia .
avoid going through Avon Cinema until you go through the Alumnae Hall .
avoid East Side Station Post Office until going to the West House .
avoid Berk's;Shanghai until going to the Blue State Coffee .
avoid Morriss Hall until going to the Champlin Hall .
avoid Berk's;Shanghai until going to the Soban .
avoid Soban until going to the CVS .
avoid Morriss Hall until going to the Emery & Wooley .
avoid Berk's;Shanghai until going to the Facing Thayer .
avoid Soban until going to the Biomedical Center .
avoid Spiritus Fermenti until going to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
avoid Brown University Bookstore until going to the Champlin Hall .
avoid 111 Brown Street North House until going to the Supercuts .
avoid New Pembroke 2 until going to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
avoid Andrews Hall until going to the Meeting Street Cafe .
avoid Sidney Frank Hall until going to the East Side Station Post Office .
avoid East Side Station Post Office until going to the Biomedical Center .
go to the Emery & Wooley by avoiding New Pembroke 2 if you reached the Emery & Wooley , then you can proceed to New Pembroke 2 .
go to the Sharpe House by avoiding Thayer and Meeting if you reached the Sharpe House , then you can proceed to Thayer and Meeting .
go to the J. R. Workman Garden by avoiding Alumnae Hall if you reached the J. R. Workman Garden , then you can proceed to Alumnae Hall .
go to the New Pembroke 2 by avoiding CVS if you reached the New Pembroke 2 , then you can proceed to CVS .
go to the College Hill Bookstore by avoiding Thayer and Cushing if you reached the College Hill Bookstore , then you can proceed to Thayer and Cushing .
go to the 111 Brown Street North House by avoiding Berk's;Shanghai if you reached the 111 Brown Street North House , then you can proceed to Berk's;Shanghai .
go to the Champlin Hall by avoiding Salon Persia if you reached the Champlin Hall , then you can proceed to Salon Persia .
go to the Morriss Hall by avoiding Sharpe House if you reached the Morriss Hall , then you can proceed to Sharpe House .
go to the West House by avoiding Brown University Bookstore if you reached the West House , then you can proceed to Brown University Bookstore .
go to the Alumnae Hall by avoiding CVS if you reached the Alumnae Hall , then you can proceed to CVS .
go to the West House by avoiding East Side Station Post Office if you reached the West House , then you can proceed to East Side Station Post Office .
go to the Thayer and Meeting by avoiding New Pembroke 2 if you reached the Thayer and Meeting , then you can proceed to New Pembroke 2 .
avoid Verney-Woolley Hall until you go to the New Pembroke 2 .
avoid Verney-Woolley Hall until you go to the Andrews Hall .
avoid 164 Angel until you go to the Hillel House .
avoid Thayer and Cushing until you go to the West House .
avoid Berk's;Shanghai until you go to the Facing Thayer .
avoid Spiritus Fermenti until you go to the West House .
avoid Blue State Coffee until you go to the West House .
avoid New Pembroke 3 until you go to the 219 Bowen .
avoid West House until you go to the Sidney Frank Hall .
avoid New Pembroke 2 until you go to the Berk's;Shanghai .
avoid Thayer and Cushing until you go to the Blue State Coffee .
move to the Pembroke Hall avoiding West House if you got to the Pembroke Hall then you can continue to West House .
move to the Brown University Bookstore avoiding Soban if you got to the Brown University Bookstore then you can continue to Soban .
move to the Thayer and Meeting avoiding Berk's;Shanghai if you got to the Thayer and Meeting then you can continue to Berk's;Shanghai .
move to the Brown University Bookstore avoiding Pembroke Hall if you got to the Brown University Bookstore then you can continue to Pembroke Hall .
move to the 164 Angel avoiding New Pembroke 1 if you got to the 164 Angel then you can continue to New Pembroke 1 .
move to the Sidney Frank Hall avoiding Andreas if you got to the Sidney Frank Hall then you can continue to Andreas .
move to the New Pembroke 3 avoiding New Pembroke 4 if you got to the New Pembroke 3 then you can continue to New Pembroke 4 .
move to the Miller Hall avoiding New Pembroke 4 if you got to the Miller Hall then you can continue to New Pembroke 4 .
move to the Supercuts avoiding Andrews Terrace if you got to the Supercuts then you can continue to Andrews Terrace .
move to the West House avoiding Metcalf Hall if you got to the West House then you can continue to Metcalf Hall .
move to the Thayer and Cushing avoiding Pleasant Surprises if you got to the Thayer and Cushing then you can continue to Pleasant Surprises .
move to the Meeting Street Cafe avoiding 219 Bowen if you got to the Meeting Street Cafe then you can continue to 219 Bowen .
avoid Andreas until you go to the 111 Brown Street North House .
avoid Andreas until you go to the New Pembroke 2 .
avoid Second Time Around until you go to the Brown University Bookstore .
avoid Emery Hall until you go to the Sidney Frank Hall .
avoid Peter Green House until you go to the Soban .
avoid Sidney Frank Hall until you go to the New Pembroke 2 .
avoid CVS until you go to the Miller Hall .
avoid Emery & Wooley until you go to the West House .
avoid Granoff Center until you go to the CVS .
avoid Second Time Around until you go to the Granoff Center .
go to the Berk's;Shanghai before going to Pembroke Hall
go to the Second Time Around before going to New Pembroke 1
go to the 219 Bowen before going to Emery Hall
go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building before going to Andrews Hall
go to the 111 Brown Street North House before going to Berk's;Shanghai
go to the New Pembroke 3 before going to Pembroke Park
go to the Soban before going to Sidney Frank Hall
go to the New Pembroke 1 before going to West House
go to the New Pembroke 4 before going to Supercuts
go to the Supercuts before going to Sidney Frank Hall
go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building before going to New Pembroke 2
go to the Supercuts before going to Andrews Hall
go to the 111 Brown Street North House before going to East Side Station Post Office
go to the Brown University Bookstore before going to Berk's;Shanghai
go to the Hillel House before going to CVS
go to the Emery & Wooley avoiding East Side Station Post Office if you reached the Emery & Wooley then you may go to East Side Station Post Office .
go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building avoiding Biomedical Center if you reached the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building then you may go to Biomedical Center .
go to the 111 Brown Street North House avoiding Pleasant Surprises if you reached the 111 Brown Street North House then you may go to Pleasant Surprises .
go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building avoiding New Pembroke 3 if you reached the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building then you may go to New Pembroke 3 .
go to the Hillel House avoiding Verney-Woolley Hall if you reached the Hillel House then you may go to Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to the 111 Brown Street North House avoiding New Pembroke 1 if you reached the 111 Brown Street North House then you may go to New Pembroke 1 .
go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building avoiding New Pembroke 2 if you reached the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building then you may go to New Pembroke 2 .
go to the New Pembroke 3 avoiding West House if you reached the New Pembroke 3 then you may go to West House .
go to the Biomedical Center avoiding New Pembroke 1 if you reached the Biomedical Center then you may go to New Pembroke 1 .
avoid Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building until going to the Spiritus Fermenti .
avoid College Hill Bookstore until going to the Pembroke Park .
avoid New Pembroke 2 until going to the Metcalf Hall .
avoid Andrews Hall until going to the Andreas .
avoid College Hill Bookstore until going to the Pleasant Surprises .
avoid College Hill Bookstore until going to the Biomedical Center .
avoid New Pembroke 3 until going to the 111 Brown Street North House .
avoid Emery Hall until going to the Pleasant Surprises .
avoid Salon Persia until going to the Thayer and Meeting .
avoid Facing Thayer until going to the New Pembroke 1 .
avoid New Pembroke 2 until going to the Emery Hall .
avoid New Pembroke 3 until going to the Salon Persia .
avoid J. R. Workman Garden until you pass through Alumnae Hall .
avoid Spiritus Fermenti until you pass through Emery Hall .
avoid Meeting Street Cafe until you pass through East Side Station Post Office .
avoid Thayer and Meeting until you pass through Meeting Street Cafe .
avoid West House until you pass through Spiritus Fermenti .
avoid Peter Green House until you pass through 219 Bowen .
avoid Alumnae Hall until you pass through Andreas .
avoid J. R. Workman Garden until you pass through Berk's;Shanghai .
avoid Metcalf Hall until you pass through Morriss Hall .
avoid Brown University Bookstore until you pass through Andreas .
avoid 219 Bowen until you pass through Smith Buonanno Hall .
avoid Peter Green House until you pass through New Pembroke 2 .
avoid Alumnae Hall until you pass through College Hill Bookstore .
avoid Thayer and Cushing until you pass through Hillel House .
avoid Emery Hall until going to the Sharpe House .
avoid Miller Hall until going to the Facing Thayer .
avoid New Pembroke 1 until going to the Brown University Bookstore .
avoid Second Time Around until going to the Sidney Frank Hall .
avoid J. R. Workman Garden until going to the College Hill Bookstore .
avoid Peter Green House until going to the Alumnae Hall .
avoid Berk's;Shanghai until going to the Blue State Coffee .
avoid Supercuts until going to the Sharpe House .
avoid 111 Brown Street North House until going to the Emery Hall .
avoid West House until going to the New Pembroke 1 .
avoid Andrews Hall until navigating to the Miller Hall .
avoid Facing Thayer until navigating to the Morriss Hall .
avoid Emery Hall until navigating to the Pembroke Hall .
avoid New Pembroke 3 until navigating to the Peter Green House .
avoid Peter Green House until navigating to the Hillel House .
avoid Supercuts until navigating to the Granoff Center .
avoid Sidney Frank Hall until navigating to the 111 Brown Street North House .
avoid Peter Green House until navigating to the New Pembroke 3 .
avoid Sidney Frank Hall until navigating to the Salon Persia .
avoid New Pembroke 1 until navigating to the Andreas .
go to the New Pembroke 2 but avoid Pleasant Surprises if you reached to the New Pembroke 2 then you can head to Pleasant Surprises or stay put .
go to the Andreas but avoid New Pembroke 4 if you reached to the Andreas then you can head to New Pembroke 4 or stay put .
go to the Supercuts but avoid Meeting Street Cafe if you reached to the Supercuts then you can head to Meeting Street Cafe or stay put .
go to the West House but avoid Second Time Around if you reached to the West House then you can head to Second Time Around or stay put .
go to the East Side Station Post Office but avoid New Pembroke 4 if you reached to the East Side Station Post Office then you can head to New Pembroke 4 or stay put .
go to the West House but avoid Sidney Frank Hall if you reached to the West House then you can head to Sidney Frank Hall or stay put .
go to the Biomedical Center but avoid West House if you reached to the Biomedical Center then you can head to West House or stay put .
go to the Smith Buonanno Hall but avoid Granoff Center if you reached to the Smith Buonanno Hall then you can head to Granoff Center or stay put .
go to the Blue State Coffee but avoid Champlin Hall if you reached to the Blue State Coffee then you can head to Champlin Hall or stay put .
go to the Blue State Coffee but avoid New Pembroke 2 if you reached to the Blue State Coffee then you can head to New Pembroke 2 or stay put .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall but avoid West House if you reached to the Sidney Frank Hall then you can head to West House or stay put .
avoid Granoff Center until going to the Andrews Terrace .
avoid Berk's;Shanghai until going to the Thayer and Meeting .
avoid New Pembroke 2 until going to the Emery & Wooley .
avoid Blue State Coffee until going to the College Hill Bookstore .
avoid Berk's;Shanghai until going to the Pembroke Park .
avoid 111 Brown Street North House until going to the Pleasant Surprises .
avoid Morriss Hall until going to the Sidney Frank Hall .
avoid Soban until going to the Alumnae Hall .
avoid Berk's;Shanghai until going to the New Pembroke 1 .
avoid Metcalf Hall until going to the Champlin Hall .
avoid Supercuts until going to the Meeting Street Cafe .
avoid Emery & Wooley until going to the Pembroke Hall .
go to the New Pembroke 1 before going to Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall before going to Facing Thayer .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall before going to Morriss Hall .
go to the Andrews Hall before going to Pembroke Park .
go to the Thayer and Cushing before going to West House .
go to the New Pembroke 3 before going to West House .
go to the Brown University Bookstore before going to New Pembroke 2 .
go to the Emery Hall before going to New Pembroke 3 .
go to the Miller Hall before going to Peter Green House .
go to the Biomedical Center before going to Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to the New Pembroke 1 before going to Emery Hall .
from the College Hill Bookstore , navigate to Soban .
from the West House , navigate to Salon Persia .
from the Avon Cinema , navigate to Thayer and Meeting .
from the New Pembroke 4 , navigate to Soban .
from the Supercuts , navigate to New Pembroke 2 .
from the Second Time Around , navigate to Thayer and Cushing .
from the Miller Hall , navigate to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
from the J. R. Workman Garden , navigate to Sharpe House .
from the Andrews Hall , navigate to Granoff Center .
always pass through the blue room to get to landmark 2 .
always pass through the blue room to get to landmark 2 .
always pass through the blue room to get to landmark 2 .
go from New Pembroke 4 to Sidney Frank Hall .
go from Emery & Wooley to Andrews Hall .
go from New Pembroke 1 to Berk's;Shanghai .
go from New Pembroke 3 to J. R. Workman Garden .
go from Sidney Frank Hall to Andrews Hall .
go from Berk's;Shanghai to New Pembroke 1 .
go from New Pembroke 3 to New Pembroke 4 .
go from Peter Green House to College Hill Bookstore .
go from West House to Granoff Center .
go from Sidney Frank Hall to Granoff Center .
go from Soban to Facing Thayer .
go from Morriss Hall to Brown University Bookstore .
go from Meeting Street Cafe to Pembroke Park .
go from Smith Buonanno Hall to Supercuts .
go from Salon Persia to Meeting Street Cafe .
move to Andrews Hall from the Pembroke Park .
move to Smith Buonanno Hall from the Emery & Wooley .
move to Peter Green House from the East Side Station Post Office .
move to 164 Angel from the West House .
move to Miller Hall from the Facing Thayer .
move to Pembroke Hall from the 111 Brown Street North House .
move to Soban from the J. R. Workman Garden .
move to West House from the Brown University Bookstore .
move to New Pembroke 4 from the 111 Brown Street North House .
go through the Second Time Around to Emery & Wooley .
go through the Emery & Wooley to Emery Hall .
go through the Supercuts to Berk's;Shanghai .
go through the Emery Hall to Berk's;Shanghai .
go through the Second Time Around to Salon Persia .
go through the Soban to Miller Hall .
go through the Miller Hall to Berk's;Shanghai .
go through the Granoff Center to Alumnae Hall .
go through the Soban to Spiritus Fermenti .
go through the Second Time Around to Thayer and Cushing .
go through the Berk's;Shanghai to Meeting Street Cafe .
go through the 219 Bowen to Verney-Woolley Hall .
go through the New Pembroke 2 to Pleasant Surprises .
from the J. R. Workman Garden go to Salon Persia .
from the West House go to Sharpe House .
from the Pembroke Hall go to Smith Buonanno Hall .
from the East Side Station Post Office go to CVS .
from the Alumnae Hall go to Metcalf Hall .
from the West House go to Salon Persia .
from the Pleasant Surprises go to Sharpe House .
from the Salon Persia go to Sharpe House .
from the Brown University Bookstore go to Peter Green House .
from the Sidney Frank Hall go to Blue State Coffee .
from the 164 Angel go to New Pembroke 1 .
go from the College Hill Bookstore to Sidney Frank Hall
go from the Pembroke Park to Miller Hall
go from the Granoff Center to Thayer and Meeting
go from the Metcalf Hall to New Pembroke 1
go from the Blue State Coffee to Andreas
go from the Metcalf Hall to New Pembroke 3
go from the Soban to Biomedical Center
go from the Thayer and Cushing to 164 Angel
go from the New Pembroke 3 to Metcalf Hall
go from the Pembroke Hall to 219 Bowen
go to landmark 2 passing through the blue room .
go to landmark 2 passing through the blue room .
go to landmark 2 passing through the blue room .
always avoid going through landmark 2
always avoid going through landmark 2
go through the Facing Thayer to J. R. Workman Garden .
go through the Avon Cinema to Meeting Street Cafe .
go through the New Pembroke 1 to Emery & Wooley .
go through the Sidney Frank Hall to Miller Hall .
go through the New Pembroke 4 to Emery Hall .
go through the Sidney Frank Hall to New Pembroke 1 .
go through the New Pembroke 1 to West House .
go through the Andrews Hall to New Pembroke 3 .
go through the West House to College Hill Bookstore .
go through the Brown University Bookstore to Salon Persia .
go through the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building to College Hill Bookstore .
go through the Emery Hall to Emery & Wooley .
go to Facing Thayer through the New Pembroke 2
go to Smith Buonanno Hall through the Avon Cinema
go to Sharpe House through the Champlin Hall
go to Miller Hall through the Emery & Wooley
go to Peter Green House through the 219 Bowen
go to Hillel House through the Champlin Hall
go to Avon Cinema through the Metcalf Hall
go to Andrews Terrace through the Pembroke Park
go to Smith Buonanno Hall through the Thayer and Meeting
go to Supercuts through the East Side Station Post Office .
go to Biomedical Center through the Andrews Terrace .
go to Berk's;Shanghai through the West House .
go to CVS through the Meeting Street Cafe .
go to Andreas through the Pleasant Surprises .
go to Miller Hall through the Biomedical Center .
go to Pleasant Surprises through the 219 Bowen .
go to Pleasant Surprises through the New Pembroke 2 .
go to Biomedical Center through the CVS .
go to 164 Angel through the East Side Station Post Office .
go to CVS through the Metcalf Hall .
go to Biomedical Center through the Soban .
go to Meeting Street Cafe through the 164 Angel .
go to New Pembroke 1 through the Soban .
start on the Alumnae Hall and move directly to Metcalf Hall .
start on the Facing Thayer and move directly to Salon Persia .
start on the Hillel House and move directly to Alumnae Hall .
start on the New Pembroke 2 and move directly to Blue State Coffee .
start on the New Pembroke 2 and move directly to Berk's;Shanghai .
start on the Pembroke Hall and move directly to Pleasant Surprises .
start on the Miller Hall and move directly to New Pembroke 2 .
start on the Emery Hall and move directly to West House .
start on the West House and move directly to Berk's;Shanghai .
start on the West House and move directly to Avon Cinema .
start on the CVS and move directly to Thayer and Cushing .
go to the Champlin Hall and then to Supercuts .
go to the East Side Station Post Office and then to Meeting Street Cafe .
go to the Biomedical Center and then to Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to the Spiritus Fermenti and then to 219 Bowen .
go to the Second Time Around and then to Peter Green House .
go to the Salon Persia and then to Supercuts .
go to the Biomedical Center and then to Andrews Hall .
go to the West House and then to Champlin Hall .
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall and then to Sharpe House .
go to the J. R. Workman Garden and then to Blue State Coffee .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall and then to Pembroke Hall .
go to the Andrews Hall and then to Andrews Terrace .
go to orange room then go to landmark 2 .
go to orange room then go to landmark 2 .
go to Salon Persia through the CVS .
go to Smith Buonanno Hall through the New Pembroke 4 .
go to Andrews Terrace through the Brown University Bookstore .
go to Andrews Hall through the Morriss Hall .
go to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building through the Soban .
go to Metcalf Hall through the Pembroke Park .
go to Pembroke Park through the West House .
go to Smith Buonanno Hall through the Granoff Center .
go to Sharpe House through the Morriss Hall .
go to Sidney Frank Hall through the New Pembroke 2 .
go to Spiritus Fermenti through the Soban .
go to New Pembroke 3 through the Andrews Terrace .
go to Sidney Frank Hall by first visiting the New Pembroke 1 .
go to Sidney Frank Hall by first visiting the East Side Station Post Office .
go to Miller Hall by first visiting the 164 Angel .
go to Emery Hall by first visiting the Second Time Around .
go to New Pembroke 4 by first visiting the Emery Hall .
go to New Pembroke 2 by first visiting the West House .
go to Blue State Coffee by first visiting the Biomedical Center .
go to Soban by first visiting the Emery Hall .
go to Emery Hall by first visiting the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to Thayer and Cushing by first visiting the Morriss Hall .
always avoid going through landmark 2
always avoid going through landmark 2
go to the East Side Station Post Office , then go to West House .
go to the Berk's;Shanghai , then go to J. R. Workman Garden .
go to the Avon Cinema , then go to Spiritus Fermenti .
go to the Avon Cinema , then go to Supercuts .
go to the Biomedical Center , then go to Alumnae Hall .
go to the Thayer and Meeting , then go to West House .
go to the Alumnae Hall , then go to Spiritus Fermenti .
go to the Thayer and Cushing , then go to Meeting Street Cafe .
go to the J. R. Workman Garden , then go to Champlin Hall .
go to the Facing Thayer , then go to Biomedical Center .
go to Emery Hall via the Pleasant Surprises .
go to West House via the Berk's;Shanghai .
go to New Pembroke 4 via the Granoff Center .
go to Avon Cinema via the Andrews Hall .
go to New Pembroke 3 via the Sharpe House .
go to Andreas via the Blue State Coffee .
go to New Pembroke 1 via the Alumnae Hall .
go to Spiritus Fermenti via the Sharpe House .
go to Thayer and Cushing via the Peter Green House .
go to Granoff Center via the Metcalf Hall .
go to Soban via the Pembroke Park .
go to New Pembroke 1 via the New Pembroke 3 .
go to New Pembroke 4 via the Avon Cinema .
go to Smith Buonanno Hall via the Emery Hall .
go to Peter Green House via the Meeting Street Cafe .
go to the Second Time Around before going to Pembroke Park .
go to the Thayer and Meeting before going to East Side Station Post Office .
go to the Metcalf Hall before going to Salon Persia .
go to the Blue State Coffee before going to Second Time Around .
go to the Andrews Hall before going to Spiritus Fermenti .
go to the Pembroke Park before going to East Side Station Post Office .
go to the Morriss Hall before going to Thayer and Meeting .
go to the East Side Station Post Office before going to Emery Hall .
go to the East Side Station Post Office before going to Emery & Wooley .
go to the Blue State Coffee before going to New Pembroke 1 .
go to the Supercuts before going to Metcalf Hall .
go to the Pembroke Hall before going to Spiritus Fermenti .
go to the College Hill Bookstore before going to New Pembroke 4 .
go to the Hillel House before going to Andreas .
go to West House through the Spiritus Fermenti .
go to Blue State Coffee through the East Side Station Post Office .
go to Second Time Around through the Sharpe House .
go to Verney-Woolley Hall through the College Hill Bookstore .
go to Verney-Woolley Hall through the New Pembroke 2 .
go to Thayer and Cushing through the Pembroke Park .
go to Salon Persia through the Biomedical Center .
go to College Hill Bookstore through the New Pembroke 3 .
go to Spiritus Fermenti through the CVS .
go to New Pembroke 3 through the Pembroke Park .
go to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building through the Metcalf Hall .
go to Peter Green House through the Thayer and Cushing .
go to Metcalf Hall through the New Pembroke 2 .
go to Pembroke Park through the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to the Peter Green House before going to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to the 164 Angel before going to Peter Green House .
go to the New Pembroke 1 before going to East Side Station Post Office .
go to the West House before going to Thayer and Cushing .
go to the J. R. Workman Garden before going to Emery Hall .
go to the Second Time Around before going to Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the Smith Buonanno Hall before going to Soban .
go to the Hillel House before going to Morriss Hall .
go to the 219 Bowen before going to West House .
go to the Brown University Bookstore before going to Andreas .
go to the Berk's;Shanghai before going to Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the Thayer and Cushing before going to East Side Station Post Office .
go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building before going to Hillel House .
go to the College Hill Bookstore before going to Pleasant Surprises .
go from the West House to Spiritus Fermenti
go from the New Pembroke 2 to Salon Persia
go from the West House to Supercuts
go from the Supercuts to Thayer and Meeting
go from the Second Time Around to New Pembroke 3
go from the Avon Cinema to Andreas
go from the 164 Angel to Hillel House
go from the Hillel House to Verney-Woolley Hall
go from the Second Time Around to Peter Green House
go from the Meeting Street Cafe to Sharpe House
go from the Morriss Hall to 164 Angel
go from the Berk's;Shanghai to Metcalf Hall
go to Pleasant Surprises by first going to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to Berk's;Shanghai by first going to the Avon Cinema .
go to Supercuts by first going to the New Pembroke 3 .
go to Thayer and Cushing by first going to the Biomedical Center .
go to Peter Green House by first going to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to Soban by first going to the East Side Station Post Office .
go to West House by first going to the New Pembroke 4 .
go to Avon Cinema by first going to the Brown University Bookstore .
go to Soban by first going to the Peter Green House .
go to Emery Hall by first going to the Andrews Hall .
go to Second Time Around by first going to the Metcalf Hall .
go to Emery & Wooley by first going to the J. R. Workman Garden .
go to Metcalf Hall by first going to the Emery & Wooley .
go to landmark 2 , but never through it
go to Avon Cinema through the Second Time Around .
go to Emery & Wooley through the 111 Brown Street North House .
go to Second Time Around through the New Pembroke 3 .
go to Meeting Street Cafe through the Peter Green House .
go to Facing Thayer through the 219 Bowen .
go to Smith Buonanno Hall through the College Hill Bookstore .
go to Supercuts through the Salon Persia .
go to New Pembroke 4 through the Biomedical Center .
go to Sidney Frank Hall through the CVS .
go to 164 Angel through the Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to Granoff Center through the Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to East Side Station Post Office through the Soban .
go to Granoff Center through the New Pembroke 1 .
go to 164 Angel through the Berk's;Shanghai .
go to New Pembroke 3 through the East Side Station Post Office .
go to Andrews Terrace through the Soban .
go to Smith Buonanno Hall through the New Pembroke 2 .
go to Emery & Wooley through the College Hill Bookstore .
go to Sharpe House through the College Hill Bookstore .
go to Blue State Coffee through the Spiritus Fermenti .
go to Sharpe House through the Thayer and Meeting .
go to Hillel House through the Emery & Wooley .
go to 219 Bowen through the New Pembroke 2 .
go through the East Side Station Post Office to West House .
go through the Thayer and Meeting to Pleasant Surprises .
go through the Sidney Frank Hall to Facing Thayer .
go through the Emery & Wooley to Blue State Coffee .
go through the Verney-Woolley Hall to New Pembroke 3 .
go through the Morriss Hall to Miller Hall .
go through the J. R. Workman Garden to Champlin Hall .
go through the Metcalf Hall to New Pembroke 4 .
go through the Metcalf Hall to Thayer and Cushing .
go through the West House to Pleasant Surprises .
go through the Pembroke Hall to Blue State Coffee .
avoid the Pleasant Surprises until you go to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
avoid the Sidney Frank Hall until you go to the New Pembroke 4 .
avoid the College Hill Bookstore until you go to the Morriss Hall .
avoid the Thayer and Meeting until you go to the Thayer and Cushing .
avoid the Emery Hall until you go to the Granoff Center .
avoid the Miller Hall until you go to the Berk's;Shanghai .
avoid the Meeting Street Cafe until you go to the Pembroke Hall .
avoid the Andrews Terrace until you go to the West House .
avoid the Sidney Frank Hall until you go to the Andreas .
avoid the Thayer and Meeting until you go to the East Side Station Post Office .
avoid the CVS until you go to the Pembroke Hall .
go to or through the Emery & Wooley always avoid going through the 111 Brown Street North House
go to or through the Supercuts always avoid going through the Soban
go to or through the J. R. Workman Garden always avoid going through the CVS
go to or through the Granoff Center always avoid going through the Emery & Wooley
go to or through the Second Time Around always avoid going through the Emery & Wooley
go to or through the Metcalf Hall always avoid going through the Biomedical Center
go to or through the Hillel House always avoid going through the Spiritus Fermenti
go to or through the Thayer and Cushing always avoid going through the Granoff Center
go to or through the New Pembroke 3 always avoid going through the East Side Station Post Office
go to or through the Soban always avoid going through the Supercuts
go to or through the West House always avoid going through the Sidney Frank Hall
go to or through the Pembroke Hall always avoid going through the Thayer and Meeting
go to or through the Alumnae Hall always avoid going through the J. R. Workman Garden
go to or through the Supercuts always avoid going through the Thayer and Cushing
go to or through the 111 Brown Street North House always avoid going through the J. R. Workman Garden
avoid the West House until you go to the Hillel House .
avoid the 219 Bowen until you go to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
avoid the Pembroke Hall until you go to the Emery & Wooley .
avoid the Soban until you go to the Champlin Hall .
avoid the Emery Hall until you go to the Supercuts .
avoid the 111 Brown Street North House until you go to the Blue State Coffee .
avoid the Granoff Center until you go to the Sharpe House .
avoid the Andreas until you go to the Andrews Hall .
avoid the West House until you go to the Alumnae Hall .
avoid the Thayer and Meeting until you go to the Pleasant Surprises .
avoid the Emery Hall until you go to the Champlin Hall .
avoid the East Side Station Post Office until you go to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
avoid the Emery & Wooley until you go to the West House .
avoid the Morriss Hall until you go to the J. R. Workman Garden .
avoid the Sidney Frank Hall until going to the Hillel House .
avoid the Emery Hall until going to the Spiritus Fermenti .
avoid the New Pembroke 1 until going to the Emery Hall .
avoid the Meeting Street Cafe until going to the Sidney Frank Hall .
avoid the CVS until going to the Hillel House .
avoid the Second Time Around until going to the Pembroke Park .
avoid the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building until going to the Brown University Bookstore .
avoid the Champlin Hall until going to the Soban .
avoid the Pembroke Hall until going to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
avoid the Second Time Around until going to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the Metcalf Hall . if you reached the Metcalf Hall then you may go to the New Pembroke 3 .
go to the CVS . if you reached the CVS then you may go to the East Side Station Post Office .
go to the Thayer and Meeting . if you reached the Thayer and Meeting then you may go to the Avon Cinema .
go to the Biomedical Center . if you reached the Biomedical Center then you may go to the West House .
go to the Peter Green House . if you reached the Peter Green House then you may go to the West House .
go to the Biomedical Center . if you reached the Biomedical Center then you may go to the Spiritus Fermenti .
go to the 111 Brown Street North House . if you reached the 111 Brown Street North House then you may go to the New Pembroke 4 .
go to the Champlin Hall . if you reached the Champlin Hall then you may go to the Sharpe House .
go to the Emery & Wooley . if you reached the Emery & Wooley then you may go to the Andrews Hall .
go to the Facing Thayer . if you reached the Facing Thayer then you may go to the Meeting Street Cafe .
go to the West House . if you reached the West House then you may go to the Champlin Hall .
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall . if you reached the Verney-Woolley Hall then you may go to the Peter Green House .
go to the Biomedical Center . if you reached the Biomedical Center then you may go to the Emery & Wooley .
go to the Brown University Bookstore . if you reached the Brown University Bookstore then you may go to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to the Alumnae Hall but do not go through the Peter Green House first .
go to the Champlin Hall but do not go through the West House first .
go to the College Hill Bookstore but do not go through the Sidney Frank Hall first .
go to the New Pembroke 1 but do not go through the Sidney Frank Hall first .
go to the West House but do not go through the Thayer and Meeting first .
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall but do not go through the Hillel House first .
go to the College Hill Bookstore but do not go through the Andreas first .
go to the 164 Angel but do not go through the Spiritus Fermenti first .
go to the Emery & Wooley but do not go through the Second Time Around first .
go to the Alumnae Hall and then to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the Thayer and Meeting and then to the Biomedical Center .
go to the J. R. Workman Garden and then to the Meeting Street Cafe .
go to the Blue State Coffee and then to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the Soban and then to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to the Thayer and Cushing and then to the Hillel House .
go to the Metcalf Hall and then to the 111 Brown Street North House .
go to the CVS and then to the Berk's;Shanghai .
go to the Biomedical Center and then to the 111 Brown Street North House .
go to the Pembroke Hall and then to the Metcalf Hall .
go to the Thayer and Meeting and then to the College Hill Bookstore .
go to or through the Sharpe House while avoiding going through the Emery Hall
go to or through the Berk's;Shanghai while avoiding going through the 164 Angel
go to or through the Smith Buonanno Hall while avoiding going through the Alumnae Hall
go to or through the Facing Thayer while avoiding going through the New Pembroke 3
go to or through the Emery Hall while avoiding going through the West House
go to or through the Facing Thayer while avoiding going through the Thayer and Cushing
go to or through the Verney-Woolley Hall while avoiding going through the Peter Green House
go to or through the Morriss Hall while avoiding going through the Andrews Hall
go to or through the 111 Brown Street North House while avoiding going through the Pembroke Hall
go to or through the Second Time Around while avoiding going through the Hillel House
go to or through the Emery & Wooley while avoiding going through the Hillel House
go to or through the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building while avoiding going through the Thayer and Meeting
avoid the Emery Hall until you go to the Emery & Wooley .
avoid the Salon Persia until you go to the 111 Brown Street North House .
avoid the 219 Bowen until you go to the New Pembroke 1 .
avoid the Emery Hall until you go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
avoid the J. R. Workman Garden until you go to the Hillel House .
avoid the Pleasant Surprises until you go to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
avoid the Sidney Frank Hall until you go to the Peter Green House .
avoid the 111 Brown Street North House until you go to the Pleasant Surprises .
avoid the Morriss Hall until you go to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
avoid the J. R. Workman Garden until you go to the Metcalf Hall .
avoid the East Side Station Post Office until you go to the Second Time Around .
avoid the Facing Thayer until you go to the East Side Station Post Office .
avoid the Emery Hall until you go to the Granoff Center .
avoid the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building until you go to the Spiritus Fermenti .
avoid the Sidney Frank Hall until you go to the Alumnae Hall .
avoid the Berk's;Shanghai until you go to the Metcalf Hall .
avoid the Berk's;Shanghai until you go to the Avon Cinema .
avoid the West House until you go to the Facing Thayer .
avoid the Thayer and Cushing until you go to the Metcalf Hall .
avoid the Thayer and Meeting until you go to the Granoff Center .
avoid the J. R. Workman Garden and go to the New Pembroke 2 . if you reached the New Pembroke 2 then you may go to the J. R. Workman Garden , or just stay on the New Pembroke 2 .
avoid the New Pembroke 4 and go to the Peter Green House . if you reached the Peter Green House then you may go to the New Pembroke 4 , or just stay on the Peter Green House .
avoid the New Pembroke 2 and go to the Salon Persia . if you reached the Salon Persia then you may go to the New Pembroke 2 , or just stay on the Salon Persia .
avoid the Second Time Around and go to the Emery Hall . if you reached the Emery Hall then you may go to the Second Time Around , or just stay on the Emery Hall .
avoid the Spiritus Fermenti and go to the Andreas . if you reached the Andreas then you may go to the Spiritus Fermenti , or just stay on the Andreas .
avoid the Pembroke Hall and go to the Miller Hall . if you reached the Miller Hall then you may go to the Pembroke Hall , or just stay on the Miller Hall .
avoid the Champlin Hall and go to the Verney-Woolley Hall . if you reached the Verney-Woolley Hall then you may go to the Champlin Hall , or just stay on the Verney-Woolley Hall .
avoid the Emery & Wooley and go to the Granoff Center . if you reached the Granoff Center then you may go to the Emery & Wooley , or just stay on the Granoff Center .
avoid the Champlin Hall and go to the Thayer and Meeting . if you reached the Thayer and Meeting then you may go to the Champlin Hall , or just stay on the Thayer and Meeting .
avoid the New Pembroke 2 and go to the East Side Station Post Office . if you reached the East Side Station Post Office then you may go to the New Pembroke 2 , or just stay on the East Side Station Post Office .
avoid the Emery Hall and go to the Morriss Hall . if you reached the Morriss Hall then you may go to the Emery Hall , or just stay on the Morriss Hall .
avoid the 219 Bowen and go to the Andrews Terrace . if you reached the Andrews Terrace then you may go to the 219 Bowen , or just stay on the Andrews Terrace .
avoid the Andreas and go to the Miller Hall . if you reached the Miller Hall then you may go to the Andreas , or just stay on the Miller Hall .
avoid the Soban and go to the West House . if you reached the West House then you may go to the Soban , or just stay on the West House .
avoid the Biomedical Center and go to the Granoff Center . if you reached the Granoff Center then you may go to the Biomedical Center , or just stay on the Granoff Center .
go to the Peter Green House through Avon Cinema .
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall through Andreas .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall through New Pembroke 1 .
go to the Metcalf Hall through Andrews Hall .
go to the East Side Station Post Office through Soban .
go to the West House through Spiritus Fermenti .
go to the Emery Hall through West House .
go to the Berk's;Shanghai through Champlin Hall .
go to the Smith Buonanno Hall through 219 Bowen .
go to the Emery & Wooley through Supercuts .
go to the Meeting Street Cafe through Berk's;Shanghai .
avoid the Meeting Street Cafe until you navigate to the Thayer and Meeting .
avoid the Meeting Street Cafe until you navigate to the New Pembroke 2 .
avoid the Supercuts until you navigate to the Pembroke Park .
avoid the New Pembroke 1 until you navigate to the Sharpe House .
avoid the Peter Green House until you navigate to the New Pembroke 2 .
avoid the Second Time Around until you navigate to the Andreas .
avoid the Sharpe House until you navigate to the West House .
avoid the Andrews Hall until you navigate to the Meeting Street Cafe .
avoid the West House until you navigate to the Andrews Hall .
avoid the West House until you navigate to the Avon Cinema .
go to or through the Thayer and Cushing always avoid going through the Biomedical Center
go to or through the Brown University Bookstore always avoid going through the Andreas
go to or through the Miller Hall always avoid going through the Thayer and Meeting
go to or through the Emery Hall always avoid going through the New Pembroke 4
go to or through the 111 Brown Street North House always avoid going through the Emery & Wooley
go to or through the New Pembroke 2 always avoid going through the Hillel House
go to or through the Pembroke Park always avoid going through the CVS
go to or through the Thayer and Meeting always avoid going through the Sidney Frank Hall
go to or through the Meeting Street Cafe always avoid going through the Salon Persia
go to or through the New Pembroke 2 always avoid going through the Metcalf Hall
go to or through the Salon Persia always avoid going through the Andrews Terrace
go to or through the Blue State Coffee always avoid going through the CVS
go to or through the East Side Station Post Office always avoid going through the Facing Thayer
go to or through the West House always avoid going through the Alumnae Hall
avoid the Meeting Street Cafe until after going to the Hillel House .
avoid the Metcalf Hall until after going to the West House .
avoid the East Side Station Post Office until after going to the Sidney Frank Hall .
avoid the Salon Persia until after going to the Pembroke Park .
avoid the New Pembroke 3 until after going to the 219 Bowen .
avoid the Smith Buonanno Hall until after going to the Blue State Coffee .
avoid the Second Time Around until after going to the Granoff Center .
avoid the East Side Station Post Office until after going to the College Hill Bookstore .
avoid the Peter Green House until after going to the Alumnae Hall .
avoid the Avon Cinema until after going to the 111 Brown Street North House .
avoid the Meeting Street Cafe until after going to the Hillel House .
go to the 111 Brown Street North House without going through the Facing Thayer . if you reached the 111 Brown Street North House then you can go to the Facing Thayer , or be done .
go to the 219 Bowen without going through the West House . if you reached the 219 Bowen then you can go to the West House , or be done .
go to the 164 Angel without going through the Verney-Woolley Hall . if you reached the 164 Angel then you can go to the Verney-Woolley Hall , or be done .
go to the Avon Cinema without going through the Alumnae Hall . if you reached the Avon Cinema then you can go to the Alumnae Hall , or be done .
go to the Smith Buonanno Hall without going through the Second Time Around . if you reached the Smith Buonanno Hall then you can go to the Second Time Around , or be done .
go to the Sharpe House without going through the New Pembroke 2 . if you reached the Sharpe House then you can go to the New Pembroke 2 , or be done .
go to the Salon Persia without going through the Thayer and Meeting . if you reached the Salon Persia then you can go to the Thayer and Meeting , or be done .
go to the Hillel House without going through the Supercuts . if you reached the Hillel House then you can go to the Supercuts , or be done .
go to the Spiritus Fermenti without going through the Thayer and Meeting . if you reached the Spiritus Fermenti then you can go to the Thayer and Meeting , or be done .
go to the Champlin Hall without going through the Morriss Hall . if you reached the Champlin Hall then you can go to the Morriss Hall , or be done .
go to the College Hill Bookstore without going through the Blue State Coffee . if you reached the College Hill Bookstore then you can go to the Blue State Coffee , or be done .
avoid the Sidney Frank Hall until going to the New Pembroke 1 .
avoid the New Pembroke 3 until going to the Peter Green House .
avoid the Pembroke Park until going to the Hillel House .
avoid the New Pembroke 1 until going to the Facing Thayer .
avoid the Blue State Coffee until going to the CVS .
avoid the Emery Hall until going to the Metcalf Hall .
avoid the Andreas until going to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
avoid the Andrews Hall until going to the Hillel House .
avoid the Second Time Around until going to the Hillel House .
avoid the Andreas until going to the Spiritus Fermenti .
avoid the Metcalf Hall until going to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
avoid the Soban until going to the Peter Green House .
avoid the Facing Thayer until going to the 111 Brown Street North House .
avoid the Peter Green House until going to the East Side Station Post Office .
avoid the Soban until going to the College Hill Bookstore .
avoid the 111 Brown Street North House before you navigate to the New Pembroke 1 .
avoid the Miller Hall before you navigate to the Soban .
avoid the Salon Persia before you navigate to the Alumnae Hall .
avoid the Biomedical Center before you navigate to the Champlin Hall .
avoid the Pembroke Park before you navigate to the Brown University Bookstore .
avoid the Alumnae Hall before you navigate to the Soban .
avoid the West House before you navigate to the Thayer and Meeting .
avoid the West House before you navigate to the Emery & Wooley .
avoid the J. R. Workman Garden before you navigate to the Granoff Center .
avoid the 111 Brown Street North House before you navigate to the Spiritus Fermenti .
avoid the 219 Bowen until you navigate to the Andrews Terrace .
avoid the Biomedical Center until you navigate to the New Pembroke 2 .
avoid the New Pembroke 3 until you navigate to the 111 Brown Street North House .
avoid the Pleasant Surprises until you navigate to the Thayer and Cushing .
avoid the J. R. Workman Garden until you navigate to the Thayer and Cushing .
avoid the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building until you navigate to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
avoid the Champlin Hall until you navigate to the Morriss Hall .
avoid the East Side Station Post Office until you navigate to the Avon Cinema .
avoid the Andrews Terrace until you navigate to the Pleasant Surprises .
go to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building before going to Second Time Around .
go to Avon Cinema before going to Biomedical Center .
go to Hillel House before going to Thayer and Meeting .
go to West House before going to Alumnae Hall .
go to Sharpe House before going to Morriss Hall .
go to Berk's;Shanghai before going to Thayer and Meeting .
go to New Pembroke 2 before going to Metcalf Hall .
go to Sidney Frank Hall before going to Spiritus Fermenti .
go to Avon Cinema before going to College Hill Bookstore .
go to West House before going to Thayer and Meeting .
go to Berk's;Shanghai before going to Andreas .
go to College Hill Bookstore before going to Berk's;Shanghai .
go to Thayer and Cushing before going to Morriss Hall .
go to Champlin Hall before going to Supercuts .
go to 111 Brown Street North House before going to East Side Station Post Office .
go to or through the Soban always avoid going through the West House
go to or through the Emery & Wooley always avoid going through the Andreas
go to or through the College Hill Bookstore always avoid going through the Smith Buonanno Hall
go to or through the Spiritus Fermenti always avoid going through the Verney-Woolley Hall
go to or through the Soban always avoid going through the Thayer and Meeting
go to or through the New Pembroke 3 always avoid going through the Sidney Frank Hall
go to or through the 219 Bowen always avoid going through the West House
go to or through the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building always avoid going through the 164 Angel
go to or through the Hillel House always avoid going through the Andrews Terrace
go to or through the Supercuts always avoid going through the Hillel House
go to or through the Andreas always avoid going through the CVS
go to or through the CVS always avoid going through the New Pembroke 2
go to or through the New Pembroke 3 always avoid going through the Avon Cinema
go to or through the Champlin Hall always avoid going through the Peter Green House
go to or through the Second Time Around always avoid going through the West House
avoid the Alumnae Hall until going to the 219 Bowen .
avoid the Meeting Street Cafe until going to the Andrews Terrace .
avoid the Alumnae Hall until going to the Morriss Hall .
avoid the New Pembroke 4 until going to the Supercuts .
avoid the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building until going to the J. R. Workman Garden .
avoid the Pembroke Hall until going to the Andrews Terrace .
avoid the Blue State Coffee until going to the College Hill Bookstore .
avoid the College Hill Bookstore until going to the West House .
avoid the Soban until going to the Peter Green House .
avoid the Emery & Wooley until going to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
avoid the Andreas until going to the Brown University Bookstore .
avoid the College Hill Bookstore until going to the Berk's;Shanghai .
avoid the CVS until going to the Emery & Wooley .
avoid the Berk's;Shanghai until going to the Miller Hall .
avoid the CVS until going to the Facing Thayer .
go to the 111 Brown Street North House avoiding the CVS . if you get to 111 Brown Street North House you can then proceed to the CVS
go to the Thayer and Meeting avoiding the Supercuts . if you get to Thayer and Meeting you can then proceed to the Supercuts
go to the Andrews Hall avoiding the Pembroke Park . if you get to Andrews Hall you can then proceed to the Pembroke Park
go to the Meeting Street Cafe avoiding the Salon Persia . if you get to Meeting Street Cafe you can then proceed to the Salon Persia
go to the CVS avoiding the J. R. Workman Garden . if you get to CVS you can then proceed to the J. R. Workman Garden
go to the Soban avoiding the West House . if you get to Soban you can then proceed to the West House
go to the New Pembroke 4 avoiding the New Pembroke 2 . if you get to New Pembroke 4 you can then proceed to the New Pembroke 2
go to the Brown University Bookstore avoiding the Verney-Woolley Hall . if you get to Brown University Bookstore you can then proceed to the Verney-Woolley Hall
go to the Supercuts avoiding the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building . if you get to Supercuts you can then proceed to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building
go to the Salon Persia avoiding the New Pembroke 3 . if you get to Salon Persia you can then proceed to the New Pembroke 3
go to the CVS avoiding the 164 Angel . if you get to CVS you can then proceed to the 164 Angel
go to the Pembroke Hall avoiding the Hillel House . if you get to Pembroke Hall you can then proceed to the Hillel House
avoid the New Pembroke 4 until going to the Morriss Hall .
avoid the Meeting Street Cafe until going to the Thayer and Cushing .
avoid the New Pembroke 3 until going to the Hillel House .
avoid the Thayer and Cushing until going to the Biomedical Center .
avoid the Brown University Bookstore until going to the Andrews Terrace .
avoid the New Pembroke 4 until going to the Sidney Frank Hall .
avoid the Smith Buonanno Hall until going to the Pleasant Surprises .
avoid the Thayer and Cushing until going to the New Pembroke 2 .
avoid the Sharpe House until going to the New Pembroke 1 .
avoid the Sharpe House until going to the Pembroke Hall .
avoid the Supercuts until going to the Thayer and Meeting .
avoid the Thayer and Meeting until going to the New Pembroke 4 .
avoid the Alumnae Hall until going to the West House .
always avoid going through the Pembroke Park to the Miller Hall
always avoid going through the Salon Persia to the Spiritus Fermenti
always avoid going through the Thayer and Meeting to the West House
always avoid going through the Metcalf Hall to the Pembroke Park
always avoid going through the Blue State Coffee to the Emery & Wooley
always avoid going through the 164 Angel to the West House
always avoid going through the Peter Green House to the Biomedical Center
always avoid going through the Metcalf Hall to the Alumnae Hall
always avoid going through the New Pembroke 4 to the Salon Persia
always avoid going through the Alumnae Hall to the Brown University Bookstore
always avoid going through the East Side Station Post Office to the Alumnae Hall
always avoid going through the Pembroke Hall to the Pleasant Surprises
always avoid going through the 219 Bowen to the Alumnae Hall
always avoid going through the New Pembroke 1 to the Supercuts
go to the Hillel House avoiding the Hillel House . if you reached the Sidney Frank Hall you can stay there , or head to the Hillel House .
go to the 219 Bowen avoiding the 219 Bowen . if you reached the Emery & Wooley you can stay there , or head to the 219 Bowen .
go to the Alumnae Hall avoiding the Alumnae Hall . if you reached the 111 Brown Street North House you can stay there , or head to the Alumnae Hall .
go to the Biomedical Center avoiding the Biomedical Center . if you reached the Smith Buonanno Hall you can stay there , or head to the Biomedical Center .
go to the Spiritus Fermenti avoiding the Spiritus Fermenti . if you reached the Avon Cinema you can stay there , or head to the Spiritus Fermenti .
go to the Morriss Hall avoiding the Morriss Hall . if you reached the Pleasant Surprises you can stay there , or head to the Morriss Hall .
go to the East Side Station Post Office avoiding the East Side Station Post Office . if you reached the 164 Angel you can stay there , or head to the East Side Station Post Office .
go to the Metcalf Hall avoiding the Metcalf Hall . if you reached the West House you can stay there , or head to the Metcalf Hall .
go to the Morriss Hall avoiding the Morriss Hall . if you reached the Andrews Terrace you can stay there , or head to the Morriss Hall .
avoid the Hillel House until you go to the Andrews Terrace .
avoid the New Pembroke 2 until you go to the Supercuts .
avoid the Avon Cinema until you go to the Spiritus Fermenti .
avoid the Brown University Bookstore until you go to the Berk's;Shanghai .
avoid the Thayer and Cushing until you go to the New Pembroke 2 .
avoid the New Pembroke 2 until you go to the Thayer and Meeting .
avoid the Metcalf Hall until you go to the Granoff Center .
avoid the Pembroke Hall until you go to the 111 Brown Street North House .
avoid the Metcalf Hall until you go to the Sidney Frank Hall .
avoid the Andrews Hall until you go to the Emery & Wooley .
avoid the Sidney Frank Hall until you go to the 111 Brown Street North House .
avoid the 164 Angel until reaching the 111 Brown Street North House .
avoid the Alumnae Hall until reaching the Meeting Street Cafe .
avoid the New Pembroke 4 until reaching the Smith Buonanno Hall .
avoid the Pleasant Surprises until reaching the Thayer and Cushing .
avoid the Thayer and Meeting until reaching the New Pembroke 2 .
avoid the Thayer and Meeting until reaching the Champlin Hall .
avoid the 219 Bowen until reaching the Facing Thayer .
avoid the Blue State Coffee until reaching the New Pembroke 4 .
avoid the Andrews Hall until reaching the Blue State Coffee .
avoid the Berk's;Shanghai until reaching the Smith Buonanno Hall .
avoid the Alumnae Hall until reaching the Thayer and Meeting .
avoid the West House until reaching the New Pembroke 4 .
avoid the Andrews Terrace until reaching the Thayer and Cushing .
avoid the Andrews Terrace until reaching the Pleasant Surprises .
avoid Sidney Frank Hall and go to the West House .
avoid Andrews Terrace and go to the New Pembroke 1 .
avoid 219 Bowen and go to the Spiritus Fermenti .
avoid Blue State Coffee and go to the Facing Thayer .
avoid West House and go to the Morriss Hall .
avoid Pleasant Surprises and go to the J. R. Workman Garden .
avoid Hillel House and go to the Meeting Street Cafe .
avoid Alumnae Hall and go to the Blue State Coffee .
avoid Sidney Frank Hall and go to the Meeting Street Cafe .
avoid Champlin Hall and go to the Miller Hall .
avoid Peter Green House and go to the Granoff Center .
avoid Peter Green House and go to the New Pembroke 2 .
avoid Granoff Center and go to the Andrews Hall .
avoid CVS and go to the Andrews Hall .
avoid East Side Station Post Office and go to the New Pembroke 4 .
go to a spot in the 111 Brown Street North House , but do n't touch Facing Thayer .
go to a spot in the Morriss Hall , but do n't touch Biomedical Center .
go to a spot in the 164 Angel , but do n't touch Andrews Hall .
go to a spot in the Emery & Wooley , but do n't touch Thayer and Meeting .
go to a spot in the Miller Hall , but do n't touch Alumnae Hall .
go to a spot in the 111 Brown Street North House , but do n't touch J. R. Workman Garden .
go to a spot in the Spiritus Fermenti , but do n't touch Emery & Wooley .
go to a spot in the Andrews Terrace , but do n't touch Morriss Hall .
go to a spot in the Smith Buonanno Hall , but do n't touch New Pembroke 3 .
go to a spot in the Verney-Woolley Hall , but do n't touch Second Time Around .
go to a spot in the Pembroke Park , but do n't touch Miller Hall .
go to a spot in the Andreas , but do n't touch Blue State Coffee .
go to a spot in the Soban , but do n't touch Thayer and Cushing .
always avoid Emery Hall and go to the Spiritus Fermenti .
always avoid Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building and go to the Andrews Hall .
always avoid Emery & Wooley and go to the 219 Bowen .
always avoid Emery & Wooley and go to the Metcalf Hall .
always avoid Thayer and Cushing and go to the Pembroke Hall .
always avoid Soban and go to the Second Time Around .
always avoid New Pembroke 4 and go to the Sidney Frank Hall .
always avoid Andrews Hall and go to the Hillel House .
always avoid Hillel House and go to the Champlin Hall .
always avoid Smith Buonanno Hall and go to the Pembroke Hall .
always avoid New Pembroke 1 and go to the New Pembroke 2 .
always avoid Salon Persia and navigate to the West House .
always avoid Andreas and navigate to the New Pembroke 4 .
always avoid Miller Hall and navigate to the Sidney Frank Hall .
always avoid College Hill Bookstore and navigate to the Pleasant Surprises .
always avoid Alumnae Hall and navigate to the Thayer and Meeting .
always avoid Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building and navigate to the New Pembroke 4 .
always avoid 111 Brown Street North House and navigate to the New Pembroke 3 .
always avoid Avon Cinema and navigate to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
always avoid Biomedical Center and navigate to the Metcalf Hall .
always avoid Alumnae Hall and navigate to the 111 Brown Street North House .
always avoid Pleasant Surprises and navigate to the Avon Cinema .
always avoid CVS and navigate to the Thayer and Cushing .
always avoid Sidney Frank Hall and navigate to the Granoff Center .
go to landmark 1
avoid New Pembroke 4 and go to the Alumnae Hall .
avoid Supercuts and go to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
avoid Miller Hall and go to the College Hill Bookstore .
avoid Andrews Terrace and go to the Miller Hall .
avoid Miller Hall and go to the Blue State Coffee .
avoid Hillel House and go to the New Pembroke 2 .
avoid Second Time Around and go to the 111 Brown Street North House .
avoid Champlin Hall and go to the Supercuts .
avoid Soban and go to the Miller Hall .
avoid Andrews Hall and go to the Alumnae Hall .
avoid Facing Thayer and go to the Pembroke Hall .
go to the Facing Thayer avoiding 111 Brown Street North House .
go to the Meeting Street Cafe avoiding Avon Cinema .
go to the Champlin Hall avoiding Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to the Emery Hall avoiding Meeting Street Cafe .
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall avoiding 164 Angel .
go to the Pleasant Surprises avoiding 111 Brown Street North House .
go to the Facing Thayer avoiding Champlin Hall .
go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building avoiding Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the Soban avoiding College Hill Bookstore .
go to the New Pembroke 4 avoiding Granoff Center .
go to the CVS avoiding Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to the Hillel House avoiding Pembroke Park .
go to the 111 Brown Street North House avoiding Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall avoiding Andrews Terrace .
go to the Avon Cinema , avoiding Sharpe House .
go to the Emery Hall , avoiding Andrews Terrace .
go to the Spiritus Fermenti , avoiding Granoff Center .
go to the Smith Buonanno Hall , avoiding 164 Angel .
go to the Granoff Center , avoiding Emery Hall .
go to the Supercuts , avoiding Sharpe House .
go to the Berk's;Shanghai , avoiding Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to the Alumnae Hall , avoiding Meeting Street Cafe .
go to the Biomedical Center , avoiding Thayer and Meeting .
go to the Emery & Wooley , avoiding Thayer and Meeting .
go to the Emery Hall , avoiding Alumnae Hall .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall , avoiding Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the Supercuts , avoiding Andreas .
always avoid Emery Hall and navigate to the New Pembroke 1 .
always avoid Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building and navigate to the Andreas .
always avoid West House and navigate to the Granoff Center .
always avoid Emery & Wooley and navigate to the Sharpe House .
always avoid Verney-Woolley Hall and navigate to the Metcalf Hall .
always avoid Second Time Around and navigate to the Emery & Wooley .
always avoid West House and navigate to the Facing Thayer .
always avoid Biomedical Center and navigate to the New Pembroke 4 .
always avoid Meeting Street Cafe and navigate to the J. R. Workman Garden .
always avoid Soban and navigate to the Thayer and Cushing .
go to the 164 Angel while avoiding 111 Brown Street North House
go to the Pleasant Surprises while avoiding Alumnae Hall
go to the Spiritus Fermenti while avoiding Andrews Hall
go to the Pembroke Hall while avoiding Avon Cinema
go to the Pembroke Hall while avoiding Verney-Woolley Hall
go to the Sharpe House while avoiding Metcalf Hall
go to the Sidney Frank Hall while avoiding Andreas
go to the West House while avoiding Avon Cinema
go to the Sidney Frank Hall while avoiding Pembroke Park
go to the Morriss Hall while avoiding Sharpe House
go to the West House while avoiding Supercuts
go to the East Side Station Post Office while avoiding Morriss Hall
go to the Supercuts while avoiding Second Time Around .
go to the Miller Hall while avoiding Thayer and Cushing .
go to the College Hill Bookstore while avoiding Facing Thayer .
go to the Pleasant Surprises while avoiding Second Time Around .
go to the Facing Thayer while avoiding Miller Hall .
go to the 219 Bowen while avoiding New Pembroke 1 .
go to the Pembroke Hall while avoiding Morriss Hall .
go to the Granoff Center while avoiding Soban .
go to the Avon Cinema while avoiding 219 Bowen .
avoid 219 Bowen while going to the New Pembroke 3 .
avoid Morriss Hall while going to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
avoid New Pembroke 3 while going to the Soban .
avoid Second Time Around while going to the Miller Hall .
avoid J. R. Workman Garden while going to the Second Time Around .
avoid New Pembroke 2 while going to the Soban .
avoid Second Time Around while going to the West House .
avoid New Pembroke 1 while going to the Morriss Hall .
avoid New Pembroke 1 while going to the Second Time Around .
avoid Emery Hall and go to the Salon Persia .
avoid CVS and go to the Emery Hall .
avoid Verney-Woolley Hall and go to the Pembroke Park .
avoid Metcalf Hall and go to the Peter Green House .
avoid West House and go to the Alumnae Hall .
avoid Thayer and Cushing and go to the Blue State Coffee .
avoid Thayer and Meeting and go to the Hillel House .
avoid New Pembroke 2 and go to the Pembroke Hall .
avoid West House and go to the Sharpe House .
avoid Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building and go to the Hillel House .
avoid New Pembroke 1 and go to the New Pembroke 4 .
avoid Andrews Hall and go to the Emery & Wooley .
avoid New Pembroke 2 and go to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
avoid New Pembroke 1 and go to the Hillel House .
avoid New Pembroke 1 and go to the Thayer and Meeting .
avoid Champlin Hall and go to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
avoid Andreas and go to the Andrews Hall .
avoid Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building and go to the Andrews Terrace .
avoid Second Time Around and go to the Sharpe House .
avoid Peter Green House and go to the Emery & Wooley .
avoid West House and go to the Andrews Hall .
avoid 164 Angel and go to the Emery & Wooley .
avoid Miller Hall and go to the Emery Hall .
avoid Salon Persia and go to the Pembroke Hall .
avoid 164 Angel and go to the Brown University Bookstore .
avoid Pembroke Hall and go to the Avon Cinema .
avoid West House and go to the Brown University Bookstore .
avoid New Pembroke 1 and go to the Emery & Wooley .
avoid Hillel House and go to the Granoff Center .
avoid Facing Thayer and go to the Pembroke Park .
avoid Pembroke Park and go to the Sidney Frank Hall .
avoid 111 Brown Street North House and go to the Peter Green House .
avoid J. R. Workman Garden and go to the Morriss Hall .
avoid Verney-Woolley Hall and go to the Andrews Terrace .
avoid Salon Persia and go to the Supercuts .
go to the Sharpe House without touching Spiritus Fermenti .
go to the Andrews Terrace without touching Morriss Hall .
go to the Blue State Coffee without touching Morriss Hall .
go to the Biomedical Center without touching Andrews Terrace .
go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building without touching Andreas .
go to the Andrews Terrace without touching West House .
go to the New Pembroke 1 without touching Pleasant Surprises .
go to the Thayer and Meeting without touching Andreas .
go to the 111 Brown Street North House without touching Emery & Wooley .
go to the New Pembroke 2 without touching New Pembroke 4 .
go to the Thayer and Cushing without touching Spiritus Fermenti .
go to the Pleasant Surprises without touching Granoff Center .
go to the Second Time Around without touching 219 Bowen .
go to the 219 Bowen without touching Pleasant Surprises .
go to the West House without touching Granoff Center .
avoid Pembroke Park on your way to the 164 Angel .
avoid Biomedical Center on your way to the Sidney Frank Hall .
avoid Biomedical Center on your way to the Thayer and Meeting .
avoid Andrews Terrace on your way to the J. R. Workman Garden .
avoid Salon Persia on your way to the Thayer and Meeting .
avoid Thayer and Meeting on your way to the Champlin Hall .
avoid Biomedical Center on your way to the Soban .
avoid Soban on your way to the Second Time Around .
avoid 111 Brown Street North House on your way to the Soban .
avoid Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building on your way to the 219 Bowen .
go to the Sharpe House while always avoiding Andrews Hall
go to the Sidney Frank Hall while always avoiding New Pembroke 4
go to the Facing Thayer while always avoiding Avon Cinema
go to the West House while always avoiding New Pembroke 4
go to the Spiritus Fermenti while always avoiding J. R. Workman Garden
go to the Peter Green House while always avoiding 164 Angel
go to the Facing Thayer while always avoiding New Pembroke 3
go to the New Pembroke 2 while always avoiding Hillel House
go to the Andreas while always avoiding Supercuts
go to the East Side Station Post Office while always avoiding Miller Hall
go to the Meeting Street Cafe while always avoiding Second Time Around
go to the Emery & Wooley while always avoiding East Side Station Post Office
go to the New Pembroke 3 avoiding Blue State Coffee .
go to the Pleasant Surprises avoiding Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall avoiding New Pembroke 4 .
go to the J. R. Workman Garden avoiding Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to the Pleasant Surprises avoiding J. R. Workman Garden .
go to the Emery Hall avoiding Granoff Center .
go to the West House avoiding Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the CVS avoiding Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to the Emery Hall avoiding Spiritus Fermenti .
go to the Berk's;Shanghai avoiding West House .
head to the Pembroke Park avoiding Blue State Coffee .
head to the New Pembroke 1 avoiding Salon Persia .
head to the Sidney Frank Hall avoiding Pembroke Park .
head to the Sidney Frank Hall avoiding Second Time Around .
head to the Emery & Wooley avoiding New Pembroke 2 .
head to the 219 Bowen avoiding Thayer and Meeting .
head to the Pembroke Park avoiding Facing Thayer .
head to the Emery & Wooley avoiding Pembroke Hall .
head to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building avoiding West House .
head to the Thayer and Cushing avoiding Salon Persia .
head to the Peter Green House avoiding West House .
go to the Champlin Hall and avoid Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to the Salon Persia and avoid Andreas .
go to the East Side Station Post Office and avoid Berk's;Shanghai .
go to the Pembroke Park and avoid Champlin Hall .
go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building and avoid Second Time Around .
go to the Thayer and Cushing and avoid Morriss Hall .
go to the Hillel House and avoid Miller Hall .
go to the Granoff Center and avoid Andrews Hall .
go to the Andrews Hall and avoid Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the Brown University Bookstore and avoid Salon Persia .
go to the Smith Buonanno Hall and avoid Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the Metcalf Hall and avoid West House .
always avoid Thayer and Cushing and go to the Biomedical Center .
always avoid Pembroke Hall and go to the Second Time Around .
always avoid Blue State Coffee and go to the Pembroke Hall .
always avoid Emery & Wooley and go to the Hillel House .
always avoid Emery Hall and go to the West House .
always avoid New Pembroke 2 and go to the 164 Angel .
always avoid Sidney Frank Hall and go to the Andrews Hall .
always avoid Pembroke Park and go to the Thayer and Cushing .
always avoid Peter Green House and go to the Blue State Coffee .
avoid Andrews Hall and go to the Thayer and Meeting .
avoid Smith Buonanno Hall and go to the West House .
avoid Thayer and Meeting and go to the Pleasant Surprises .
avoid Brown University Bookstore and go to the Thayer and Meeting .
avoid Berk's;Shanghai and go to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
avoid Thayer and Meeting and go to the Andreas .
avoid Champlin Hall and go to the Pembroke Park .
avoid East Side Station Post Office and go to the Facing Thayer .
avoid Andreas and go to the Peter Green House .
avoid CVS and go to the Pembroke Hall .
avoid Brown University Bookstore and go to the Berk's;Shanghai .
avoid 219 Bowen and move into the Soban .
avoid East Side Station Post Office and move into the Thayer and Cushing .
avoid Morriss Hall and move into the West House .
avoid Sidney Frank Hall and move into the Miller Hall .
avoid Salon Persia and move into the Berk's;Shanghai .
avoid Thayer and Cushing and move into the J. R. Workman Garden .
avoid Thayer and Meeting and move into the Sidney Frank Hall .
avoid 111 Brown Street North House and move into the Metcalf Hall .
avoid Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building and move into the Second Time Around .
avoid Metcalf Hall and go to the West House .
avoid Emery & Wooley and go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
avoid Berk's;Shanghai and go to the Soban .
avoid Biomedical Center and go to the West House .
avoid West House and go to the College Hill Bookstore .
avoid Andrews Hall and go to the Pleasant Surprises .
avoid Emery & Wooley and go to the Hillel House .
avoid Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building and go to the J. R. Workman Garden .
avoid 111 Brown Street North House and go to the Meeting Street Cafe .
avoid Second Time Around and go to the Thayer and Meeting .
avoid 111 Brown Street North House and go to the Peter Green House .
avoid Champlin Hall and go to the Spiritus Fermenti .
avoid 219 Bowen and go to the Facing Thayer .
avoid Meeting Street Cafe and go to the Sharpe House .
go to the Supercuts while avoiding West House
go to the CVS while avoiding Blue State Coffee
go to the Granoff Center while avoiding 164 Angel
go to the Pleasant Surprises while avoiding Andrews Terrace
go to the Peter Green House while avoiding Avon Cinema
go to the College Hill Bookstore while avoiding Granoff Center
go to the Meeting Street Cafe while avoiding Andrews Hall
go to the Spiritus Fermenti while avoiding Avon Cinema
go to the New Pembroke 2 while avoiding 111 Brown Street North House
go to the Sidney Frank Hall while avoiding Pleasant Surprises
go to the Andreas while avoiding New Pembroke 1
navigate to the 111 Brown Street North House while avoiding Berk's;Shanghai .
navigate to the J. R. Workman Garden while avoiding Sidney Frank Hall .
navigate to the 219 Bowen while avoiding Sharpe House .
navigate to the Sharpe House while avoiding Brown University Bookstore .
navigate to the West House while avoiding 111 Brown Street North House .
navigate to the Pleasant Surprises while avoiding Avon Cinema .
navigate to the New Pembroke 1 while avoiding Avon Cinema .
navigate to the Andrews Terrace while avoiding CVS .
navigate to the Champlin Hall while avoiding Biomedical Center .
navigate to the 111 Brown Street North House while avoiding Avon Cinema .
navigate to the Facing Thayer while avoiding CVS .
navigate to the 111 Brown Street North House while avoiding Verney-Woolley Hall .
navigate to the New Pembroke 2 while avoiding Champlin Hall .
navigate to the Soban while avoiding Sharpe House .
go to the Morriss Hall without going to Soban .
go to the Sharpe House without going to Alumnae Hall .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall without going to Pembroke Park .
go to the Peter Green House without going to West House .
go to the Metcalf Hall without going to Morriss Hall .
go to the Soban without going to West House .
go to the New Pembroke 3 without going to Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the West House without going to 164 Angel .
go to the Spiritus Fermenti without going to Pembroke Hall .
go to the Blue State Coffee without going to New Pembroke 1 .
go to the West House without going to Andreas .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall without going to Champlin Hall .
go to Supercuts
go to New Pembroke 3
go to Second Time Around
go to Thayer and Cushing
go to Granoff Center
go to J. R. Workman Garden
go to Andrews Hall
go to Miller Hall
go to Supercuts
go to the Sidney Frank Hall
go to the Pembroke Park
go to the Hillel House
go to the New Pembroke 1
go to the Berk's;Shanghai
go to the Meeting Street Cafe
go to the Metcalf Hall
go to the Miller Hall
go to the 111 Brown Street North House
go to the Miller Hall
go to the Alumnae Hall
go to the Andreas
go to the Granoff Center .
go to the New Pembroke 4 .
go to the Blue State Coffee .
go to the Andrews Hall .
go to the Avon Cinema .
go to the West House .
go to the Thayer and Meeting .
go to the Andrews Hall .
go to the Hillel House .
go to the 219 Bowen .
go to the Thayer and Meeting .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the Facing Thayer .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall .
move to the Emery & Wooley .
move to the Peter Green House .
move to the Alumnae Hall .
move to the Berk's;Shanghai .
move to the Pembroke Hall .
move to the Andrews Terrace .
move to the Spiritus Fermenti .
move to the Alumnae Hall .
move to the Berk's;Shanghai .
move to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to the Andrews Terrace .
go to the Andreas .
go to the Granoff Center .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the Miller Hall .
go to the Champlin Hall .
go to the Granoff Center .
go to the West House .
go to the Emery & Wooley .
go to the Supercuts .
go to the Granoff Center .
navigate to the Hillel House .
navigate to the Granoff Center .
navigate to the 164 Angel .
navigate to the Alumnae Hall .
navigate to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
navigate to the Pembroke Park .
navigate to the Thayer and Meeting .
navigate to the Pleasant Surprises .
navigate to the Peter Green House .
navigate to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
navigate to the New Pembroke 2 .
navigate to the Supercuts .
navigate to the Thayer and Meeting .
navigate to the 164 Angel .
navigate to the New Pembroke 2 .
navigate to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
navigate to the 164 Angel .
navigate to the CVS .
navigate to the Brown University Bookstore .
navigate to the CVS .
navigate to the College Hill Bookstore .
navigate to the New Pembroke 4 .
navigate to the 111 Brown Street North House .
navigate to the Sidney Frank Hall .
navigate to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to Soban
go to Sidney Frank Hall
go to Brown University Bookstore
go to Granoff Center
go to East Side Station Post Office
go to College Hill Bookstore
go to 219 Bowen
go to Sidney Frank Hall
go to Thayer and Meeting
go to Verney-Woolley Hall
go to Champlin Hall
go to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building
go to the Hillel House .
go to the New Pembroke 1 .
go to the Supercuts .
go to the Andrews Terrace .
go to the Emery Hall .
go to the Sharpe House .
go to the Pembroke Park .
go to the Second Time Around .
go to the Pleasant Surprises .
go to the Supercuts .
go to the New Pembroke 4 .
go to anywhere on the 111 Brown Street North House .
go to anywhere on the New Pembroke 1 .
go to anywhere on the Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to anywhere on the Meeting Street Cafe .
go to anywhere on the Pembroke Hall .
go to anywhere on the Miller Hall .
go to anywhere on the Thayer and Cushing .
go to anywhere on the Granoff Center .
go to anywhere on the Pembroke Hall .
go to anywhere on the Supercuts .
go to anywhere on the Champlin Hall .
go to anywhere on the Andrews Terrace .
go to anywhere on the Andreas .
navigate to the Pleasant Surprises .
navigate to the Facing Thayer .
navigate to the Salon Persia .
navigate to the Spiritus Fermenti .
navigate to the Spiritus Fermenti .
navigate to the Meeting Street Cafe .
navigate to the Emery Hall .
navigate to the Thayer and Cushing .
navigate to the Avon Cinema .
navigate to the Andreas .
go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to the Thayer and Cushing .
go to the CVS .
go to the Second Time Around .
go to the Salon Persia .
go to the 219 Bowen .
go to the Emery & Wooley .
go to the Champlin Hall .
go to the Peter Green House .
go to the Thayer and Meeting .
head to the New Pembroke 4 .
head to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
head to the New Pembroke 1 .
head to the Morriss Hall .
head to the Thayer and Cushing .
head to the CVS .
head to the Hillel House .
head to the J. R. Workman Garden .
head to the West House .
head to the Sharpe House .
head to the New Pembroke 1 .
go to the Blue State Coffee
go to the Peter Green House
go to the Thayer and Cushing
go to the Facing Thayer
go to the New Pembroke 4
go to the Meeting Street Cafe
go to the College Hill Bookstore
go to the 164 Angel
go to the West House
go to the Granoff Center
navigate to the CVS .
navigate to the Emery Hall .
navigate to the Alumnae Hall .
navigate to the Emery & Wooley .
navigate to the J. R. Workman Garden .
navigate to the Peter Green House .
navigate to the Pembroke Park .
navigate to the 164 Angel .
navigate to the Emery Hall .
navigate to the Thayer and Cushing .
navigate to the 111 Brown Street North House .
go to the Berk's;Shanghai .
go to the Andreas .
go to the CVS .
go to the New Pembroke 2 .
go to the Pembroke Park .
go to the College Hill Bookstore .
go to the New Pembroke 3 .
go to the 164 Angel .
go to the Supercuts .
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to the Emery & Wooley .
go to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to the East Side Station Post Office .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the Pleasant Surprises .
go to the West House .
go to the Thayer and Cushing .
go to the Pleasant Surprises .
go to the 111 Brown Street North House .
go to the Biomedical Center .
go to the College Hill Bookstore .
navigate directly to the Hillel House .
navigate directly to the Sidney Frank Hall .
navigate directly to the Biomedical Center .
navigate directly to the Morriss Hall .
navigate directly to the Emery Hall .
navigate directly to the Spiritus Fermenti .
navigate directly to the Sidney Frank Hall .
navigate directly to the New Pembroke 2 .
navigate directly to the Pembroke Park .
navigate directly to the Pleasant Surprises .
navigate directly to the Emery & Wooley .
navigate directly to the College Hill Bookstore .
navigate directly to the Meeting Street Cafe .
navigate directly to the Peter Green House .
go to the Alumnae Hall .
go to the Soban .
go to the Brown University Bookstore .
go to the East Side Station Post Office .
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to the Thayer and Cushing .
go to the Blue State Coffee .
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to the Thayer and Cushing .
go to the J. R. Workman Garden .
go to the Berk's;Shanghai .
go to the Hillel House .
go to the Granoff Center .
go to the West House .
go to the Alumnae Hall
go to the Blue State Coffee
go to the New Pembroke 1
go to the Blue State Coffee
go to the New Pembroke 1
go to the Facing Thayer
go to the New Pembroke 3
go to the CVS
go to the Sidney Frank Hall
go to the College Hill Bookstore .
go to the West House .
go to the Andrews Hall .
go to the Morriss Hall .
go to the New Pembroke 2 .
go to the Sharpe House .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the Supercuts .
go to the Morriss Hall .
go to the Metcalf Hall .
go to the Metcalf Hall
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall
go to the Emery Hall
go to the Spiritus Fermenti
go to the Brown University Bookstore
go to the Biomedical Center
go to the West House
go to the New Pembroke 2
go to the Supercuts
go to the Second Time Around .
go to the Brown University Bookstore .
go to the New Pembroke 4 .
go to the Brown University Bookstore .
go to the New Pembroke 4 .
go to the Champlin Hall .
go to the Biomedical Center .
go to the Berk's;Shanghai .
go to the Thayer and Meeting .
go to the New Pembroke 2
go to the Pleasant Surprises
go to the New Pembroke 2
go to the Facing Thayer
go to the Andreas
go to the West House
go to the Salon Persia
go to the Andrews Terrace
go to the Champlin Hall
go to the Champlin Hall
go to the Biomedical Center
go to the Pembroke Park .
go to the West House .
go to the Supercuts .
go to the Miller Hall .
go to the Soban .
go to the Peter Green House .
go to the Pembroke Park .
go to the CVS .
go to the Emery & Wooley .
move to the Emery & Wooley .
move to the Blue State Coffee .
move to the Sidney Frank Hall .
move to the 219 Bowen .
move to the Salon Persia .
move to the Pembroke Hall .
move to the New Pembroke 3 .
move to the 111 Brown Street North House .
move to the Pleasant Surprises .
move to the Pleasant Surprises .
move to the Pembroke Hall .
move to the West House .
move to the J. R. Workman Garden .
go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building
go to the Supercuts
go to the Soban
go to the Pembroke Park
go to the New Pembroke 2
go to the CVS
go to the Pembroke Hall
go to the J. R. Workman Garden
go to the 111 Brown Street North House
go to the CVS
go to the Brown University Bookstore
navigate to the Avon Cinema .
navigate to the Pembroke Park .
navigate to the Brown University Bookstore .
navigate to the Facing Thayer .
navigate to the Pembroke Park .
navigate to the West House .
navigate to the Brown University Bookstore .
navigate to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
navigate to the Pleasant Surprises .
navigate to the Hillel House .
navigate to the College Hill Bookstore .
navigate to the Metcalf Hall .
go to the New Pembroke 4
go to the Sidney Frank Hall
go to the Morriss Hall
go to the Blue State Coffee
go to the Sidney Frank Hall
go to the Pembroke Hall
go to the Spiritus Fermenti
go to the West House
go to the East Side Station Post Office
go to the Miller Hall .
go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to the Andrews Terrace .
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to the Thayer and Meeting .
go to the 164 Angel .
go to the Pembroke Hall .
go to the Avon Cinema .
go to the Biomedical Center .
go to the Supercuts .
go to the Supercuts .
go through the J. R. Workman Garden to Alumnae Hall .
go through the Meeting Street Cafe to CVS .
go through the Supercuts to Alumnae Hall .
go through the Miller Hall to CVS .
go through the 164 Angel to Pembroke Hall .
go through the Supercuts to Salon Persia .
go through the Andrews Hall to Alumnae Hall .
go through the New Pembroke 2 to J. R. Workman Garden .
go through the Supercuts to Avon Cinema .
go through the Pleasant Surprises to Andrews Hall .
go through the New Pembroke 4 to Second Time Around .
go through the Peter Green House to New Pembroke 2 .
go through the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building to East Side Station Post Office .
go through the New Pembroke 2 to 111 Brown Street North House .
go through the Meeting Street Cafe to West House .
go to the West House and then to Miller Hall .
go to the Soban and then to 111 Brown Street North House .
go to the Avon Cinema and then to Emery & Wooley .
go to the Smith Buonanno Hall and then to Emery & Wooley .
go to the CVS and then to Pembroke Park .
go to the New Pembroke 1 and then to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to the Meeting Street Cafe and then to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to the Brown University Bookstore and then to Hillel House .
go to the Salon Persia and then to Andrews Terrace .
go to the West House and then to Granoff Center .
go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building and then to Emery Hall .
go to the Emery Hall and then to Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the New Pembroke 1 and then to Meeting Street Cafe .
go to the Smith Buonanno Hall and then to Salon Persia .
move to Salon Persia , but travel to the Smith Buonanno Hall first .
move to Meeting Street Cafe , but travel to the Emery Hall first .
move to West House , but travel to the New Pembroke 1 first .
move to J. R. Workman Garden , but travel to the Emery & Wooley first .
move to 164 Angel , but travel to the West House first .
move to Andrews Terrace , but travel to the Smith Buonanno Hall first .
move to New Pembroke 1 , but travel to the Salon Persia first .
move to Second Time Around , but travel to the Soban first .
move to Alumnae Hall , but travel to the Facing Thayer first .
move to New Pembroke 1 , but travel to the Alumnae Hall first .
move to Berk's;Shanghai , but travel to the Emery & Wooley first .
go from the J. R. Workman Garden to 219 Bowen .
go from the Emery & Wooley to New Pembroke 2 .
go from the Miller Hall to Smith Buonanno Hall .
go from the East Side Station Post Office to Peter Green House .
go from the College Hill Bookstore to Pembroke Hall .
go from the Pembroke Hall to Emery & Wooley .
go from the Pembroke Hall to Sidney Frank Hall .
go from the 219 Bowen to Peter Green House .
go from the East Side Station Post Office to Hillel House .
go from the Biomedical Center to Sidney Frank Hall .
go from the Emery Hall to Verney-Woolley Hall .
go from the Sidney Frank Hall to 164 Angel .
go from the Thayer and Meeting to Supercuts .
go from the Smith Buonanno Hall to Andrews Hall .
go to Alumnae Hall through the Salon Persia
go to Smith Buonanno Hall through the Meeting Street Cafe
go to New Pembroke 3 through the Emery & Wooley
go to Blue State Coffee through the J. R. Workman Garden
go to Smith Buonanno Hall through the Pembroke Park
go to Spiritus Fermenti through the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building
go to Avon Cinema through the Meeting Street Cafe
go to East Side Station Post Office through the Sidney Frank Hall
go to Blue State Coffee through the New Pembroke 2
go to Andrews Terrace through the Supercuts
go to CVS through the New Pembroke 3
go to 219 Bowen through the New Pembroke 1
go to Facing Thayer through the College Hill Bookstore
go to Sidney Frank Hall through the J. R. Workman Garden
go to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building through the Biomedical Center
go to 219 Bowen through the Avon Cinema
go to Supercuts through the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building
go to Pembroke Hall through the Verney-Woolley Hall
go to New Pembroke 3 through the Brown University Bookstore
go to Blue State Coffee through the Champlin Hall
go to Pleasant Surprises through the Alumnae Hall
go to Emery Hall through the East Side Station Post Office
go to Soban through the Salon Persia
go to New Pembroke 2 through the Avon Cinema
go to New Pembroke 2 and then to New Pembroke 3
go to College Hill Bookstore and then to Hillel House
go to Hillel House and then to Facing Thayer
go to 164 Angel and then to Pembroke Park
go to Peter Green House and then to Pleasant Surprises
go to Champlin Hall and then to Avon Cinema
go to West House and then to Peter Green House
go to Peter Green House and then to Brown University Bookstore
go to Andrews Hall and then to Andreas
go to Blue State Coffee and then to Sidney Frank Hall
go to Hillel House and then to Smith Buonanno Hall
go through the Morriss Hall to New Pembroke 4 .
go through the Blue State Coffee to Smith Buonanno Hall .
go through the Verney-Woolley Hall to 219 Bowen .
go through the Facing Thayer to Andrews Hall .
go through the Thayer and Cushing to Andreas .
go through the Thayer and Cushing to Second Time Around .
go through the Metcalf Hall to Pembroke Hall .
go through the Facing Thayer to Miller Hall .
go through the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building to CVS .
go through the Sidney Frank Hall to West House .
go through the Spiritus Fermenti to 164 Angel .
go through the New Pembroke 4 to Champlin Hall .
go through the Brown University Bookstore to Avon Cinema .
go through the College Hill Bookstore to New Pembroke 2 .
go through the CVS to Pembroke Hall .
go to the Hillel House before you navigate to 164 Angel .
go to the Berk's;Shanghai before you navigate to J. R. Workman Garden .
go to the Emery & Wooley before you navigate to Thayer and Meeting .
go to the Andrews Terrace before you navigate to 219 Bowen .
go to the Avon Cinema before you navigate to Emery & Wooley .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall before you navigate to New Pembroke 3 .
go to the East Side Station Post Office before you navigate to Berk's;Shanghai .
go to the Peter Green House before you navigate to Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to the Berk's;Shanghai before you navigate to Salon Persia .
go to the Thayer and Meeting before you navigate to College Hill Bookstore .
go to the Hillel House before you navigate to 219 Bowen .
go to the Blue State Coffee before you navigate to Avon Cinema .
go to the CVS before you navigate to Second Time Around .
go to the East Side Station Post Office before you navigate to 219 Bowen .
go to the J. R. Workman Garden before you navigate to Thayer and Meeting .
travel to the CVS and then go to Andrews Hall .
travel to the Soban and then go to Meeting Street Cafe .
travel to the Pembroke Park and then go to Peter Green House .
travel to the Avon Cinema and then go to Smith Buonanno Hall .
travel to the Hillel House and then go to 219 Bowen .
travel to the East Side Station Post Office and then go to Thayer and Cushing .
travel to the Sidney Frank Hall and then go to Smith Buonanno Hall .
travel to the CVS and then go to Pleasant Surprises .
travel to the 111 Brown Street North House and then go to Blue State Coffee .
travel to the Sidney Frank Hall and then go to Metcalf Hall .
go to the Champlin Hall and then to Andrews Terrace .
go to the Second Time Around and then to 111 Brown Street North House .
go to the Brown University Bookstore and then to 164 Angel .
go to the New Pembroke 3 and then to Granoff Center .
go to the Andrews Hall and then to Sharpe House .
go to the Andrews Terrace and then to Morriss Hall .
go to the Thayer and Cushing and then to Emery Hall .
go to the Emery Hall and then to Berk's;Shanghai .
go to the Biomedical Center and then to Berk's;Shanghai .
go to the Granoff Center and then to New Pembroke 4 .
go to the Avon Cinema and then to Andrews Hall .
go to the Hillel House and then to New Pembroke 1 .
go to the Thayer and Cushing and then to Blue State Coffee .
go to the Smith Buonanno Hall and then head to Miller Hall .
go to the Thayer and Cushing and then head to Champlin Hall .
go to the Hillel House and then head to New Pembroke 4 .
go to the Andrews Terrace and then head to West House .
go to the New Pembroke 4 and then head to 219 Bowen .
go to the College Hill Bookstore and then head to East Side Station Post Office .
go to the Hillel House and then head to Andreas .
go to the Andrews Hall and then head to Thayer and Cushing .
go to the Smith Buonanno Hall and then head to Meeting Street Cafe .
go to the Biomedical Center and then head to West House .
go to the West House and then head to Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the New Pembroke 1 and then head to New Pembroke 4 .
go to the Smith Buonanno Hall and then head to Pembroke Park .
navigate to Thayer and Meeting through the New Pembroke 4 .
navigate to Thayer and Meeting through the Pembroke Hall .
navigate to Andrews Terrace through the Pembroke Park .
navigate to Emery Hall through the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
navigate to Facing Thayer through the Smith Buonanno Hall .
navigate to Peter Green House through the Second Time Around .
navigate to Andrews Terrace through the Facing Thayer .
navigate to Second Time Around through the Avon Cinema .
navigate to Avon Cinema through the Salon Persia .
navigate to 111 Brown Street North House through the Pembroke Hall .
navigate to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building through the Sidney Frank Hall .
navigate to Alumnae Hall through the Avon Cinema .
navigate to Soban through the Thayer and Meeting .
go to Metcalf Hall . then go directly to Smith Buonanno Hall
go to Supercuts . then go directly to Berk's;Shanghai
go to Emery & Wooley . then go directly to Smith Buonanno Hall
go to 111 Brown Street North House . then go directly to New Pembroke 2
go to Emery & Wooley . then go directly to Peter Green House
go to Verney-Woolley Hall . then go directly to West House
go to Soban . then go directly to Emery & Wooley
go to Sidney Frank Hall . then go directly to New Pembroke 4
go to East Side Station Post Office . then go directly to 219 Bowen
go to Biomedical Center . then go directly to Brown University Bookstore
go to Metcalf Hall . then go directly to Andreas
go to Pembroke Park . then go directly to Blue State Coffee
go to West House . then go directly to Avon Cinema
go to the Emery & Wooley then go to J. R. Workman Garden .
go to the Miller Hall then go to New Pembroke 3 .
go to the Emery Hall then go to Pembroke Hall .
go to the New Pembroke 2 then go to West House .
go to the Granoff Center then go to Meeting Street Cafe .
go to the Morriss Hall then go to Pembroke Park .
go to the West House then go to New Pembroke 3 .
go to the Alumnae Hall then go to Pembroke Hall .
go to the CVS then go to New Pembroke 2 .
go to the Biomedical Center then go to Peter Green House .
go to the 219 Bowen then go CVS .
go to the 219 Bowen then go 111 Brown Street North House .
go to the 219 Bowen then go East Side Station Post Office .
go to the Emery Hall then go College Hill Bookstore .
go to the College Hill Bookstore then go Alumnae Hall .
go to the Brown University Bookstore then go College Hill Bookstore .
go to the Pembroke Hall then go Alumnae Hall .
go to the Thayer and Meeting then go 164 Angel .
go to the Hillel House then go 164 Angel .
go to the Andrews Hall then go Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to 219 Bowen via the Avon Cinema .
go to Sidney Frank Hall via the Miller Hall .
go to Morriss Hall via the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to Pembroke Park via the Alumnae Hall .
go to Emery & Wooley via the West House .
go to Morriss Hall via the Soban .
go to Biomedical Center via the Metcalf Hall .
go to Brown University Bookstore via the Granoff Center .
go to Pembroke Park via the Biomedical Center .
go to College Hill Bookstore via the Spiritus Fermenti .
go to Alumnae Hall via the Morriss Hall .
go to Peter Green House via the Spiritus Fermenti .
go to Soban through the Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to Thayer and Cushing through the Spiritus Fermenti .
go to Sidney Frank Hall through the Meeting Street Cafe .
go to Spiritus Fermenti through the CVS .
go to Andreas through the Andrews Terrace .
go to Sharpe House through the New Pembroke 1 .
go to West House through the Thayer and Meeting .
go to Metcalf Hall through the Andrews Terrace .
go to Avon Cinema through the Emery & Wooley .
go to J. R. Workman Garden through the CVS .
go from Champlin Hall to West House .
go from College Hill Bookstore to New Pembroke 3 .
go from 219 Bowen to Smith Buonanno Hall .
go from 164 Angel to Smith Buonanno Hall .
go from 219 Bowen to New Pembroke 2 .
go from Berk's;Shanghai to Soban .
go from Soban to Smith Buonanno Hall .
go from J. R. Workman Garden to Emery Hall .
go from Morriss Hall to Facing Thayer .
navigate to Granoff Center through the Sidney Frank Hall .
navigate to Metcalf Hall through the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
navigate to Salon Persia through the 111 Brown Street North House .
navigate to Biomedical Center through the Pembroke Hall .
navigate to Thayer and Meeting through the Spiritus Fermenti .
navigate to J. R. Workman Garden through the Pembroke Hall .
navigate to Brown University Bookstore through the Morriss Hall .
navigate to Sidney Frank Hall through the Supercuts .
navigate to Andrews Terrace through the Hillel House .
navigate to Supercuts through the 111 Brown Street North House .
navigate to New Pembroke 2 through the Sidney Frank Hall .
navigate to the Thayer and Meeting then continue to College Hill Bookstore .
navigate to the Champlin Hall then continue to 111 Brown Street North House .
navigate to the Granoff Center then continue to Second Time Around .
navigate to the Andrews Hall then continue to Spiritus Fermenti .
navigate to the Morriss Hall then continue to Sidney Frank Hall .
navigate to the Smith Buonanno Hall then continue to Biomedical Center .
navigate to the Thayer and Meeting then continue to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
navigate to the Meeting Street Cafe then continue to Champlin Hall .
navigate to the CVS then continue to West House .
navigate to the Emery & Wooley then continue to Miller Hall .
navigate to the Thayer and Cushing then continue to Peter Green House .
move to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building and then head to Verney-Woolley Hall .
move to the Miller Hall and then head to Metcalf Hall .
move to the 219 Bowen and then head to Emery & Wooley .
move to the Granoff Center and then head to 111 Brown Street North House .
move to the Granoff Center and then head to Smith Buonanno Hall .
move to the Second Time Around and then head to Champlin Hall .
move to the New Pembroke 3 and then head to Sidney Frank Hall .
move to the Peter Green House and then head to Supercuts .
move to the Facing Thayer and then head to Hillel House .
move to the Emery Hall and then head to Second Time Around .
go to Pembroke Hall after navigating to the 219 Bowen .
go to Spiritus Fermenti after navigating to the Salon Persia .
go to 111 Brown Street North House after navigating to the Facing Thayer .
go to New Pembroke 4 after navigating to the Andrews Terrace .
go to Andrews Hall after navigating to the Morriss Hall .
go to Facing Thayer after navigating to the New Pembroke 1 .
go to Granoff Center after navigating to the 111 Brown Street North House .
go to West House after navigating to the Hillel House .
go to Andreas after navigating to the Meeting Street Cafe .
go to New Pembroke 2 after navigating to the Thayer and Meeting .
go to Andreas through the CVS .
go to Champlin Hall through the Alumnae Hall .
go to New Pembroke 3 through the Emery & Wooley .
go to Smith Buonanno Hall through the CVS .
go to Thayer and Meeting through the 111 Brown Street North House .
go to West House through the Berk's;Shanghai .
go to East Side Station Post Office through the Emery & Wooley .
go to Sharpe House through the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to Hillel House through the West House .
go to Biomedical Center through the Supercuts .
go to Hillel House through the Second Time Around .
go to Berk's;Shanghai through the Miller Hall
go to Pleasant Surprises through the Emery & Wooley
go to Miller Hall through the Second Time Around
go to Andrews Terrace through the New Pembroke 1
go to Morriss Hall through the Miller Hall
go to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building through the Andrews Terrace
go to Smith Buonanno Hall through the Emery Hall
go to 111 Brown Street North House through the New Pembroke 1
go to Facing Thayer through the Andreas
go to Alumnae Hall through the Meeting Street Cafe
go through the Sidney Frank Hall to Metcalf Hall .
go through the Pembroke Hall to Miller Hall .
go through the 219 Bowen to Granoff Center .
go through the Pembroke Park to Berk's;Shanghai .
go through the New Pembroke 1 to Biomedical Center .
go through the Verney-Woolley Hall to Supercuts .
go through the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building to Thayer and Meeting .
go through the Smith Buonanno Hall to CVS .
go through the Andrews Hall to Berk's;Shanghai .
go through the Spiritus Fermenti to New Pembroke 4 .
go through the Facing Thayer to Pembroke Park .
go from the New Pembroke 1 to Andrews Hall
go from the Thayer and Cushing to Berk's;Shanghai
go from the 219 Bowen to New Pembroke 4
go from the New Pembroke 4 to West House
go from the New Pembroke 4 to New Pembroke 1
go from the Granoff Center to Hillel House
go from the Second Time Around to Biomedical Center
go from the Champlin Hall to Brown University Bookstore
go from the Meeting Street Cafe to Sharpe House
go from the Andrews Hall to Morriss Hall
go from the Salon Persia to Morriss Hall
go from the Avon Cinema to Spiritus Fermenti
go from the Sidney Frank Hall to Peter Green House
move to Emery & Wooley after moving to the Granoff Center .
move to CVS after moving to the Miller Hall .
move to Champlin Hall after moving to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
move to Meeting Street Cafe after moving to the Spiritus Fermenti .
move to Biomedical Center after moving to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
move to Morriss Hall after moving to the Sidney Frank Hall .
move to Thayer and Cushing after moving to the West House .
move to 219 Bowen after moving to the West House .
move to Miller Hall after moving to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
move to 111 Brown Street North House after moving to the Spiritus Fermenti .
move to College Hill Bookstore after moving to the Alumnae Hall .
go to Morriss Hall via the Granoff Center .
go to 219 Bowen via the Granoff Center .
go to Andrews Terrace via the 219 Bowen .
go to Peter Green House via the College Hill Bookstore .
go to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building via the Blue State Coffee .
go to Hillel House via the College Hill Bookstore .
go to Sharpe House via the Blue State Coffee .
go to Pembroke Park via the Facing Thayer .
go to Hillel House via the Avon Cinema .
navigate to the Andreas before going to CVS .
navigate to the Second Time Around before going to Sidney Frank Hall .
navigate to the Brown University Bookstore before going to Morriss Hall .
navigate to the Morriss Hall before going to Emery & Wooley .
navigate to the Hillel House before going to Emery Hall .
navigate to the Champlin Hall before going to CVS .
navigate to the West House before going to Andrews Terrace .
navigate to the East Side Station Post Office before going to Avon Cinema .
navigate to the Second Time Around before going to Soban .
navigate to the Metcalf Hall before going to New Pembroke 2 .
go from the Avon Cinema to the Emery Hall
go from the Pembroke Park to the Smith Buonanno Hall
go from the Emery & Wooley to the Andrews Hall
go from the Sidney Frank Hall to the West House
go from the West House to the Supercuts
go from the Miller Hall to the Biomedical Center
go from the Alumnae Hall to the College Hill Bookstore
go from the Hillel House to the Meeting Street Cafe
go from the Andrews Terrace to the West House
go from the Salon Persia to the West House
navigate to the 219 Bowen always passing through the West House .
navigate to the Soban always passing through the Avon Cinema .
navigate to the Brown University Bookstore always passing through the CVS .
navigate to the West House always passing through the Blue State Coffee .
navigate to the Second Time Around always passing through the Soban .
navigate to the 219 Bowen always passing through the Emery & Wooley .
navigate to the Hillel House always passing through the Biomedical Center .
navigate to the Sidney Frank Hall always passing through the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
navigate to the Sidney Frank Hall always passing through the Andrews Hall .
navigate to the CVS always passing through the Granoff Center .
navigate to the Spiritus Fermenti always passing through the 111 Brown Street North House .
navigate to the College Hill Bookstore always passing through the Andrews Hall .
navigate to the New Pembroke 2 always passing through the J. R. Workman Garden .
navigate to the 219 Bowen always passing through the Andrews Terrace .
go to the Thayer and Meeting by first going to the Metcalf Hall .
go to the CVS by first going to the Andreas .
go to the J. R. Workman Garden by first going to the New Pembroke 3 .
go to the Morriss Hall by first going to the Salon Persia .
go to the Morriss Hall by first going to the Spiritus Fermenti .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall by first going to the Brown University Bookstore .
go to the Second Time Around by first going to the Peter Green House .
go to the Andrews Terrace by first going to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to the Peter Green House by first going to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building by first going to the Pleasant Surprises .
go to the Second Time Around then the Andreas .
go to the East Side Station Post Office then the Granoff Center .
go to the Avon Cinema then the J. R. Workman Garden .
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall then the Metcalf Hall .
go to the Salon Persia then the Second Time Around .
go to the Spiritus Fermenti then the Emery Hall .
go to the Biomedical Center then the New Pembroke 4 .
go to the West House then the Spiritus Fermenti .
go to the CVS then the New Pembroke 3 .
go to the Berk's;Shanghai then the Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to the Spiritus Fermenti then the 219 Bowen .
go to the Peter Green House then the New Pembroke 1 .
go to the Alumnae Hall then the Second Time Around .
go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building then the 219 Bowen .
navigate to the Spiritus Fermenti , and then navigate to the West House .
navigate to the Sidney Frank Hall , and then navigate to the 219 Bowen .
navigate to the Facing Thayer , and then navigate to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
navigate to the Morriss Hall , and then navigate to the Pleasant Surprises .
navigate to the College Hill Bookstore , and then navigate to the Salon Persia .
navigate to the West House , and then navigate to the New Pembroke 4 .
navigate to the Blue State Coffee , and then navigate to the Andrews Terrace .
navigate to the New Pembroke 1 , and then navigate to the Pembroke Hall .
navigate to the Metcalf Hall , and then navigate to the New Pembroke 3 .
navigate to the Salon Persia , and then navigate to the Pleasant Surprises .
go to the CVS through the Pembroke Hall
go to the Biomedical Center through the Soban
go to the Salon Persia through the New Pembroke 4
go to the Thayer and Meeting through the New Pembroke 1
go to the West House through the J. R. Workman Garden
go to the Peter Green House through the Champlin Hall
go to the Facing Thayer through the Sidney Frank Hall
go to the Andrews Hall through the Smith Buonanno Hall
go to the 164 Angel through the New Pembroke 2
go to the Brown University Bookstore , and then go to the Second Time Around .
go to the Meeting Street Cafe , and then go to the CVS .
go to the Smith Buonanno Hall , and then go to the East Side Station Post Office .
go to the Emery & Wooley , and then go to the Berk's;Shanghai .
go to the Peter Green House , and then go to the College Hill Bookstore .
go to the Miller Hall , and then go to the Facing Thayer .
go to the New Pembroke 4 , and then go to the Alumnae Hall .
go to the Facing Thayer , and then go to the New Pembroke 1 .
go to the Thayer and Cushing , and then go to the Miller Hall .
go to the Salon Persia , and then go to the West House .
go to the Berk's;Shanghai , and then go to the Thayer and Cushing .
go to the J. R. Workman Garden , and then go to the 111 Brown Street North House .
go through the Andreas to the Facing Thayer .
go through the Sharpe House to the West House .
go through the Soban to the Blue State Coffee .
go through the West House to the Avon Cinema .
go through the Champlin Hall to the Granoff Center .
go through the Sidney Frank Hall to the Second Time Around .
go through the CVS to the Peter Green House .
go through the Peter Green House to the Andrews Hall .
go through the Berk's;Shanghai to the Alumnae Hall .
go through the Andrews Hall to the Sharpe House .
go through the Pembroke Park to the East Side Station Post Office .
from the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building , navigate to the Second Time Around .
from the New Pembroke 1 , navigate to the Blue State Coffee .
from the Verney-Woolley Hall , navigate to the Pembroke Park .
from the Miller Hall , navigate to the Emery & Wooley .
from the Peter Green House , navigate to the Blue State Coffee .
from the Smith Buonanno Hall , navigate to the East Side Station Post Office .
from the Peter Green House , navigate to the New Pembroke 1 .
from the 164 Angel , navigate to the Supercuts .
from the Thayer and Cushing , navigate to the 164 Angel .
from the Berk's;Shanghai , navigate to the Meeting Street Cafe .
from the Morriss Hall , navigate to the Second Time Around .
from the Granoff Center , navigate to the Thayer and Cushing .
visit the New Pembroke 2 and then proceed to the Spiritus Fermenti .
visit the Avon Cinema and then proceed to the Thayer and Cushing .
visit the West House and then proceed to the College Hill Bookstore .
visit the Andrews Terrace and then proceed to the 164 Angel .
visit the New Pembroke 1 and then proceed to the Metcalf Hall .
visit the CVS and then proceed to the Blue State Coffee .
visit the Pembroke Hall and then proceed to the Emery Hall .
visit the 111 Brown Street North House and then proceed to the Andrews Terrace .
visit the Supercuts and then proceed to the Pembroke Park .
visit the Morriss Hall and then proceed to the Andreas .
always go from the 164 Angel to the Berk's;Shanghai .
always go from the New Pembroke 4 to the Granoff Center .
always go from the Andreas to the Spiritus Fermenti .
always go from the Pembroke Park to the Champlin Hall .
always go from the Andreas to the Facing Thayer .
always go from the Blue State Coffee to the Alumnae Hall .
always go from the New Pembroke 1 to the Andreas .
always go from the Pembroke Hall to the Thayer and Meeting .
always go from the Emery Hall to the Spiritus Fermenti .
always go from the Brown University Bookstore to the CVS .
always go from the Andrews Hall to the Andreas .
always go from the Second Time Around to the Peter Green House .
always go from the Smith Buonanno Hall to the 164 Angel .
go to the West House , then go to the Champlin Hall .
go to the CVS , then go to the J. R. Workman Garden .
go to the 164 Angel , then go to the Biomedical Center .
go to the Thayer and Meeting , then go to the Supercuts .
go to the Smith Buonanno Hall , then go to the New Pembroke 3 .
go to the Facing Thayer , then go to the 219 Bowen .
go to the Blue State Coffee , then go to the Pembroke Park .
go to the Pembroke Park , then go to the Salon Persia .
go to the Granoff Center , then go to the 219 Bowen .
go to the Hillel House , then go to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the Metcalf Hall , then go to the West House .
go to the Thayer and Meeting , then go to the Alumnae Hall .
go to the Metcalf Hall , then go to the Pleasant Surprises .
go to the New Pembroke 3 , then go to the Soban .
go to the Morriss Hall after you go to the Metcalf Hall .
go to the 219 Bowen after you go to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to the West House after you go to the Spiritus Fermenti .
go to the Thayer and Meeting after you go to the Salon Persia .
go to the Morriss Hall after you go to the Biomedical Center .
go to the Pembroke Hall after you go to the Alumnae Hall .
go to the CVS after you go to the West House .
go to the West House after you go to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the West House after you go to the Hillel House .
go to the Brown University Bookstore after you go to the Spiritus Fermenti .
go to the Biomedical Center after you go to the Pembroke Park .
go to the Pleasant Surprises after you go to the Emery & Wooley .
go to the Hillel House after you go to the Second Time Around .
go to the New Pembroke 1 after you go to the Metcalf Hall .
go to the Hillel House after going to the Thayer and Meeting .
go to the Andrews Hall after going to the CVS .
go to the Andreas after going to the 164 Angel .
go to the Facing Thayer after going to the Soban .
go to the Champlin Hall after going to the Pembroke Park .
go to the College Hill Bookstore after going to the Sharpe House .
go to the New Pembroke 1 after going to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to the Salon Persia after going to the Champlin Hall .
go to the Granoff Center after going to the J. R. Workman Garden .
go to the Berk's;Shanghai after going to the Salon Persia .
go to the Thayer and Meeting after going to the Alumnae Hall .
go through the Alumnae Hall to the Andreas .
go through the Andrews Terrace to the East Side Station Post Office .
go through the Biomedical Center to the Metcalf Hall .
go through the Avon Cinema to the Supercuts .
go through the Pembroke Park to the Andrews Terrace .
go through the Sidney Frank Hall to the J. R. Workman Garden .
go through the Emery Hall to the Emery & Wooley .
go through the Avon Cinema to the Champlin Hall .
go through the Peter Green House to the New Pembroke 3 .
go through the 219 Bowen to the Andreas .
go through the Smith Buonanno Hall to the Spiritus Fermenti .
go through the West House to the Biomedical Center .
go through the Pembroke Hall to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
go through the Blue State Coffee to the Meeting Street Cafe .
go to the Peter Green House through the Emery Hall .
go to the Sharpe House through the Facing Thayer .
go to the East Side Station Post Office through the Hillel House .
go to the Facing Thayer through the Andrews Terrace .
go to the Pembroke Park through the Metcalf Hall .
go to the New Pembroke 4 through the Brown University Bookstore .
go to the Pembroke Park through the Blue State Coffee .
go to the 111 Brown Street North House through the Miller Hall .
go to the Miller Hall through the J. R. Workman Garden .
go to the Avon Cinema through the Pleasant Surprises .
go to the Morriss Hall through the Granoff Center .
go to the Granoff Center through the Hillel House .
visit the Granoff Center then go to the Spiritus Fermenti .
visit the Pleasant Surprises then go to the Morriss Hall .
visit the Pembroke Park then go to the Andrews Terrace .
visit the Spiritus Fermenti then go to the 164 Angel .
visit the 219 Bowen then go to the Andrews Terrace .
visit the New Pembroke 1 then go to the Biomedical Center .
visit the Morriss Hall then go to the Pembroke Hall .
visit the 111 Brown Street North House then go to the CVS .
visit the Andrews Terrace then go to the Avon Cinema .
visit the Second Time Around then go to the 219 Bowen .
move to anywhere on the Alumnae Hall , then move to anywhere on the Andrews Terrace .
move to anywhere on the Brown University Bookstore , then move to anywhere on the New Pembroke 4 .
move to anywhere on the New Pembroke 4 , then move to anywhere on the College Hill Bookstore .
move to anywhere on the 219 Bowen , then move to anywhere on the Pleasant Surprises .
move to anywhere on the Berk's;Shanghai , then move to anywhere on the Sidney Frank Hall .
move to anywhere on the 164 Angel , then move to anywhere on the Pleasant Surprises .
move to anywhere on the West House , then move to anywhere on the New Pembroke 1 .
move to anywhere on the Salon Persia , then move to anywhere on the Champlin Hall .
move to anywhere on the Emery Hall , then move to anywhere on the Thayer and Cushing .
navigate to the Emery & Wooley through the Metcalf Hall .
navigate to the New Pembroke 3 through the Sidney Frank Hall .
navigate to the New Pembroke 3 through the Blue State Coffee .
navigate to the Sidney Frank Hall through the Soban .
navigate to the 111 Brown Street North House through the Brown University Bookstore .
navigate to the Emery Hall through the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
navigate to the Salon Persia through the Biomedical Center .
navigate to the Sharpe House through the Emery & Wooley .
navigate to the College Hill Bookstore through the Smith Buonanno Hall .
navigate to the East Side Station Post Office through the Second Time Around .
navigate to the Peter Green House through the Alumnae Hall .
navigate to the Berk's;Shanghai through the Champlin Hall .
navigate to the J. R. Workman Garden through the 164 Angel .
go to the Andrews Hall then go to the Pembroke Hall .
go to the Avon Cinema then go to the Blue State Coffee .
go to the Pembroke Park then go to the Soban .
go to the Andrews Hall then go to the J. R. Workman Garden .
go to the Andrews Terrace then go to the East Side Station Post Office .
go to the Second Time Around then go to the Blue State Coffee .
go to the Supercuts then go to the East Side Station Post Office .
go to the New Pembroke 2 then go to the Pembroke Hall .
go to the Thayer and Cushing then go to the Miller Hall .
go to the West House then go to the East Side Station Post Office .
go to the Soban then go to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the Thayer and Meeting then go to the Avon Cinema .
go to the Blue State Coffee then go to the Miller Hall .
go to the Smith Buonanno Hall then go to the New Pembroke 3 .
go to the Metcalf Hall then go to the Hillel House .
go to the Miller Hall through the Emery Hall
go to the Morriss Hall through the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building
go to the Sidney Frank Hall through the Soban
go to the Facing Thayer through the Andreas
go to the J. R. Workman Garden through the Soban
go to the New Pembroke 3 through the Metcalf Hall
go to the Soban through the Meeting Street Cafe
go to the Peter Green House through the Metcalf Hall
go to the New Pembroke 3 through the Granoff Center
go to the Thayer and Cushing through the Supercuts
go to the Sidney Frank Hall through the Salon Persia
go to the Meeting Street Cafe through the Blue State Coffee
go to the Morriss Hall through the New Pembroke 1
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall through the 111 Brown Street North House
go to the Facing Thayer through the Sharpe House
start on the 111 Brown Street North House , go directly to the Salon Persia .
start on the Sidney Frank Hall , go directly to the West House .
start on the New Pembroke 1 , go directly to the Miller Hall .
start on the Emery & Wooley , go directly to the Granoff Center .
start on the Pleasant Surprises , go directly to the New Pembroke 3 .
start on the New Pembroke 3 , go directly to the CVS .
start on the Brown University Bookstore , go directly to the Metcalf Hall .
start on the Biomedical Center , go directly to the Sidney Frank Hall .
start on the Andrews Hall , go directly to the Biomedical Center .
start on the Hillel House , go directly to the East Side Station Post Office .
start on the College Hill Bookstore , go directly to the Emery & Wooley .
start on the Andrews Hall , go directly to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to the Berk's;Shanghai before you go to the Miller Hall .
go to the Granoff Center before you go to the 111 Brown Street North House .
go to the Emery & Wooley before you go to the New Pembroke 3 .
go to the Spiritus Fermenti before you go to the Salon Persia .
go to the Brown University Bookstore before you go to the J. R. Workman Garden .
go to the Thayer and Meeting before you go to the Peter Green House .
go to the Berk's;Shanghai before you go to the Pembroke Park .
go to the Salon Persia before you go to the Spiritus Fermenti .
go to the Alumnae Hall before you go to the J. R. Workman Garden .
go through the Verney-Woolley Hall to the Andrews Terrace .
go through the CVS to the Hillel House .
go through the East Side Station Post Office to the Morriss Hall .
go through the Emery Hall to the Alumnae Hall .
go through the Peter Green House to the Second Time Around .
go through the West House to the Biomedical Center .
go through the Granoff Center to the J. R. Workman Garden .
go through the CVS to the Hillel House .
go through the Andrews Hall to the Andreas .
go through the Salon Persia to the Berk's;Shanghai .
go through the Andrews Hall to the CVS .
go through the Blue State Coffee to the Berk's;Shanghai .
go through the Pembroke Park to the Hillel House .
go through the Supercuts to the New Pembroke 1 .
go through the New Pembroke 4 to the Metcalf Hall .
go to the Avon Cinema and then go directly to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to the Champlin Hall and then go directly to the Berk's;Shanghai .
go to the 111 Brown Street North House and then go directly to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to the Andreas and then go directly to the Spiritus Fermenti .
go to the Andrews Terrace and then go directly to the Miller Hall .
go to the Berk's;Shanghai and then go directly to the Avon Cinema .
go to the Meeting Street Cafe and then go directly to the New Pembroke 1 .
go to the Andrews Terrace and then go directly to the New Pembroke 1 .
go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building and then go directly to the Biomedical Center .
go to the Alumnae Hall and then go directly to the Supercuts .
go to the Sharpe House and then go directly to the Pleasant Surprises .
go to the Sharpe House through the College Hill Bookstore
go to the Champlin Hall through the Pembroke Park
go to the Pembroke Hall through the J. R. Workman Garden
go to the Avon Cinema through the CVS
go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building through the Blue State Coffee
go to the Pleasant Surprises through the Hillel House
go to the New Pembroke 2 through the Avon Cinema
go to the Andreas through the Blue State Coffee
go to the Sidney Frank Hall through the Andrews Hall
go to the Avon Cinema through the Peter Green House
go to the Blue State Coffee through the Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to the Brown University Bookstore through the Meeting Street Cafe .
go to the Thayer and Cushing through the Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to the Andrews Hall through the Soban .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall through the Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall through the Biomedical Center .
go to the Emery Hall through the Biomedical Center .
go to the West House through the 111 Brown Street North House .
go to the College Hill Bookstore through the Second Time Around .
go to the Blue State Coffee through the Champlin Hall .
go to the Emery & Wooley through the College Hill Bookstore .
navigate to the Metcalf Hall before going to the Avon Cinema .
navigate to the Miller Hall before going to the 219 Bowen .
navigate to the Berk's;Shanghai before going to the New Pembroke 4 .
navigate to the Verney-Woolley Hall before going to the Pembroke Hall .
navigate to the Second Time Around before going to the Biomedical Center .
navigate to the Sidney Frank Hall before going to the Sharpe House .
navigate to the 111 Brown Street North House before going to the Sidney Frank Hall .
navigate to the Hillel House before going to the Facing Thayer .
navigate to the Morriss Hall before going to the Thayer and Cushing .
navigate to the Verney-Woolley Hall before going to the Facing Thayer .
navigate to the Blue State Coffee before going to the 219 Bowen .
go to the New Pembroke 4 , then head to the New Pembroke 3 .
go to the 164 Angel , then head to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to the Second Time Around , then head to the Avon Cinema .
go to the East Side Station Post Office , then head to the Berk's;Shanghai .
go to the Pembroke Park , then head to the Alumnae Hall .
go to the Spiritus Fermenti , then head to the Morriss Hall .
go to the New Pembroke 3 , then head to the Thayer and Cushing .
go to the Second Time Around , then head to the Champlin Hall .
go to the Second Time Around , then head to the Brown University Bookstore .
go to the 219 Bowen , then head to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall , then head to the Pembroke Hall .
go to the West House , then head to the Emery & Wooley .
go to the Granoff Center , then head to the New Pembroke 2 .
go to 1 st floor after 164 Angel
go to 1 st floor after Pleasant Surprises
go to 1 st floor after 164 Angel
go to 1 st floor after Miller Hall
go to Blue State Coffee and then go to the New Pembroke 1 .
go to New Pembroke 1 and then go to the Brown University Bookstore .
go to Hillel House and then go to the Peter Green House .
go to 164 Angel and then go to the 219 Bowen .
go to East Side Station Post Office and then go to the Spiritus Fermenti .
go to J. R. Workman Garden and then go to the West House .
go to Andrews Terrace and then go to the CVS .
go to Thayer and Cushing and then go to the Hillel House .
go to Pleasant Surprises and then go to the Avon Cinema .
go to West House and then go to the Emery Hall .
go to Thayer and Cushing and then go to the Pembroke Park .
go to Berk's;Shanghai and then go to the Pembroke Park .
go to Emery & Wooley and then go to the Soban .
go to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building and then go to the Thayer and Meeting .
go to West House and then go to the Andrews Hall .
go to the 111 Brown Street North House via Blue State Coffee .
go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building via Hillel House .
go to the J. R. Workman Garden via Morriss Hall .
go to the New Pembroke 3 via CVS .
go to the West House via Pembroke Park .
go to the Blue State Coffee via Sharpe House .
go to the Biomedical Center via Pembroke Park .
go to the Pleasant Surprises via CVS .
go to the Facing Thayer via Pleasant Surprises .
go to the New Pembroke 4 via New Pembroke 3 .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall via 164 Angel .
go to the Meeting Street Cafe via Champlin Hall .
go to the Facing Thayer via Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall via West House .
go to College Hill Bookstore before going to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to Soban before going to the Emery & Wooley .
go to Facing Thayer before going to the Thayer and Meeting .
go to Thayer and Meeting before going to the Pembroke Hall .
go to Emery & Wooley before going to the Pleasant Surprises .
go to Morriss Hall before going to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to 164 Angel before going to the Avon Cinema .
go to Pembroke Park before going to the 111 Brown Street North House .
go to Pembroke Park before going to the Sharpe House .
go to Sidney Frank Hall before going to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to J. R. Workman Garden before going to the Pembroke Hall .
go to West House before going to the New Pembroke 2 .
go to Metcalf Hall before going to the Granoff Center .
go to Pembroke Park before going to the Metcalf Hall .
go to CVS before going to the Thayer and Meeting .
first move to West House then navigate to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
first move to Andrews Hall then navigate to the New Pembroke 1 .
first move to Avon Cinema then navigate to the New Pembroke 2 .
first move to Morriss Hall then navigate to the Biomedical Center .
first move to Thayer and Meeting then navigate to the Avon Cinema .
first move to Pembroke Hall then navigate to the Salon Persia .
first move to West House then navigate to the New Pembroke 2 .
first move to CVS then navigate to the Salon Persia .
first move to Brown University Bookstore then navigate to the Biomedical Center .
go through Biomedical Center to the Second Time Around .
go through East Side Station Post Office to the Sharpe House .
go through Andrews Hall to the Brown University Bookstore .
go through Blue State Coffee to the Pleasant Surprises .
go through New Pembroke 3 to the East Side Station Post Office .
go through Soban to the New Pembroke 4 .
go through Meeting Street Cafe to the Peter Green House .
go through Verney-Woolley Hall to the Hillel House .
go through Miller Hall to the Biomedical Center .
go through Champlin Hall to the Morriss Hall .
go to Verney-Woolley Hall and then the West House
go to College Hill Bookstore and then the Peter Green House
go to Miller Hall and then the West House
go to New Pembroke 3 and then the Pembroke Park
go to Emery Hall and then the New Pembroke 1
go to Granoff Center and then the West House
go to Avon Cinema and then the Sidney Frank Hall
go to Second Time Around and then the New Pembroke 4
go to Spiritus Fermenti and then the Morriss Hall
go to New Pembroke 3 and then the Sidney Frank Hall
go to Sidney Frank Hall and then the New Pembroke 4
go to New Pembroke 4 and then the College Hill Bookstore
go to the New Pembroke 4 through Andreas
go to the Soban through Sidney Frank Hall
go to the Morriss Hall through New Pembroke 1
go to the East Side Station Post Office through Emery & Wooley
go to the Andreas through Biomedical Center
go to the Miller Hall through West House
go to the Smith Buonanno Hall through Blue State Coffee
go to the Hillel House through J. R. Workman Garden
go to the College Hill Bookstore through Emery & Wooley
go to the 219 Bowen through New Pembroke 3
go to the Meeting Street Cafe through Spiritus Fermenti
go to the Morriss Hall through 219 Bowen
go through Berk's;Shanghai before going to the Metcalf Hall .
go through Supercuts before going to the New Pembroke 2 .
go through West House before going to the Biomedical Center .
go through Pembroke Hall before going to the College Hill Bookstore .
go through Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building before going to the Soban .
go through Berk's;Shanghai before going to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
go through Avon Cinema before going to the 164 Angel .
go through Champlin Hall before going to the Peter Green House .
go through New Pembroke 1 before going to the Berk's;Shanghai .
go through Facing Thayer before going to the Alumnae Hall .
go through Pembroke Park before going to the West House .
go through Emery Hall before going to the Pembroke Hall .
go through College Hill Bookstore before going to the Avon Cinema .
navigate to Second Time Around then continue to the J. R. Workman Garden .
navigate to Morriss Hall then continue to the Sidney Frank Hall .
navigate to Emery & Wooley then continue to the Hillel House .
navigate to Soban then continue to the Pembroke Park .
navigate to Emery & Wooley then continue to the Meeting Street Cafe .
navigate to New Pembroke 1 then continue to the New Pembroke 3 .
navigate to New Pembroke 4 then continue to the Meeting Street Cafe .
navigate to Emery Hall then continue to the Andreas .
navigate to Sidney Frank Hall then continue to the Metcalf Hall .
navigate to East Side Station Post Office then continue to the CVS .
navigate to Pembroke Park then continue to the Peter Green House .
go to the Brown University Bookstore through Granoff Center .
go to the Salon Persia through Emery & Wooley .
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall through 164 Angel .
go to the Supercuts through 111 Brown Street North House .
go to the Granoff Center through Pembroke Park .
go to the Miller Hall through Sharpe House .
go to the Blue State Coffee through Avon Cinema .
go to the Andrews Terrace through Berk's;Shanghai .
go to the Brown University Bookstore through J. R. Workman Garden .
go to the Emery Hall through Spiritus Fermenti .
go to the West House through Granoff Center .
go to the Berk's;Shanghai through West House .
go to the New Pembroke 1 through J. R. Workman Garden .
go to the Avon Cinema through Peter Green House .
go to the J. R. Workman Garden through Miller Hall .
go to the New Pembroke 2 through Brown University Bookstore .
go to the Brown University Bookstore through Peter Green House .
go to the CVS through Facing Thayer .
go to the Avon Cinema through Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the Pembroke Park through Emery & Wooley .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall through Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to the Spiritus Fermenti through Supercuts .
go to the Brown University Bookstore through New Pembroke 3 .
go to the Thayer and Cushing through CVS .
go to the Metcalf Hall through Salon Persia .
go to the Smith Buonanno Hall through New Pembroke 2
go to the Second Time Around through Avon Cinema
go to the Blue State Coffee through Facing Thayer
go to the Facing Thayer through J. R. Workman Garden
go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building through Metcalf Hall
go to the CVS through Soban
go to the Miller Hall through Biomedical Center
go to the New Pembroke 1 through Verney-Woolley Hall
go to the 164 Angel through 111 Brown Street North House
go to the New Pembroke 3 through College Hill Bookstore
go to the Peter Green House through Emery & Wooley
go to the CVS through Sharpe House
move to Smith Buonanno Hall and then proceed to the Second Time Around .
move to Salon Persia and then proceed to the Miller Hall .
move to Avon Cinema and then proceed to the Pleasant Surprises .
move to New Pembroke 4 and then proceed to the Berk's;Shanghai .
move to 219 Bowen and then proceed to the East Side Station Post Office .
move to Avon Cinema and then proceed to the Champlin Hall .
move to Thayer and Cushing and then proceed to the Peter Green House .
move to Andrews Terrace and then proceed to the New Pembroke 1 .
move to 219 Bowen and then proceed to the Salon Persia .
move to Andrews Hall and then proceed to the 164 Angel .
go through Verney-Woolley Hall and navigate to the Champlin Hall .
go through Brown University Bookstore and navigate to the 111 Brown Street North House .
go through Berk's;Shanghai and navigate to the 164 Angel .
go through Smith Buonanno Hall and navigate to the Emery Hall .
go through College Hill Bookstore and navigate to the Salon Persia .
go through Verney-Woolley Hall and navigate to the New Pembroke 1 .
go through Second Time Around and navigate to the Pembroke Park .
go through 219 Bowen and navigate to the 164 Angel .
go through Salon Persia and navigate to the Pleasant Surprises .
go through Spiritus Fermenti and navigate to the Sharpe House .
go through Champlin Hall and navigate to the Thayer and Meeting .
go through East Side Station Post Office and navigate to the 219 Bowen .
go through Verney-Woolley Hall and navigate to the New Pembroke 2 .
go to the Facing Thayer by first visiting Andrews Terrace .
go to the Spiritus Fermenti by first visiting Blue State Coffee .
go to the New Pembroke 1 by first visiting Salon Persia .
go to the Granoff Center by first visiting Emery Hall .
go to the Brown University Bookstore by first visiting New Pembroke 4 .
go to the 164 Angel by first visiting Emery & Wooley .
go to the Andrews Hall by first visiting Second Time Around .
go to the Emery & Wooley by first visiting Pembroke Hall .
go to the Pembroke Park by first visiting Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to the West House by first visiting Thayer and Meeting .
go to the Miller Hall by first visiting East Side Station Post Office .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall by first visiting New Pembroke 4 .
go to the Second Time Around by first visiting New Pembroke 4 .
go to the Spiritus Fermenti by first visiting Supercuts .
go to the Spiritus Fermenti by first visiting New Pembroke 3 .
first go to Supercuts , then go to the Sharpe House .
first go to Blue State Coffee , then go to the Pembroke Park .
first go to Emery & Wooley , then go to the East Side Station Post Office .
first go to Salon Persia , then go to the Andreas .
first go to Pembroke Park , then go to the Soban .
first go to 164 Angel , then go to the Peter Green House .
first go to Sidney Frank Hall , then go to the Second Time Around .
first go to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building , then go to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
first go to Thayer and Meeting , then go to the Morriss Hall .
go through Thayer and Meeting to the Metcalf Hall .
go through Miller Hall to the Supercuts .
go through Verney-Woolley Hall to the Supercuts .
go through New Pembroke 2 to the Blue State Coffee .
go through Andrews Hall to the Andrews Terrace .
go through New Pembroke 2 to the Alumnae Hall .
go through Meeting Street Cafe to the 111 Brown Street North House .
go through 111 Brown Street North House to the Metcalf Hall .
go through Peter Green House to the Second Time Around .
go to Morriss Hall then go to the Biomedical Center .
go to Emery & Wooley then go to the 164 Angel .
go to Pleasant Surprises then go to the Pembroke Park .
go to Brown University Bookstore then go to the 164 Angel .
go to Sidney Frank Hall then go to the Berk's;Shanghai .
go to Salon Persia then go to the Andreas .
go to West House then go to the Alumnae Hall .
go to New Pembroke 3 then go to the Biomedical Center .
go to Pembroke Park then go to the Sharpe House .
go to 164 Angel then go to the Champlin Hall .
always go to Morriss Hall before navigating to the Sidney Frank Hall .
always go to Soban before navigating to the Thayer and Cushing .
always go to Biomedical Center before navigating to the 219 Bowen .
always go to Thayer and Cushing before navigating to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
always go to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building before navigating to the New Pembroke 3 .
always go to Avon Cinema before navigating to the New Pembroke 1 .
always go to Verney-Woolley Hall before navigating to the Andreas .
always go to Hillel House before navigating to the Meeting Street Cafe .
always go to Pleasant Surprises before navigating to the Sidney Frank Hall .
always go to Avon Cinema before navigating to the Salon Persia .
always go to Second Time Around before navigating to the 111 Brown Street North House .
always go to Peter Green House before navigating to the Thayer and Meeting .
always go to Pembroke Hall before navigating to the Alumnae Hall .
go to the Supercuts through Thayer and Meeting
go to the Thayer and Cushing through East Side Station Post Office
go to the Spiritus Fermenti through Sidney Frank Hall
go to the Meeting Street Cafe through Peter Green House
go to the 111 Brown Street North House through Thayer and Cushing
go to the Emery Hall through 111 Brown Street North House
go to the Emery & Wooley through Spiritus Fermenti
go to the Pembroke Park through Soban
go to the Berk's;Shanghai through Granoff Center
go to the College Hill Bookstore through Spiritus Fermenti
go to the Brown University Bookstore through Champlin Hall
go to the 219 Bowen through Spiritus Fermenti
go to the New Pembroke 4 through Andreas
navigate through Granoff Center and go to the West House .
navigate through Andrews Terrace and go to the Granoff Center .
navigate through New Pembroke 3 and go to the Peter Green House .
navigate through West House and go to the 111 Brown Street North House .
navigate through Alumnae Hall and go to the Biomedical Center .
navigate through Sidney Frank Hall and go to the Andreas .
navigate through Verney-Woolley Hall and go to the Facing Thayer .
navigate through Brown University Bookstore and go to the West House .
navigate through Alumnae Hall and go to the Second Time Around .
navigate through 111 Brown Street North House and go to the Champlin Hall .
first go to to Pleasant Surprises then go to the Thayer and Meeting .
first go to to Pembroke Hall then go to the Sidney Frank Hall .
first go to to Andrews Terrace then go to the Thayer and Cushing .
first go to to Emery Hall then go to the Supercuts .
first go to to New Pembroke 4 then go to the Soban .
first go to to New Pembroke 2 then go to the 219 Bowen .
first go to to J. R. Workman Garden then go to the New Pembroke 1 .
first go to to Andrews Terrace then go to the New Pembroke 3 .
first go to to Hillel House then go to the J. R. Workman Garden .
first go to to Thayer and Cushing then go to the Champlin Hall .
first go to to Andreas then go to the 219 Bowen .
first go to to Soban then go to the Pembroke Park .
first go to to Thayer and Cushing then go to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
first go to to J. R. Workman Garden then go to the Pembroke Park .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall through 219 Bowen .
go to the Soban through Supercuts .
go to the Pleasant Surprises through Pembroke Hall .
go to the 219 Bowen through Salon Persia .
go to the Spiritus Fermenti through Sharpe House .
go to the Alumnae Hall through 219 Bowen .
go to the Emery & Wooley through Berk's;Shanghai .
go to the Granoff Center through Biomedical Center .
go to the Biomedical Center through Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to the West House through Avon Cinema .
go to the Hillel House through Brown University Bookstore .
always go through Verney-Woolley Hall and then to the Second Time Around .
always go through Andrews Terrace and then to the CVS .
always go through Supercuts and then to the New Pembroke 1 .
always go through Soban and then to the Sidney Frank Hall .
always go through 219 Bowen and then to the Second Time Around .
always go through J. R. Workman Garden and then to the Biomedical Center .
always go through Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building and then to the Morriss Hall .
always go through Facing Thayer and then to the Spiritus Fermenti .
always go through Meeting Street Cafe and then to the West House .
always go through West House and then to the Second Time Around .
always go through Avon Cinema and then to the New Pembroke 3 .
always go through Miller Hall and then to the East Side Station Post Office .
always go through Sidney Frank Hall and then to the Blue State Coffee .
go to the Andrews Hall through 164 Angel .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall through East Side Station Post Office .
go to the Champlin Hall through Berk's;Shanghai .
go to the Andrews Hall through Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to the Blue State Coffee through Alumnae Hall .
go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building through Biomedical Center .
go to the Supercuts through Blue State Coffee .
go to the College Hill Bookstore through Thayer and Meeting .
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall through West House .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall through Hillel House .
go to the Miller Hall through Berk's;Shanghai .
go to the Andrews Terrace through Hillel House .
go to the Andrews Terrace through Supercuts .
go to 111 Brown Street North House before going to the Andrews Terrace
go to Pleasant Surprises before going to the Facing Thayer
go to Granoff Center before going to the Brown University Bookstore
go to Pembroke Hall before going to the Thayer and Meeting
go to 111 Brown Street North House before going to the CVS
go to Morriss Hall before going to the College Hill Bookstore
go to Salon Persia before going to the Verney-Woolley Hall
go to Meeting Street Cafe before going to the Pembroke Hall
go to West House before going to the 111 Brown Street North House
go to Miller Hall before going to the Thayer and Meeting
go to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building before going to the New Pembroke 4
go to New Pembroke 2 before going to the Meeting Street Cafe
go to Soban before going to the Andreas
go to Brown University Bookstore before going to the Pleasant Surprises
go to Peter Green House before going to the Brown University Bookstore
go to the Spiritus Fermenti by first going through Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the Metcalf Hall by first going through Andreas .
go to the Sharpe House by first going through Berk's;Shanghai .
go to the New Pembroke 1 by first going through Hillel House .
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall by first going through Andreas .
go to the Thayer and Cushing by first going through Emery & Wooley .
go to the Berk's;Shanghai by first going through Emery Hall .
go to the Berk's;Shanghai by first going through Brown University Bookstore .
go to the Meeting Street Cafe by first going through Andrews Hall .
go to the West House by first going through CVS .
go to the 111 Brown Street North House by first going through Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to the Pleasant Surprises by first going through Thayer and Cushing .
always avoid going to Blue State Coffee through the Berk's;Shanghai
always avoid going to CVS through the Facing Thayer
always avoid going to Sidney Frank Hall through the Facing Thayer
always avoid going to CVS through the Verney-Woolley Hall
always avoid going to Granoff Center through the Sidney Frank Hall
always avoid going to Miller Hall through the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building
always avoid going to Pembroke Park through the Soban
always avoid going to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building through the Spiritus Fermenti
always avoid going to Peter Green House through the Andrews Hall
always avoid going to 164 Angel through the Avon Cinema
go through West House to the 219 Bowen .
go through Champlin Hall to the Brown University Bookstore .
go through West House to the Metcalf Hall .
go through Champlin Hall to the Peter Green House .
go through West House to the Supercuts .
go through New Pembroke 4 to the Spiritus Fermenti .
go through Supercuts to the Andrews Hall .
go through Miller Hall to the New Pembroke 4 .
go through Champlin Hall to the Hillel House .
go through Metcalf Hall to the Pembroke Park .
go through the New Pembroke 4 to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go through the Thayer and Meeting to the Berk's;Shanghai .
go through the Second Time Around to the Hillel House .
go through the East Side Station Post Office to the Pembroke Park .
go through the New Pembroke 2 to the Granoff Center .
go through the Brown University Bookstore to the Andrews Terrace .
go through the New Pembroke 2 to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go through the 164 Angel to the Andrews Terrace .
go through the New Pembroke 1 to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go through the Andreas to the College Hill Bookstore .
go through the Thayer and Cushing to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
go through the Second Time Around to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
go through the Berk's;Shanghai to the New Pembroke 3 .
go through the Second Time Around to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go through the Biomedical Center to the Avon Cinema .
navigate to the Avon Cinema after going to the Sidney Frank Hall .
navigate to the Sidney Frank Hall after going to the New Pembroke 1 .
navigate to the CVS after going to the Champlin Hall .
navigate to the West House after going to the 164 Angel .
navigate to the Brown University Bookstore after going to the Andreas .
navigate to the Metcalf Hall after going to the Emery Hall .
navigate to the Verney-Woolley Hall after going to the Andrews Terrace .
navigate to the Verney-Woolley Hall after going to the Andrews Hall .
navigate to the Spiritus Fermenti after going to the Champlin Hall .
go to the 219 Bowen , then navigate to the Andrews Hall .
go to the Spiritus Fermenti , then navigate to the East Side Station Post Office .
go to the Emery Hall , then navigate to the Salon Persia .
go to the College Hill Bookstore , then navigate to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to the Champlin Hall , then navigate to the Second Time Around .
go to the New Pembroke 4 , then navigate to the New Pembroke 3 .
go to the Miller Hall , then navigate to the Pleasant Surprises .
go to the College Hill Bookstore , then navigate to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the Biomedical Center , then navigate to the Brown University Bookstore .
go to the Metcalf Hall then move to the Champlin Hall .
go to the Sharpe House then move to the 219 Bowen .
go to the West House then move to the Spiritus Fermenti .
go to the New Pembroke 4 then move to the 219 Bowen .
go to the CVS then move to the J. R. Workman Garden .
go to the New Pembroke 4 then move to the Miller Hall .
go to the Pembroke Hall then move to the New Pembroke 3 .
go to the Pembroke Park then move to the Sharpe House .
go to the West House then move to the Blue State Coffee .
go to the Miller Hall then move to the 111 Brown Street North House .
go to the Avon Cinema through the J. R. Workman Garden
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall through the Berk's;Shanghai
go to the Spiritus Fermenti through the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building
go to the Pembroke Hall through the 164 Angel
go to the Biomedical Center through the Peter Green House
go to the Emery Hall through the Pembroke Hall
go to the Miller Hall through the Verney-Woolley Hall
go to the East Side Station Post Office through the Facing Thayer
go to the Miller Hall through the Brown University Bookstore
go to the West House through the Morriss Hall
go through the Berk's;Shanghai and navigate to the Biomedical Center .
go through the 219 Bowen and navigate to the Champlin Hall .
go through the Blue State Coffee and navigate to the Champlin Hall .
go through the New Pembroke 3 and navigate to the Peter Green House .
go through the J. R. Workman Garden and navigate to the Andreas .
go through the New Pembroke 4 and navigate to the Andrews Hall .
go through the New Pembroke 4 and navigate to the Emery & Wooley .
go through the Sidney Frank Hall and navigate to the Pembroke Hall .
go through the Second Time Around and navigate to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go through the East Side Station Post Office and navigate to the Biomedical Center .
go through the Verney-Woolley Hall and navigate to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go through the Andrews Terrace and navigate to the New Pembroke 3 .
go through the Spiritus Fermenti and navigate to the Brown University Bookstore .
go through the New Pembroke 2 and navigate to the Salon Persia .
from the Alumnae Hall , navigate to the Peter Green House .
from the Thayer and Meeting , navigate to the Spiritus Fermenti .
from the East Side Station Post Office , navigate to the Granoff Center .
from the New Pembroke 3 , navigate to the Sharpe House .
from the Smith Buonanno Hall , navigate to the Alumnae Hall .
from the J. R. Workman Garden , navigate to the Pembroke Hall .
from the Morriss Hall , navigate to the Pleasant Surprises .
from the Second Time Around , navigate to the Pembroke Hall .
from the West House , navigate to the New Pembroke 1 .
from the West House , navigate to the Emery Hall .
from the J. R. Workman Garden , navigate to the New Pembroke 2 .
from the Biomedical Center , navigate to the Avon Cinema .
from the Granoff Center , navigate to the Andrews Hall .
navigate to the Morriss Hall before going to the Pleasant Surprises .
navigate to the New Pembroke 2 before going to the Andrews Hall .
navigate to the Facing Thayer before going to the Second Time Around .
navigate to the Andreas before going to the Second Time Around .
navigate to the Emery & Wooley before going to the Facing Thayer .
navigate to the 164 Angel before going to the Avon Cinema .
navigate to the Spiritus Fermenti before going to the Emery & Wooley .
navigate to the Meeting Street Cafe before going to the Miller Hall .
navigate to the Berk's;Shanghai before going to the Soban .
navigate to the Supercuts before going to the Metcalf Hall .
navigate to the Andrews Terrace before going to the CVS .
navigate to the Alumnae Hall before going to the Biomedical Center .
go through the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building to the Pembroke Hall .
go through the Thayer and Cushing to the Brown University Bookstore .
go through the 219 Bowen to the Salon Persia .
go through the Facing Thayer to the J. R. Workman Garden .
go through the East Side Station Post Office to the West House .
go through the West House to the Biomedical Center .
go through the Sidney Frank Hall to the Andrews Hall .
go through the Andrews Hall to the Andreas .
go through the Avon Cinema to the Pleasant Surprises .
go from the Champlin Hall to the CVS
go from the Sidney Frank Hall to the 164 Angel
go from the New Pembroke 3 to the 111 Brown Street North House
go from the Granoff Center to the Avon Cinema
go from the 219 Bowen to the Hillel House
go from the Pembroke Hall to the East Side Station Post Office
go from the Berk's;Shanghai to the Sidney Frank Hall
go from the Sidney Frank Hall to the Hillel House
go from the Thayer and Meeting to the Brown University Bookstore
go from the Smith Buonanno Hall to the Thayer and Cushing
go from the Andreas to the New Pembroke 1
go from the Miller Hall to the Facing Thayer
go from the Sidney Frank Hall to the Pembroke Park
move to the Champlin Hall but ensure to go to the Blue State Coffee first .
move to the Pleasant Surprises but ensure to go to the Meeting Street Cafe first .
move to the Supercuts but ensure to go to the Soban first .
move to the Granoff Center but ensure to go to the Pembroke Hall first .
move to the Thayer and Meeting but ensure to go to the New Pembroke 2 first .
move to the Soban but ensure to go to the Spiritus Fermenti first .
move to the Champlin Hall but ensure to go to the Berk's;Shanghai first .
move to the Emery & Wooley but ensure to go to the Pembroke Hall first .
move to the Metcalf Hall but ensure to go to the Supercuts first .
move to the Morriss Hall but ensure to go to the Blue State Coffee first .
move to the Smith Buonanno Hall but ensure to go to the Alumnae Hall first .
move to the Soban but ensure to go to the Spiritus Fermenti first .
move to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building but ensure to go to the Smith Buonanno Hall first .
move to the Andrews Hall but ensure to go to the New Pembroke 1 first .
move to the Metcalf Hall but ensure to go to the New Pembroke 4 first .
go from Thayer and Meeting to Verney-Woolley Hall .
go from Champlin Hall to West House .
go from West House to Spiritus Fermenti .
go from Peter Green House to Champlin Hall .
go from Supercuts to Thayer and Meeting .
go from West House to Brown University Bookstore .
go from Champlin Hall to Biomedical Center .
go from Blue State Coffee to Salon Persia .
go from Miller Hall to Meeting Street Cafe .
go from Peter Green House to Hillel House .
go from Smith Buonanno Hall to Alumnae Hall .
go from Soban to East Side Station Post Office .
go from New Pembroke 3 to Second Time Around .
go from Smith Buonanno Hall to West House .
go to the College Hill Bookstore , then go to the Miller Hall .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall , then go to the Metcalf Hall .
go to the Blue State Coffee , then go to the Second Time Around .
go to the Thayer and Meeting , then go to the Andreas .
go to the Salon Persia , then go to the Hillel House .
go to the Pembroke Hall , then go to the Miller Hall .
go to the Pembroke Hall , then go to the Facing Thayer .
go to the Supercuts , then go to the New Pembroke 1 .
go to the 111 Brown Street North House , then go to the College Hill Bookstore .
go to the Alumnae Hall , then go to the Andrews Terrace .
go from the East Side Station Post Office to the Miller Hall .
go from the Emery Hall to the 111 Brown Street North House .
go from the Andrews Terrace to the CVS .
go from the New Pembroke 1 to the Granoff Center .
go from the Second Time Around to the Salon Persia .
go from the Facing Thayer to the 111 Brown Street North House .
go from the Emery & Wooley to the 164 Angel .
go from the New Pembroke 2 to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go from the Metcalf Hall to the Salon Persia .
go to the Granoff Center , then go to the Second Time Around
go to the Miller Hall , then go to the Brown University Bookstore
go to the Metcalf Hall , then go to the 111 Brown Street North House
go to the Facing Thayer , then go to the Pleasant Surprises
go to the Biomedical Center , then go to the Salon Persia
go to the Miller Hall , then go to the 219 Bowen
go to the Peter Green House , then go to the West House
go to the Soban , then go to the Verney-Woolley Hall
go to the Meeting Street Cafe , then go to the Champlin Hall
go to the Metcalf Hall , then go to the Meeting Street Cafe
go to the Alumnae Hall , then go to the J. R. Workman Garden
go from the J. R. Workman Garden to the Thayer and Meeting
go from the Morriss Hall to the Verney-Woolley Hall
go from the New Pembroke 2 to the Emery & Wooley
go from the Facing Thayer to the 111 Brown Street North House
go from the Spiritus Fermenti to the 111 Brown Street North House
go from the Pembroke Park to the Meeting Street Cafe
go from the Sidney Frank Hall to the Thayer and Cushing
go from the Supercuts to the Alumnae Hall
go from the West House to the New Pembroke 2
go from the Pleasant Surprises to the Thayer and Cushing
go from the Avon Cinema to the 164 Angel
go from the Thayer and Meeting to the Avon Cinema
go to the Andrews Hall through the Pembroke Park .
go to the Soban through the West House .
go to the Pleasant Surprises through the New Pembroke 3 .
go to the Peter Green House through the 219 Bowen .
go to the 164 Angel through the Andrews Hall .
go to the College Hill Bookstore through the Emery Hall .
go to the New Pembroke 4 through the Sharpe House .
go to the Emery & Wooley through the Alumnae Hall .
go to the Facing Thayer through the Morriss Hall .
go to the Thayer and Cushing through the Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to the Avon Cinema and then go to the Morriss Hall .
go to the Smith Buonanno Hall and then go to the Peter Green House .
go to the Supercuts and then go to the Emery & Wooley .
go to the Berk's;Shanghai and then go to the Pleasant Surprises .
go to the 111 Brown Street North House and then go to the Brown University Bookstore .
go to the Pembroke Hall and then go to the Emery & Wooley .
go to the 164 Angel and then go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to the East Side Station Post Office and then go to the Andrews Hall .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall and then go to the Hillel House .
go to the Sharpe House and then go to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall and then go to the West House .
go to the Champlin Hall and then go to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to the New Pembroke 3 and then go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to the Morriss Hall , then go to the New Pembroke 1 .
go to the College Hill Bookstore , then go to the New Pembroke 1 .
go to the CVS , then go to the Andreas .
go to the Meeting Street Cafe , then go to the Granoff Center .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall , then go to the Sharpe House .
go to the Champlin Hall , then go to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to the West House , then go to the Thayer and Cushing .
go to the Andreas , then go to the West House .
go to the Spiritus Fermenti , then go to the New Pembroke 1 .
go to the Supercuts , then go to the New Pembroke 4 .
go to the Pembroke Hall , then go to the Soban .
go to the 111 Brown Street North House , then go to the Andreas .
go to the Emery Hall , then go to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to the Pembroke Park , then go to the J. R. Workman Garden .
navigate to the Emery Hall by passing through the West House .
navigate to the New Pembroke 3 by passing through the 164 Angel .
navigate to the Verney-Woolley Hall by passing through the Supercuts .
navigate to the J. R. Workman Garden by passing through the Granoff Center .
navigate to the Salon Persia by passing through the Biomedical Center .
navigate to the 219 Bowen by passing through the Peter Green House .
navigate to the 111 Brown Street North House by passing through the Second Time Around .
navigate to the Avon Cinema by passing through the College Hill Bookstore .
navigate to the Andrews Hall by passing through the Metcalf Hall .
navigate to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building by passing through the New Pembroke 3 .
navigate to the New Pembroke 3 by passing through the Thayer and Cushing .
navigate from the West House to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
navigate from the Supercuts to the Andreas .
navigate from the Verney-Woolley Hall to the Facing Thayer .
navigate from the Second Time Around to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
navigate from the Emery Hall to the J. R. Workman Garden .
navigate from the Supercuts to the Miller Hall .
navigate from the Supercuts to the Avon Cinema .
navigate from the Soban to the Avon Cinema .
navigate from the Biomedical Center to the College Hill Bookstore .
head to the 219 Bowen but first go to the Spiritus Fermenti .
head to the 111 Brown Street North House but first go to the Salon Persia .
head to the Emery Hall but first go to the Emery & Wooley .
head to the Morriss Hall but first go to the Spiritus Fermenti .
head to the Verney-Woolley Hall but first go to the Supercuts .
head to the Hillel House but first go to the CVS .
head to the CVS but first go to the Avon Cinema .
head to the Spiritus Fermenti but first go to the Metcalf Hall .
head to the Spiritus Fermenti but first go to the Andrews Hall .
go to the Granoff Center through the Sidney Frank Hall
go to the Biomedical Center through the Thayer and Cushing
go to the Facing Thayer through the Andrews Terrace
go to the Champlin Hall through the Andreas
go to the New Pembroke 2 through the New Pembroke 3
go to the West House through the Blue State Coffee
go to the West House through the Pembroke Hall
go to the East Side Station Post Office through the Avon Cinema
go to the Emery & Wooley through the 164 Angel
go to the Alumnae Hall through the Morriss Hall
go to the Salon Persia through the Emery & Wooley
go to the Sharpe House then go to the Supercuts
go to the New Pembroke 4 then go to the New Pembroke 1
go to the Andrews Hall then go to the New Pembroke 1
go to the Sharpe House then go to the Sidney Frank Hall
go to the Facing Thayer then go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building
go to the Granoff Center then go to the Sidney Frank Hall
go to the Alumnae Hall then go to the Andrews Hall
go to the Sidney Frank Hall then go to the Verney-Woolley Hall
go to the Peter Green House then go to the Hillel House
go to the Pembroke Park then go to the Pembroke Hall
go to the 219 Bowen then go to the College Hill Bookstore
go to the Sidney Frank Hall then go to the Berk's;Shanghai
go from the Pembroke Hall to the Peter Green House
go from the Soban to the 111 Brown Street North House
go from the Supercuts to the CVS
go from the Salon Persia to the Brown University Bookstore
go from the 219 Bowen to the Soban
go from the Andrews Hall to the Peter Green House
go from the Biomedical Center to the Pembroke Hall
go from the Thayer and Meeting to the Granoff Center
go from the Blue State Coffee to the Thayer and Meeting
go from the College Hill Bookstore to the Second Time Around
go from the Pleasant Surprises to the CVS
go from the College Hill Bookstore to the Avon Cinema
go from the West House to the 111 Brown Street North House
go from the Hillel House to the Verney-Woolley Hall
go from the 164 Angel to the Berk's;Shanghai
go to the 219 Bowen through the Andrews Hall
go to the Meeting Street Cafe through the Emery Hall
go to the 164 Angel through the Spiritus Fermenti
go to the Champlin Hall through the Soban
go to the Thayer and Cushing through the Sharpe House
go to the Blue State Coffee through the Brown University Bookstore
go to the Meeting Street Cafe through the Champlin Hall
go to the Pembroke Park through the Emery & Wooley
go to the Sharpe House through the Avon Cinema
go to the Berk's;Shanghai through the 164 Angel
go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building through the New Pembroke 3
go to the Andrews Terrace through the West House
go to the Sidney Frank Hall and then go to the West House .
go to the J. R. Workman Garden and then go to the Spiritus Fermenti .
go to the Biomedical Center and then go to the Second Time Around .
go to the New Pembroke 1 and then go to the Brown University Bookstore .
go to the Second Time Around and then go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to the Blue State Coffee and then go to the New Pembroke 1 .
go to the Morriss Hall and then go to the Thayer and Meeting .
go to the Supercuts and then go to the Metcalf Hall .
go to the Soban and then go to the Alumnae Hall .
go to the Avon Cinema and then go to the New Pembroke 4 .
go to the Champlin Hall and then go to the Soban .
go to the Salon Persia and then go to the Andreas .
go through the Supercuts to the Spiritus Fermenti
go through the Pleasant Surprises to the 164 Angel
go through the Verney-Woolley Hall to the Emery Hall
go through the Avon Cinema to the Salon Persia
go through the Granoff Center to the Pleasant Surprises
go through the J. R. Workman Garden to the Sidney Frank Hall
go through the College Hill Bookstore to the West House
go through the Second Time Around to the J. R. Workman Garden
go through the Champlin Hall to the Supercuts
go through the Pembroke Hall to the Berk's;Shanghai
go to the Miller Hall through the 219 Bowen .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall through the Thayer and Cushing .
go to the Emery & Wooley through the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the 111 Brown Street North House through the Meeting Street Cafe .
go to the Morriss Hall through the Berk's;Shanghai .
go to the Miller Hall through the Sharpe House .
go to the New Pembroke 4 through the 164 Angel .
go to the Granoff Center through the Alumnae Hall .
go to the Emery & Wooley through the 164 Angel .
go to the Alumnae Hall through the Morriss Hall .
go to the Metcalf Hall through the Pembroke Park .
go to the College Hill Bookstore through the Andreas .
go to the East Side Station Post Office through the Pleasant Surprises .
avoid the Avon Cinema until you enter the Thayer and Meeting .
avoid the Champlin Hall until you enter the Sidney Frank Hall .
avoid the Pembroke Park until you enter the New Pembroke 1 .
avoid the Alumnae Hall until you enter the College Hill Bookstore .
avoid the Champlin Hall until you enter the Soban .
avoid the Emery Hall until you enter the Champlin Hall .
avoid the Supercuts until you enter the CVS .
avoid the New Pembroke 3 until you enter the Facing Thayer .
avoid the East Side Station Post Office until you enter the Hillel House .
avoid the CVS until you enter the New Pembroke 1 .
avoid the Andrews Terrace until you enter the Salon Persia .
avoid the New Pembroke 3 until you enter the Facing Thayer .
avoid the Pembroke Park until you enter the Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to or through the Pleasant Surprises , but avoid going to the Pleasant Surprises through the J. R. Workman Garden
go to or through the Metcalf Hall , but avoid going to the Metcalf Hall through the Pembroke Park
go to or through the Avon Cinema , but avoid going to the Avon Cinema through the Pembroke Park
go to or through the Second Time Around , but avoid going to the Second Time Around through the Salon Persia
go to or through the Sidney Frank Hall , but avoid going to the Sidney Frank Hall through the Pleasant Surprises
go to or through the Meeting Street Cafe , but avoid going to the Meeting Street Cafe through the West House
go to or through the Salon Persia , but avoid going to the Salon Persia through the Thayer and Cushing
go to or through the Miller Hall , but avoid going to the Miller Hall through the 111 Brown Street North House
go to or through the 111 Brown Street North House , but avoid going to the 111 Brown Street North House through the Sidney Frank Hall
go to or through the Alumnae Hall , but avoid going to the Alumnae Hall through the New Pembroke 1
go to or through the Granoff Center , but avoid going to the Granoff Center through the Peter Green House
avoid the Hillel House until going to the Salon Persia .
avoid the Pleasant Surprises until going to the 164 Angel .
avoid the Thayer and Cushing until going to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
avoid the Facing Thayer until going to the Second Time Around .
avoid the Thayer and Meeting until going to the Salon Persia .
avoid the Granoff Center until going to the Morriss Hall .
avoid the Andrews Hall until going to the Metcalf Hall .
avoid the New Pembroke 4 until going to the Blue State Coffee .
avoid the Hillel House until going to the Sharpe House .
avoid the Emery Hall until going to the Emery & Wooley .
avoid the Blue State Coffee until going to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
avoid the Spiritus Fermenti until going to the New Pembroke 1 .
avoid the Granoff Center until going to the New Pembroke 2 .
avoid the Sidney Frank Hall until going to the New Pembroke 2 .
go to the Spiritus Fermenti and if you have reached the Spiritus Fermenti you may proceed to the 111 Brown Street North House or stay in the Spiritus Fermenti .
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall and if you have reached the Verney-Woolley Hall you may proceed to the Second Time Around or stay in the Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to the 164 Angel and if you have reached the 164 Angel you may proceed to the Supercuts or stay in the 164 Angel .
go to the Salon Persia and if you have reached the Salon Persia you may proceed to the CVS or stay in the Salon Persia .
go to the Meeting Street Cafe and if you have reached the Meeting Street Cafe you may proceed to the 111 Brown Street North House or stay in the Meeting Street Cafe .
go to the New Pembroke 3 and if you have reached the New Pembroke 3 you may proceed to the New Pembroke 1 or stay in the New Pembroke 3 .
go to the Pembroke Hall and if you have reached the Pembroke Hall you may proceed to the CVS or stay in the Pembroke Hall .
go to the Alumnae Hall and if you have reached the Alumnae Hall you may proceed to the Andrews Hall or stay in the Alumnae Hall .
go to the East Side Station Post Office and if you have reached the East Side Station Post Office you may proceed to the New Pembroke 2 or stay in the East Side Station Post Office .
go to the Thayer and Meeting or the Thayer and Cushing only .
go to the Andreas or the 111 Brown Street North House only .
go to the Pleasant Surprises or the Sidney Frank Hall only .
go to the Facing Thayer or the Pembroke Hall only .
go to the Brown University Bookstore or the Metcalf Hall only .
go to the Metcalf Hall or the Blue State Coffee only .
go to the 164 Angel or the Supercuts only .
go to the Berk's;Shanghai or the Thayer and Cushing only .
go to the Pleasant Surprises or the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building only .
go to the Blue State Coffee or the Brown University Bookstore only .
avoid the Miller Hall until you go to the 164 Angel .
avoid the College Hill Bookstore until you go to the Pleasant Surprises .
avoid the West House until you go to the 111 Brown Street North House .
avoid the Emery Hall until you go to the Miller Hall .
avoid the Andrews Hall until you go to the Spiritus Fermenti .
avoid the New Pembroke 2 until you go to the Sharpe House .
avoid the Verney-Woolley Hall until you go to the Soban .
avoid the Brown University Bookstore until you go to the Sidney Frank Hall .
avoid the College Hill Bookstore until you go to the Sharpe House .
avoid the Pembroke Hall until you go to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
avoid the 111 Brown Street North House until you go to the Emery & Wooley .
avoid the Andrews Hall until after navigating to the Biomedical Center .
avoid the Champlin Hall until after navigating to the Pleasant Surprises .
avoid the Andreas until after navigating to the 219 Bowen .
avoid the 111 Brown Street North House until after navigating to the 164 Angel .
avoid the Supercuts until after navigating to the Avon Cinema .
avoid the Second Time Around until after navigating to the 164 Angel .
avoid the Andreas until after navigating to the Morriss Hall .
avoid the Metcalf Hall until after navigating to the Granoff Center .
avoid the New Pembroke 3 until after navigating to the New Pembroke 1 .
avoid the Second Time Around and reach Second Time Around
avoid the Verney-Woolley Hall and reach Verney-Woolley Hall
avoid the 164 Angel and reach 164 Angel
avoid the Champlin Hall and reach Champlin Hall
avoid the Metcalf Hall and reach Metcalf Hall
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall avoiding the Pleasant Surprises . only if you reached the Verney-Woolley Hall then you may proceed to the Pleasant Surprises .
go to the Second Time Around avoiding the Metcalf Hall . only if you reached the Second Time Around then you may proceed to the Metcalf Hall .
go to the Soban avoiding the Andrews Hall . only if you reached the Soban then you may proceed to the Andrews Hall .
go to the West House avoiding the Champlin Hall . only if you reached the West House then you may proceed to the Champlin Hall .
go to the Avon Cinema avoiding the Sidney Frank Hall . only if you reached the Avon Cinema then you may proceed to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall avoiding the Second Time Around . only if you reached the Verney-Woolley Hall then you may proceed to the Second Time Around .
go to the Facing Thayer avoiding the J. R. Workman Garden . only if you reached the Facing Thayer then you may proceed to the J. R. Workman Garden .
go to the Facing Thayer avoiding the West House . only if you reached the Facing Thayer then you may proceed to the West House .
go to the 164 Angel avoiding the East Side Station Post Office . only if you reached the 164 Angel then you may proceed to the East Side Station Post Office .
go to the Berk's;Shanghai avoiding the Smith Buonanno Hall . only if you reached the Berk's;Shanghai then you may proceed to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to the 164 Angel avoiding the West House . only if you reached the 164 Angel then you may proceed to the West House .
go to the Pembroke Hall avoiding the Smith Buonanno Hall . only if you reached the Pembroke Hall then you may proceed to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to the Pembroke Park avoiding the Andrews Terrace . only if you reached the Pembroke Park then you may proceed to the Andrews Terrace .
go to the J. R. Workman Garden avoiding the Peter Green House . only if you reached the J. R. Workman Garden then you may proceed to the Peter Green House .
avoid the Peter Green House until going to the Pembroke Park .
avoid the Meeting Street Cafe until going to the Andreas .
avoid the Salon Persia until going to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
avoid the Pleasant Surprises until going to the Sidney Frank Hall .
avoid the Emery & Wooley until going to the 219 Bowen .
avoid the Pleasant Surprises until going to the Peter Green House .
avoid the Emery Hall until going to the Biomedical Center .
avoid the Andrews Hall until going to the New Pembroke 2 .
avoid the Biomedical Center until going to the Supercuts .
avoid the New Pembroke 2 until going to the Biomedical Center .
avoid the Thayer and Meeting until going to the Sidney Frank Hall .
avoid the Morriss Hall until going to the Facing Thayer .
avoid the Thayer and Cushing until going to the Granoff Center .
avoid the Metcalf Hall until going to the Brown University Bookstore .
avoid the Sharpe House until going to the Second Time Around .
avoid the Smith Buonanno Hall until going to the Morriss Hall .
avoid the Hillel House until going to the 219 Bowen .
avoid the New Pembroke 3 until going to the Avon Cinema .
avoid the Hillel House until going to the Thayer and Cushing .
avoid the 111 Brown Street North House until navigating to the New Pembroke 1 .
avoid the Metcalf Hall until navigating to the Alumnae Hall .
avoid the Miller Hall until navigating to the Andrews Hall .
avoid the New Pembroke 3 until navigating to the West House .
avoid the Meeting Street Cafe until navigating to the Brown University Bookstore .
avoid the Thayer and Cushing until navigating to the Emery Hall .
avoid the Spiritus Fermenti until navigating to the 219 Bowen .
avoid the Verney-Woolley Hall until navigating to the Peter Green House .
avoid the CVS until navigating to the Granoff Center .
avoid the Granoff Center until navigating to the Metcalf Hall .
go to the blue room .
go to the blue room .
go to the blue room .
avoid the Avon Cinema on your way to the Soban . once you get to the Soban you can to the Avon Cinema .
avoid the Pleasant Surprises on your way to the Granoff Center . once you get to the Granoff Center you can to the Pleasant Surprises .
avoid the Avon Cinema on your way to the Pembroke Park . once you get to the Pembroke Park you can to the Avon Cinema .
avoid the East Side Station Post Office on your way to the New Pembroke 2 . once you get to the New Pembroke 2 you can to the East Side Station Post Office .
avoid the Sidney Frank Hall on your way to the J. R. Workman Garden . once you get to the J. R. Workman Garden you can to the Sidney Frank Hall .
avoid the Emery Hall on your way to the West House . once you get to the West House you can to the Emery Hall .
avoid the Morriss Hall on your way to the Pembroke Hall . once you get to the Pembroke Hall you can to the Morriss Hall .
avoid the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building on your way to the Andreas . once you get to the Andreas you can to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
avoid the West House on your way to the Spiritus Fermenti . once you get to the Spiritus Fermenti you can to the West House .
avoid the Sidney Frank Hall on your way to the Supercuts . once you get to the Supercuts you can to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the Champlin Hall but do not enter the Biomedical Center first .
go to the West House but do not enter the Pleasant Surprises first .
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall but do not enter the Facing Thayer first .
go to the CVS but do not enter the Verney-Woolley Hall first .
go to the J. R. Workman Garden but do not enter the Berk's;Shanghai first .
go to the Biomedical Center but do not enter the Alumnae Hall first .
go to the Morriss Hall but do not enter the Sharpe House first .
go to the Metcalf Hall but do not enter the Biomedical Center first .
go to the Blue State Coffee but do not enter the Sidney Frank Hall first .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall but do not enter the Second Time Around first .
go to the 219 Bowen without going to the New Pembroke 3 . if you reached the 219 Bowen , now you can go to the New Pembroke 3 .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall without going to the Meeting Street Cafe . if you reached the Sidney Frank Hall , now you can go to the Meeting Street Cafe .
go to the J. R. Workman Garden without going to the Andrews Hall . if you reached the J. R. Workman Garden , now you can go to the Andrews Hall .
go to the Avon Cinema without going to the Pleasant Surprises . if you reached the Avon Cinema , now you can go to the Pleasant Surprises .
go to the Granoff Center without going to the 219 Bowen . if you reached the Granoff Center , now you can go to the 219 Bowen .
go to the Andreas without going to the College Hill Bookstore . if you reached the Andreas , now you can go to the College Hill Bookstore .
go to the Alumnae Hall without going to the CVS . if you reached the Alumnae Hall , now you can go to the CVS .
go to the New Pembroke 1 without going to the Brown University Bookstore . if you reached the New Pembroke 1 , now you can go to the Brown University Bookstore .
go to the Hillel House without going to the Pembroke Park . if you reached the Hillel House , now you can go to the Pembroke Park .
go to the New Pembroke 1 without going to the Biomedical Center . if you reached the New Pembroke 1 , now you can go to the Biomedical Center .
go to the West House without going to the 111 Brown Street North House . if you reached the West House , now you can go to the 111 Brown Street North House .
go to the Facing Thayer without going to the Sidney Frank Hall . if you reached the Facing Thayer , now you can go to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the Champlin Hall without going to the Pembroke Park . if you reached the Champlin Hall , now you can go to the Pembroke Park .
go to the West House without going to the Sharpe House . if you reached the West House , now you can go to the Sharpe House .
go to the Brown University Bookstore without going to the J. R. Workman Garden . if you reached the Brown University Bookstore , now you can go to the J. R. Workman Garden .
go to the New Pembroke 3 avoiding the J. R. Workman Garden . go through the New Pembroke 3 to get to the J. R. Workman Garden .
go to the Berk's;Shanghai avoiding the East Side Station Post Office . go through the Berk's;Shanghai to get to the East Side Station Post Office .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall avoiding the Andreas . go through the Sidney Frank Hall to get to the Andreas .
go to the Andreas avoiding the Blue State Coffee . go through the Andreas to get to the Blue State Coffee .
go to the Metcalf Hall avoiding the New Pembroke 3 . go through the Metcalf Hall to get to the New Pembroke 3 .
go to the CVS avoiding the Sidney Frank Hall . go through the CVS to get to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the Alumnae Hall avoiding the Meeting Street Cafe . go through the Alumnae Hall to get to the Meeting Street Cafe .
go to the Hillel House avoiding the Peter Green House . go through the Hillel House to get to the Peter Green House .
go to the Brown University Bookstore avoiding the Emery Hall . go through the Brown University Bookstore to get to the Emery Hall .
go to the Spiritus Fermenti avoiding the Metcalf Hall . go through the Spiritus Fermenti to get to the Metcalf Hall .
avoid the 219 Bowen until going to the Meeting Street Cafe .
avoid the Pembroke Park until going to the Meeting Street Cafe .
avoid the Champlin Hall until going to the New Pembroke 2 .
avoid the Hillel House until going to the CVS .
avoid the Pembroke Hall until going to the New Pembroke 3 .
avoid the Soban until going to the Alumnae Hall .
avoid the Berk's;Shanghai until going to the Andrews Hall .
avoid the New Pembroke 3 until going to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
avoid the Verney-Woolley Hall until going to the Hillel House .
go to Avon Cinema before going in the Facing Thayer .
go to Salon Persia before going in the New Pembroke 1 .
go to Metcalf Hall before going in the Thayer and Meeting .
go to Emery & Wooley before going in the Soban .
go to Alumnae Hall before going in the Andrews Hall .
go to Alumnae Hall before going in the Berk's;Shanghai .
go to Avon Cinema before going in the Pembroke Park .
go to East Side Station Post Office before going in the 219 Bowen .
go to Meeting Street Cafe before going in the Hillel House .
go to New Pembroke 3 before going in the Brown University Bookstore .
go to New Pembroke 3 before going in the Andreas .
go to Alumnae Hall before going in the Soban .
go to Verney-Woolley Hall before going in the Pembroke Park .
go to Andrews Terrace before going in the Blue State Coffee .
go to Soban before going in the Meeting Street Cafe .
avoid the Pembroke Park until you go through the Supercuts .
avoid the Supercuts until you go through the Spiritus Fermenti .
avoid the Thayer and Meeting until you go through the West House .
avoid the Facing Thayer until you go through the Pleasant Surprises .
avoid the Avon Cinema until you go through the New Pembroke 4 .
avoid the 111 Brown Street North House until you go through the Pembroke Park .
avoid the Morriss Hall until you go through the Granoff Center .
avoid the Emery & Wooley until you go through the Blue State Coffee .
avoid the Brown University Bookstore until you go through the Emery & Wooley .
avoid the New Pembroke 1 until you go through the Andrews Hall .
avoid the 111 Brown Street North House until you go through the Brown University Bookstore .
go to the Granoff Center before going to the Facing Thayer
go to the 111 Brown Street North House before going to the Granoff Center
go to the Biomedical Center before going to the Miller Hall
go to the Champlin Hall before going to the Emery & Wooley
go to the Metcalf Hall before going to the Brown University Bookstore
go to the 111 Brown Street North House before going to the Hillel House
go to the Berk's;Shanghai before going to the Andrews Terrace
go to the West House before going to the Miller Hall
go to the Berk's;Shanghai before going to the Sharpe House
go to the Peter Green House before going to the New Pembroke 1
go to the J. R. Workman Garden before going to the Blue State Coffee
avoid the Verney-Woolley Hall until going to the Sidney Frank Hall .
avoid the New Pembroke 2 until going to the College Hill Bookstore .
avoid the Pleasant Surprises until going to the Andreas .
avoid the 164 Angel until going to the Andrews Hall .
avoid the Salon Persia until going to the Facing Thayer .
avoid the Emery & Wooley until going to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
avoid the Andrews Terrace until going to the Pleasant Surprises .
avoid the College Hill Bookstore until going to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
avoid the College Hill Bookstore until going to the Granoff Center .
avoid the Andrews Terrace until going to the Peter Green House .
avoid the Sidney Frank Hall until going to the West House .
avoid the New Pembroke 4 until you go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
avoid the Thayer and Cushing until you go to the Sidney Frank Hall .
avoid the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building until you go to the 111 Brown Street North House .
avoid the New Pembroke 4 until you go to the Soban .
avoid the Metcalf Hall until you go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
avoid the Pleasant Surprises until you go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
avoid the New Pembroke 2 until you go to the Brown University Bookstore .
avoid the College Hill Bookstore until you go to the Andreas .
avoid the Avon Cinema until you go to the East Side Station Post Office .
avoid the 219 Bowen until you go to the New Pembroke 1 .
avoid the Sharpe House until you go to the New Pembroke 2 .
avoid the Second Time Around until you go to the Granoff Center .
avoid the Andrews Terrace until you go to the Emery & Wooley .
go to the East Side Station Post Office while avoiding the Metcalf Hall and if you have reached the East Side Station Post Office then you can go to the Metcalf Hall .
go to the 111 Brown Street North House while avoiding the Facing Thayer and if you have reached the 111 Brown Street North House then you can go to the Facing Thayer .
go to the Emery & Wooley while avoiding the Andrews Terrace and if you have reached the Emery & Wooley then you can go to the Andrews Terrace .
go to the Avon Cinema while avoiding the Andreas and if you have reached the Avon Cinema then you can go to the Andreas .
go to the Miller Hall while avoiding the New Pembroke 3 and if you have reached the Miller Hall then you can go to the New Pembroke 3 .
go to the CVS while avoiding the East Side Station Post Office and if you have reached the CVS then you can go to the East Side Station Post Office .
go to the College Hill Bookstore while avoiding the Sharpe House and if you have reached the College Hill Bookstore then you can go to the Sharpe House .
go to the Second Time Around while avoiding the Salon Persia and if you have reached the Second Time Around then you can go to the Salon Persia .
go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building while avoiding the New Pembroke 3 and if you have reached the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building then you can go to the New Pembroke 3 .
go to the Avon Cinema while avoiding the Blue State Coffee and if you have reached the Avon Cinema then you can go to the Blue State Coffee .
go to the Thayer and Meeting while avoiding the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building and if you have reached the Thayer and Meeting then you can go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to the Facing Thayer while avoiding the Sidney Frank Hall and if you have reached the Facing Thayer then you can go to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the Granoff Center while avoiding the Metcalf Hall and if you have reached the Granoff Center then you can go to the Metcalf Hall .
go to the Andrews Hall while avoiding the Sidney Frank Hall and if you have reached the Andrews Hall then you can go to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the Champlin Hall while avoiding the Biomedical Center and if you have reached the Champlin Hall then you can go to the Biomedical Center .
go to or through the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building always avoid going to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building through the New Pembroke 3
go to or through the Blue State Coffee always avoid going to the Blue State Coffee through the New Pembroke 1
go to or through the College Hill Bookstore always avoid going to the College Hill Bookstore through the Brown University Bookstore
go to or through the J. R. Workman Garden always avoid going to the J. R. Workman Garden through the Facing Thayer
go to or through the Metcalf Hall always avoid going to the Metcalf Hall through the West House
go to or through the Pembroke Park always avoid going to the Pembroke Park through the East Side Station Post Office
go to or through the Pleasant Surprises always avoid going to the Pleasant Surprises through the Alumnae Hall
go to or through the Andrews Hall always avoid going to the Andrews Hall through the Hillel House
go to or through the Soban always avoid going to the Soban through the Andrews Terrace
go to or through the Supercuts always avoid going to the Supercuts through the Sidney Frank Hall
go to or through the Sharpe House always avoid going to the Sharpe House through the West House
avoid the Peter Green House until you go to the Second Time Around .
avoid the Second Time Around until you go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
avoid the West House until you go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
avoid the Granoff Center until you go to the Emery & Wooley .
avoid the Andreas until you go to the Peter Green House .
avoid the Salon Persia until you go to the 164 Angel .
avoid the Andrews Hall until you go to the Alumnae Hall .
avoid the Granoff Center until you go to the College Hill Bookstore .
avoid the Soban until you go to the Andreas .
avoid the Smith Buonanno Hall until you go to the Pembroke Hall .
avoid the Pembroke Park until you go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
avoid the Sharpe House until you go to the Miller Hall .
avoid the College Hill Bookstore until you go to the Meeting Street Cafe .
avoid the New Pembroke 4 until you go to the Metcalf Hall .
avoid the 219 Bowen until you go to the College Hill Bookstore .
avoid the Spiritus Fermenti until going to the J. R. Workman Garden .
avoid the Thayer and Meeting until going to the Champlin Hall .
avoid the New Pembroke 3 until going to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
avoid the Brown University Bookstore until going to the Sidney Frank Hall .
avoid the Berk's;Shanghai until going to the Thayer and Meeting .
avoid the Verney-Woolley Hall until going to the West House .
avoid the Brown University Bookstore until going to the Biomedical Center .
avoid the West House until going to the Emery Hall .
avoid the East Side Station Post Office until going to the Hillel House .
avoid the Andrews Terrace until going to the J. R. Workman Garden .
avoid the Smith Buonanno Hall until after you 've gone to the Granoff Center .
avoid the Granoff Center until after you 've gone to the Spiritus Fermenti .
avoid the Thayer and Cushing until after you 've gone to the Salon Persia .
avoid the Andreas until after you 've gone to the Avon Cinema .
avoid the Miller Hall until after you 've gone to the Sharpe House .
avoid the Peter Green House until after you 've gone to the Thayer and Meeting .
avoid the Sidney Frank Hall until after you 've gone to the Sidney Frank Hall .
avoid the Berk's;Shanghai until after you 've gone to the Champlin Hall .
avoid the Biomedical Center until after you 've gone to the Granoff Center .
avoid the Sidney Frank Hall until after you 've gone to the Thayer and Cushing .
avoid the Thayer and Cushing until after you 've gone to the Pembroke Park .
avoid the Champlin Hall until after you 've gone to the Berk's;Shanghai .
navigate to the New Pembroke 4 but do not pass through the Emery & Wooley .
navigate to the Salon Persia but do not pass through the Emery Hall .
navigate to the Granoff Center but do not pass through the New Pembroke 2 .
navigate to the Pembroke Hall but do not pass through the Salon Persia .
navigate to the Sharpe House but do not pass through the Hillel House .
navigate to the Miller Hall but do not pass through the College Hill Bookstore .
navigate to the Brown University Bookstore but do not pass through the Morriss Hall .
navigate to the Hillel House but do not pass through the Smith Buonanno Hall .
navigate to the New Pembroke 4 but do not pass through the Sidney Frank Hall .
navigate to the Morriss Hall but do not pass through the Second Time Around .
navigate to the Thayer and Cushing but do not pass through the Sidney Frank Hall .
navigate to the Avon Cinema but do not pass through the Champlin Hall .
navigate to the West House but do not pass through the Peter Green House .
go to the Spiritus Fermenti without going through the Meeting Street Cafe .
go to the Berk's;Shanghai without going through the Metcalf Hall .
go to the New Pembroke 1 without going through the Granoff Center .
go to the Metcalf Hall without going through the East Side Station Post Office .
go to the Sharpe House without going through the Soban .
go to the Pleasant Surprises without going through the J. R. Workman Garden .
go to the Thayer and Meeting without going through the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to the New Pembroke 3 without going through the Blue State Coffee .
go to the Emery Hall without going through the Brown University Bookstore .
go to the Second Time Around without going through the Biomedical Center .
go to the Metcalf Hall without going through the West House .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall without going through the Thayer and Meeting .
go to the Biomedical Center without going through the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to the Champlin Hall without going through the Soban .
go to the 219 Bowen without going through the Second Time Around .
travel to Pleasant Surprises .
travel to Avon Cinema .
travel to Granoff Center .
travel to Spiritus Fermenti .
travel to New Pembroke 3 .
travel to 219 Bowen .
travel to J. R. Workman Garden .
travel to Meeting Street Cafe .
travel to New Pembroke 3 .
travel to Brown University Bookstore .
travel to Peter Green House .
travel to Second Time Around .
travel to CVS .
go to Peter Green House .
go to Andrews Hall .
go to Sharpe House .
go to Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to Berk's;Shanghai .
go to East Side Station Post Office .
go to Pleasant Surprises .
go to East Side Station Post Office .
go to Sharpe House .
go to Pleasant Surprises .
go to Spiritus Fermenti .
go to Sharpe House .
navigate directly to Biomedical Center .
navigate directly to Emery & Wooley .
navigate directly to J. R. Workman Garden .
navigate directly to Alumnae Hall .
navigate directly to New Pembroke 4 .
navigate directly to New Pembroke 3 .
navigate directly to 164 Angel .
navigate directly to Second Time Around .
navigate directly to West House .
navigate directly to Blue State Coffee .
navigate directly to Emery Hall .
navigate directly to Alumnae Hall .
navigate directly to Metcalf Hall .
go to the New Pembroke 2
go to the Spiritus Fermenti
go to the Pembroke Park
go to the 111 Brown Street North House
go to the Andreas
go to the Miller Hall
go to the CVS
go to the Morriss Hall
go to the Andreas
go to the Thayer and Meeting
go to Pleasant Surprises .
go to Sidney Frank Hall .
go to Pleasant Surprises .
go to Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to 219 Bowen .
go to Supercuts .
go to Pleasant Surprises .
go to West House .
go to Second Time Around .
go to Granoff Center .
go to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to Salon Persia .
go to Metcalf Hall .
go to Granoff Center .
go to New Pembroke 2
go to Brown University Bookstore
go to Supercuts
go to Alumnae Hall
go to Smith Buonanno Hall
go to J. R. Workman Garden
go to Peter Green House
go to New Pembroke 1
go to Thayer and Cushing
go to Morriss Hall
go to Sharpe House
go to Miller Hall
go to 219 Bowen .
go to Biomedical Center .
go to West House .
go to Miller Hall .
go to Granoff Center .
go to Pembroke Hall .
go to Pembroke Hall .
go to Sharpe House .
go to Supercuts .
go to Second Time Around .
go to Pembroke Hall .
navigate to New Pembroke 1 .
navigate to 219 Bowen .
navigate to New Pembroke 3 .
navigate to New Pembroke 1 .
navigate to Sidney Frank Hall .
navigate to Alumnae Hall .
navigate to Biomedical Center .
navigate to Champlin Hall .
navigate to West House .
navigate to Emery & Wooley .
navigate to Brown University Bookstore .
navigate to 164 Angel .
navigate to Pembroke Park .
navigate to New Pembroke 3 .
navigate to Pembroke Park .
navigate to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
navigate to Salon Persia .
navigate to Sidney Frank Hall .
navigate to CVS .
navigate to Peter Green House .
navigate to West House .
navigate to Blue State Coffee .
navigate to 111 Brown Street North House .
navigate to Soban .
navigate to Andrews Hall .
navigate to Emery Hall .
navigate to Supercuts .
navigate to Pleasant Surprises .
navigate to Meeting Street Cafe .
go to 219 Bowen .
go to Morriss Hall .
go to Sidney Frank Hall .
go to Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to Brown University Bookstore .
go to Meeting Street Cafe .
go to Berk's;Shanghai .
go to Sidney Frank Hall .
go to Meeting Street Cafe .
go to Hillel House .
go to Pembroke Hall .
go to Morriss Hall .
go to Thayer and Cushing .
go to Salon Persia .
go to Pembroke Hall .
go to Metcalf Hall .
go to Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to Spiritus Fermenti .
go to Soban .
go to Hillel House .
go to Morriss Hall .
go to J. R. Workman Garden .
go to CVS .
go to Andreas .
go to East Side Station Post Office .
go to Sidney Frank Hall .
go to Pembroke Hall .
go to East Side Station Post Office .
go to Avon Cinema .
go to Brown University Bookstore .
go to Miller Hall .
go to West House .
go to East Side Station Post Office .
go to J. R. Workman Garden .
go to Andrews Hall .
go to New Pembroke 2 .
go to Emery & Wooley
go to CVS
go to 111 Brown Street North House
go to Metcalf Hall
go to Salon Persia
go to Berk's;Shanghai
go to Pleasant Surprises
go to Pembroke Park
go to Smith Buonanno Hall
go to Verney-Woolley Hall
go to Supercuts
go to Andrews Terrace .
go to Andrews Hall .
go to Champlin Hall .
go to 219 Bowen .
go to New Pembroke 3 .
go to Brown University Bookstore .
go to Metcalf Hall .
go to Metcalf Hall .
go to CVS .
go to Miller Hall .
go to Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to West House .
go to 164 Angel .
go to East Side Station Post Office .
go to Emery & Wooley .
move to Facing Thayer .
move to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
move to CVS .
move to Granoff Center .
move to Blue State Coffee .
move to Champlin Hall .
move to Salon Persia .
move to Granoff Center .
move to 164 Angel .
move to Champlin Hall .
move to West House .
move to 164 Angel .
move to Granoff Center .
go to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to Alumnae Hall .
go to J. R. Workman Garden .
go to Emery & Wooley .
go to Metcalf Hall .
go to Sidney Frank Hall .
go to Peter Green House .
go to 111 Brown Street North House .
go to Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to Hillel House .
go to Andreas .
go to Spiritus Fermenti .
go to Spiritus Fermenti
go to College Hill Bookstore
go to Second Time Around
go to West House
go to Supercuts
go to Pleasant Surprises
go to Spiritus Fermenti
go to New Pembroke 4
go to 111 Brown Street North House
go to Supercuts
go to Granoff Center
go to Thayer and Meeting
go to Second Time Around
go to Sharpe House
go to College Hill Bookstore
go to Andrews Terrace
go to Granoff Center
go to Brown University Bookstore
go to New Pembroke 1
go to 219 Bowen
go to Sidney Frank Hall
go to Andreas
go to Soban
go to Thayer and Meeting
go to 164 Angel
go to Metcalf Hall
go directly to Emery & Wooley .
go directly to Pembroke Park .
go directly to Granoff Center .
go directly to Emery & Wooley .
go directly to Meeting Street Cafe .
go directly to East Side Station Post Office .
go directly to East Side Station Post Office .
go directly to Facing Thayer .
go directly to 111 Brown Street North House .
go directly to Soban .
go directly to Miller Hall .
go directly to New Pembroke 1 .
go directly to Alumnae Hall .
go to Pleasant Surprises .
go to Granoff Center .
go to Andrews Terrace .
go to New Pembroke 1 .
go to CVS .
go to Alumnae Hall .
go to Metcalf Hall .
go to Andrews Hall .
go to 111 Brown Street North House .
go to Brown University Bookstore .
go to Metcalf Hall
go to Alumnae Hall
go to Miller Hall
go to Miller Hall
go to New Pembroke 4
go to Emery & Wooley
go to Soban
go to Biomedical Center
go to Hillel House
go to J. R. Workman Garden .
go to Champlin Hall .
go to Supercuts .
go to Thayer and Meeting .
go to Soban .
go to New Pembroke 4 .
go to Champlin Hall .
go to Alumnae Hall .
go to Supercuts .
go to Sidney Frank Hall .
go to East Side Station Post Office .
go to Second Time Around .
go to Andrews Hall .
navigate to Emery Hall .
navigate to Pembroke Hall .
navigate to Hillel House .
navigate to Alumnae Hall .
navigate to Sidney Frank Hall .
navigate to Second Time Around .
navigate to West House .
navigate to Soban .
navigate to Sidney Frank Hall .
navigate to Smith Buonanno Hall .
navigate to East Side Station Post Office .
go to New Pembroke 4 .
go to Soban .
go to Andrews Terrace .
go to Blue State Coffee .
go to Andrews Hall .
go to West House .
go to Salon Persia .
go to 219 Bowen .
go to Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to Spiritus Fermenti .
go to 164 Angel .
go to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to Peter Green House .
go to West House .
go to J. R. Workman Garden .
navigate to Pleasant Surprises .
navigate to Berk's;Shanghai .
navigate to Emery & Wooley .
navigate to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
navigate to CVS .
navigate to Smith Buonanno Hall .
navigate to Brown University Bookstore .
navigate to Thayer and Meeting .
navigate to Berk's;Shanghai .
navigate to Peter Green House .
navigate to Sidney Frank Hall .
navigate to Metcalf Hall .
navigate to New Pembroke 3 .
navigate to Thayer and Meeting .
navigate to 219 Bowen .
navigate to Alumnae Hall .
navigate to Champlin Hall .
navigate to Biomedical Center .
navigate to Meeting Street Cafe .
navigate to Brown University Bookstore .
navigate to Sidney Frank Hall .
navigate to Brown University Bookstore .
navigate to Soban .
go to College Hill Bookstore
go to Meeting Street Cafe
go to Andreas
go to Berk's;Shanghai
go to Blue State Coffee
go to Spiritus Fermenti
go to Brown University Bookstore
go to Sidney Frank Hall
go to West House
travel to Pleasant Surprises .
travel to Andreas .
travel to Pembroke Hall .
travel to New Pembroke 1 .
travel to Peter Green House .
travel to Sidney Frank Hall .
travel to Alumnae Hall .
travel to Smith Buonanno Hall .
travel to New Pembroke 1 .
go to East Side Station Post Office .
go to Meeting Street Cafe .
go to Hillel House .
go to Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to CVS .
go to Miller Hall .
go to College Hill Bookstore .
go to Pembroke Hall .
go to Andreas .
go to 219 Bowen .
go to College Hill Bookstore .
go to New Pembroke 3 .
go to Avon Cinema .
go to Meeting Street Cafe .
go to Champlin Hall .
go to Supercuts
go to Metcalf Hall
go to Biomedical Center
go to Andrews Terrace
go to West House
go to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building
go to 164 Angel
go to Blue State Coffee
go to Pembroke Hall
go to CVS before going to Sidney Frank Hall .
go to Salon Persia before going to Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to New Pembroke 2 before going to CVS .
go to Sidney Frank Hall before going to Alumnae Hall .
go to Sharpe House before going to New Pembroke 3 .
go to CVS before going to Champlin Hall .
go to 164 Angel before going to Facing Thayer .
go to New Pembroke 1 before going to Hillel House .
go to Avon Cinema before going to Pembroke Park .
go to 111 Brown Street North House before going to Pembroke Hall .
go to Thayer and Meeting before going to West House .
go to Granoff Center before going to West House .
go to Pembroke Hall before going to Thayer and Meeting .
go to Hillel House before going to West House .
go to Thayer and Meeting before going to Alumnae Hall .
go to Morriss Hall , then go to Sidney Frank Hall
go to College Hill Bookstore , then go to Champlin Hall
go to Avon Cinema , then go to Pembroke Hall
go to Meeting Street Cafe , then go to Blue State Coffee
go to J. R. Workman Garden , then go to New Pembroke 3
go to Andreas , then go to Andrews Hall
go to Brown University Bookstore , then go to East Side Station Post Office
go to Supercuts , then go to New Pembroke 1
go to Alumnae Hall , then go to Pleasant Surprises
go to Pleasant Surprises and then to West House .
go to Spiritus Fermenti and then to Alumnae Hall .
go to Spiritus Fermenti and then to Peter Green House .
go to Peter Green House and then to Sharpe House .
go to Sidney Frank Hall and then to Sidney Frank Hall .
go to Hillel House and then to Supercuts .
go to New Pembroke 4 and then to 164 Angel .
go to Pembroke Park and then to Facing Thayer .
go to Sidney Frank Hall and then to Soban .
go to Spiritus Fermenti and then to Facing Thayer .
go to West House and then to Peter Green House .
always pass Pleasant Surprises before Granoff Center .
always pass Champlin Hall before College Hill Bookstore .
always pass Thayer and Cushing before Soban .
always pass Andrews Hall before Metcalf Hall .
always pass New Pembroke 4 before Thayer and Meeting .
always pass Thayer and Meeting before Avon Cinema .
always pass J. R. Workman Garden before Sharpe House .
always pass Berk's;Shanghai before Morriss Hall .
always pass Meeting Street Cafe before College Hill Bookstore .
always pass CVS before Peter Green House .
always pass Verney-Woolley Hall before Sidney Frank Hall .
always pass Biomedical Center before Granoff Center .
always pass Emery Hall before Berk's;Shanghai .
go to Emery Hall then Hillel House .
go to Emery Hall then 164 Angel .
go to Peter Green House then New Pembroke 4 .
go to Avon Cinema then 164 Angel .
go to New Pembroke 3 then Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to Facing Thayer then Spiritus Fermenti .
go to Facing Thayer then Sidney Frank Hall .
go to Thayer and Cushing then 219 Bowen .
go to J. R. Workman Garden then New Pembroke 2 .
go to Pembroke Hall then Emery & Wooley .
go to Verney-Woolley Hall then Sidney Frank Hall .
go to East Side Station Post Office then Facing Thayer .
go to Granoff Center then Emery Hall .
go to Thayer and Meeting then Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to Pleasant Surprises then Sidney Frank Hall .
go to 164 Angel before going to Brown University Bookstore .
go to New Pembroke 1 before going to New Pembroke 2 .
go to Emery Hall before going to Pembroke Park .
go to Sidney Frank Hall before going to Alumnae Hall .
go to West House before going to Sidney Frank Hall .
go to West House before going to Granoff Center .
go to Spiritus Fermenti before going to Alumnae Hall .
go to East Side Station Post Office before going to J. R. Workman Garden .
go to Pleasant Surprises before going to Hillel House .
go to Miller Hall before going to New Pembroke 3 .
go to Pembroke Hall before going to West House .
go to Pembroke Park through Miller Hall
go to Second Time Around through Sidney Frank Hall
go to Sidney Frank Hall through Soban
go to Thayer and Cushing through West House
go to J. R. Workman Garden through Sharpe House
go to Hillel House through Morriss Hall
go to New Pembroke 2 through East Side Station Post Office
go to Alumnae Hall through Andrews Hall
go to Thayer and Cushing through J. R. Workman Garden
go to 219 Bowen through College Hill Bookstore
go to New Pembroke 4 , then up to Thayer and Meeting .
go to Sidney Frank Hall , then up to Pembroke Hall .
go to Meeting Street Cafe , then up to Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to New Pembroke 3 , then up to East Side Station Post Office .
go to Emery Hall , then up to Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to Alumnae Hall , then up to Thayer and Cushing .
go to Morriss Hall , then up to New Pembroke 2 .
go to Sidney Frank Hall , then up to 164 Angel .
go to Thayer and Cushing , then up to New Pembroke 1 .
navigate through CVS then go to 111 Brown Street North House .
navigate through Biomedical Center then go to 111 Brown Street North House .
navigate through Pleasant Surprises then go to 111 Brown Street North House .
navigate through Spiritus Fermenti then go to Berk's;Shanghai .
navigate through Andreas then go to Sidney Frank Hall .
navigate through Hillel House then go to East Side Station Post Office .
navigate through 219 Bowen then go to Miller Hall .
navigate through New Pembroke 3 then go to Facing Thayer .
navigate through New Pembroke 2 then go to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
navigate through Brown University Bookstore then go to Andrews Hall .
navigate through Second Time Around then go to Alumnae Hall .
go through Second Time Around to Salon Persia .
go through Second Time Around to Sidney Frank Hall .
go through Pembroke Hall to Emery Hall .
go through Thayer and Cushing to Andreas .
go through Brown University Bookstore to Berk's;Shanghai .
go through Hillel House to Thayer and Meeting .
go through Morriss Hall to Supercuts .
go through Avon Cinema to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go through Granoff Center to Berk's;Shanghai .
go through Soban to Spiritus Fermenti .
go to Andrews Hall and proceed to Sidney Frank Hall .
go to Pleasant Surprises and proceed to Andrews Hall .
go to Peter Green House and proceed to Spiritus Fermenti .
go to Andrews Hall and proceed to Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to Berk's;Shanghai and proceed to Metcalf Hall .
go to CVS and proceed to 111 Brown Street North House .
go to Blue State Coffee and proceed to Andreas .
go to Pembroke Hall and proceed to Alumnae Hall .
go to Champlin Hall and proceed to New Pembroke 3 .
go to Sharpe House and proceed to Alumnae Hall .
go to Peter Green House and proceed to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to Supercuts and proceed to Berk's;Shanghai .
go to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building and proceed to CVS .
go to Facing Thayer and proceed to Sidney Frank Hall .
go to Champlin Hall , then go to Facing Thayer .
go to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building , then go to Brown University Bookstore .
go to Andrews Hall , then go to Pleasant Surprises .
go to Morriss Hall , then go to Pembroke Park .
go to East Side Station Post Office , then go to New Pembroke 1 .
go to Miller Hall , then go to Granoff Center .
go to Second Time Around , then go to College Hill Bookstore .
go to Pembroke Park , then go to Sidney Frank Hall .
go to New Pembroke 3 , then go to Second Time Around .
go to Biomedical Center , then go to 111 Brown Street North House .
go to Andreas and then to Thayer and Cushing
go to Emery & Wooley and then to Metcalf Hall
go to Brown University Bookstore and then to Soban
go to Granoff Center and then to Meeting Street Cafe
go to Emery & Wooley and then to Granoff Center
go to East Side Station Post Office and then to Morriss Hall
go to Champlin Hall and then to Biomedical Center
go to Brown University Bookstore and then to Thayer and Meeting
go to Andrews Terrace and then to Granoff Center
go to Smith Buonanno Hall and then to Meeting Street Cafe
go to Brown University Bookstore and then to Sharpe House
go to Biomedical Center through Andreas .
go to Alumnae Hall through Second Time Around .
go to West House through New Pembroke 1 .
go to Spiritus Fermenti through East Side Station Post Office .
go to J. R. Workman Garden through Peter Green House .
go to Meeting Street Cafe through Pembroke Park .
go to Granoff Center through Miller Hall .
go to Smith Buonanno Hall through Meeting Street Cafe .
go to College Hill Bookstore through Thayer and Meeting .
go to Morriss Hall through Salon Persia .
go to Sidney Frank Hall through New Pembroke 1 .
go to Brown University Bookstore through Andrews Terrace .
go to College Hill Bookstore through New Pembroke 3 .
go to Miller Hall through Sharpe House .
go to Champlin Hall through Emery & Wooley .
go to West House through Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to Emery Hall through Champlin Hall .
go to Hillel House through New Pembroke 4 .
go to 219 Bowen through New Pembroke 1 .
go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building before going to Thayer and Meeting
go to the College Hill Bookstore before going to West House
go to the Sidney Frank Hall before going to Pleasant Surprises
go to the Sidney Frank Hall before going to Spiritus Fermenti
go to the Alumnae Hall before going to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building
go to the West House before going to Granoff Center
go to the College Hill Bookstore before going to Hillel House
go to the Champlin Hall before going to 164 Angel
go to the Andreas before going to Champlin Hall
go to the 219 Bowen before going to Pembroke Park
go to the Spiritus Fermenti before going to Brown University Bookstore
go to College Hill Bookstore , then go to Thayer and Cushing .
go to East Side Station Post Office , then go to Blue State Coffee .
go to Verney-Woolley Hall , then go to J. R. Workman Garden .
go to College Hill Bookstore , then go to Andrews Hall .
go to Brown University Bookstore , then go to J. R. Workman Garden .
go to Morriss Hall , then go to Soban .
go to Supercuts , then go to Alumnae Hall .
go to Pleasant Surprises , then go to Sidney Frank Hall .
go to Spiritus Fermenti , then go to New Pembroke 3 .
go to New Pembroke 1 , then go to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go through Second Time Around then go to Smith Buonanno Hall .
go through Miller Hall then go to Biomedical Center .
go through CVS then go to Thayer and Meeting .
go through Brown University Bookstore then go to Emery & Wooley .
go through Biomedical Center then go to Verney-Woolley Hall .
go through West House then go to Pembroke Hall .
go through New Pembroke 4 then go to Second Time Around .
go through Andreas then go to Soban .
go through Sharpe House then go to West House .
go through Smith Buonanno Hall then go to Andreas .
go to Metcalf Hall through Morriss Hall
go to Avon Cinema through Blue State Coffee
go to Verney-Woolley Hall through Second Time Around
go to Hillel House through Miller Hall
go to College Hill Bookstore through Pembroke Hall
go to Second Time Around through Verney-Woolley Hall
go to Andrews Terrace through Brown University Bookstore
go to Champlin Hall through Brown University Bookstore
go to Andrews Hall through 219 Bowen
go to J. R. Workman Garden through 111 Brown Street North House
go to Granoff Center through New Pembroke 4
go to Sidney Frank Hall through Hillel House
go to Morriss Hall then go to Brown University Bookstore .
go to Pembroke Hall then go to Metcalf Hall .
go to Andrews Terrace then go to CVS .
go to New Pembroke 2 then go to Peter Green House .
go to Sidney Frank Hall then go to Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to Hillel House then go to 111 Brown Street North House .
go to Blue State Coffee then go to Soban .
go to Emery Hall then go to Andreas .
go to Brown University Bookstore then go to Salon Persia .
go to West House then go to Second Time Around .
go to Pleasant Surprises then go to Champlin Hall .
go to Second Time Around then go to Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to Sidney Frank Hall then go to New Pembroke 1 .
go to Alumnae Hall then go to Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to Morriss Hall then go to College Hill Bookstore .
go to Second Time Around through Thayer and Meeting .
go to Alumnae Hall through Biomedical Center .
go to J. R. Workman Garden through 219 Bowen .
go to Andreas through Spiritus Fermenti .
go to Emery & Wooley through Meeting Street Cafe .
go to Alumnae Hall through Emery & Wooley .
go to CVS through West House .
go to College Hill Bookstore through Salon Persia .
go to Andrews Terrace through Thayer and Cushing .
go to Berk's;Shanghai through Spiritus Fermenti .
go to East Side Station Post Office through Morriss Hall .
go to Sharpe House through Soban .
go to Avon Cinema through Andrews Hall .
go to Alumnae Hall through 219 Bowen .
first navigate to Supercuts , then go to J. R. Workman Garden .
first navigate to Berk's;Shanghai , then go to Granoff Center .
first navigate to Spiritus Fermenti , then go to Supercuts .
first navigate to Andreas , then go to Alumnae Hall .
first navigate to 219 Bowen , then go to Hillel House .
first navigate to West House , then go to Emery Hall .
first navigate to Morriss Hall , then go to Andrews Hall .
first navigate to Alumnae Hall , then go to CVS .
first navigate to Champlin Hall , then go to New Pembroke 2 .
first navigate to J. R. Workman Garden , then go to Sidney Frank Hall .
first navigate to CVS , then go to Andrews Terrace .
first navigate to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building , then go to Emery & Wooley .
first navigate to West House , then go to Soban .
first navigate to 111 Brown Street North House , then go to Spiritus Fermenti .
go to Metcalf Hall through New Pembroke 4
go to New Pembroke 3 through 111 Brown Street North House
go to Berk's;Shanghai through Smith Buonanno Hall
go to Sidney Frank Hall through Facing Thayer
go to West House through Facing Thayer
go to Metcalf Hall through Verney-Woolley Hall
go to Sharpe House through Verney-Woolley Hall
go to New Pembroke 4 through Emery Hall
go to Hillel House through Avon Cinema
go to West House through Biomedical Center
go to Avon Cinema through Alumnae Hall
go to Sidney Frank Hall through Champlin Hall
go to Soban through Sidney Frank Hall
always go to Peter Green House before New Pembroke 4 .
always go to Peter Green House before 219 Bowen .
always go to Thayer and Cushing before Andrews Terrace .
always go to Berk's;Shanghai before Peter Green House .
always go to Sidney Frank Hall before 111 Brown Street North House .
always go to Andreas before J. R. Workman Garden .
always go to New Pembroke 1 before Smith Buonanno Hall .
always go to Sidney Frank Hall before Morriss Hall .
always go to Pembroke Park before East Side Station Post Office .
always go to Blue State Coffee before Sharpe House .
always go to 111 Brown Street North House before Soban .
always go to West House before West House .
always go to Thayer and Meeting before Miller Hall .
always go to East Side Station Post Office before Spiritus Fermenti .
go to Blue State Coffee , then go to Metcalf Hall .
go to West House , then go to New Pembroke 1 .
go to Verney-Woolley Hall , then go to Granoff Center .
go to Thayer and Cushing , then go to 164 Angel .
go to Berk's;Shanghai , then go to Meeting Street Cafe .
go to Spiritus Fermenti , then go to Granoff Center .
go to Supercuts , then go to Emery & Wooley .
go to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building , then go to Hillel House .
go to Pleasant Surprises , then go to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to Granoff Center , then go to Supercuts .
go to Supercuts , then go to 219 Bowen .
go to Verney-Woolley Hall , then go to Peter Green House .
go to East Side Station Post Office , then go to Facing Thayer .
go to J. R. Workman Garden , then go to Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to 111 Brown Street North House , then go to Blue State Coffee .
go to 164 Angel by going through Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building
go to Miller Hall by going through Pembroke Park
go to 219 Bowen by going through College Hill Bookstore
go to Salon Persia by going through Berk's;Shanghai
go to 111 Brown Street North House by going through New Pembroke 1
go to Andreas by going through Pembroke Hall
go to Pembroke Hall by going through New Pembroke 2
go to Biomedical Center by going through Sidney Frank Hall
go to 111 Brown Street North House by going through Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building
go to Spiritus Fermenti by going through Avon Cinema
go to New Pembroke 3 by going through West House
go to West House after going to Emery & Wooley .
go to New Pembroke 3 after going to Morriss Hall .
go to New Pembroke 1 after going to Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to 111 Brown Street North House after going to Brown University Bookstore .
go to Sharpe House after going to Berk's;Shanghai .
go to Smith Buonanno Hall after going to Blue State Coffee .
go to 219 Bowen after going to Sidney Frank Hall .
go to 164 Angel after going to Metcalf Hall .
go to Morriss Hall after going to Thayer and Cushing .
go to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building after going to Champlin Hall .
go through Emery & Wooley to Spiritus Fermenti .
go through Sidney Frank Hall to Sidney Frank Hall .
go through Second Time Around to Emery & Wooley .
go through New Pembroke 2 to Brown University Bookstore .
go through New Pembroke 3 to Emery & Wooley .
go through Avon Cinema to Pembroke Hall .
go through Biomedical Center to Metcalf Hall .
go through Andreas to Thayer and Cushing .
go through Emery Hall to J. R. Workman Garden .
avoid the Miller Hall and travel to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
avoid the New Pembroke 2 and travel to the Biomedical Center .
avoid the Spiritus Fermenti and travel to the Morriss Hall .
avoid the Pembroke Hall and travel to the Emery Hall .
avoid the Facing Thayer and travel to the Hillel House .
avoid the 219 Bowen and travel to the Thayer and Meeting .
avoid the Salon Persia and travel to the Granoff Center .
avoid the Morriss Hall and travel to the Andreas .
avoid the Spiritus Fermenti and travel to the Avon Cinema .
avoid the Pembroke Hall and go to the Supercuts .
avoid the New Pembroke 2 and go to the Thayer and Meeting .
avoid the Emery Hall and go to the New Pembroke 1 .
avoid the Champlin Hall and go to the Pembroke Hall .
avoid the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building and go to the Pembroke Park .
avoid the West House and go to the 219 Bowen .
avoid the 164 Angel and go to the Andrews Hall .
avoid the Meeting Street Cafe and go to the East Side Station Post Office .
avoid the CVS and go to the Berk's;Shanghai .
avoid the Hillel House and go to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
avoid the Champlin Hall and go to the Metcalf Hall .
avoid the Andrews Terrace and go to the Andrews Hall .
avoid the Thayer and Meeting and go to the Facing Thayer .
avoid the Berk's;Shanghai and go to the Soban .
go to the J. R. Workman Garden avoiding the CVS .
go to the Hillel House avoiding the Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall avoiding the Second Time Around .
go to the Emery & Wooley avoiding the Peter Green House .
go to the 164 Angel avoiding the Soban .
go to the Smith Buonanno Hall avoiding the Andrews Terrace .
go to the Granoff Center avoiding the Champlin Hall .
go to the Pembroke Hall avoiding the Pembroke Park .
go to the New Pembroke 1 avoiding the Salon Persia .
always avoid the Thayer and Meeting and go to the Sharpe House .
always avoid the Second Time Around and go to the Emery & Wooley .
always avoid the Morriss Hall and go to the Salon Persia .
always avoid the Brown University Bookstore and go to the Granoff Center .
always avoid the Andrews Terrace and go to the Alumnae Hall .
always avoid the Brown University Bookstore and go to the Andrews Hall .
always avoid the Andrews Hall and go to the Sidney Frank Hall .
always avoid the J. R. Workman Garden and go to the Second Time Around .
always avoid the Morriss Hall and go to the New Pembroke 1 .
always avoid the Sharpe House and go to the Supercuts .
always avoid the Thayer and Cushing and go to the New Pembroke 1 .
always avoid the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building and go to the Biomedical Center .
go to the Metcalf Hall while avoiding the Thayer and Meeting
go to the Emery & Wooley while avoiding the Avon Cinema
go to the New Pembroke 4 while avoiding the Champlin Hall
go to the Sharpe House while avoiding the Thayer and Cushing
go to the Meeting Street Cafe while avoiding the Granoff Center
go to the Soban while avoiding the Miller Hall
go to the Emery & Wooley while avoiding the Pembroke Hall
go to the Meeting Street Cafe while avoiding the East Side Station Post Office
go to the Smith Buonanno Hall while avoiding the Pembroke Park
go to the East Side Station Post Office while avoiding the Andrews Terrace
navigate to the 219 Bowen always avoiding the Andreas .
navigate to the Brown University Bookstore always avoiding the Pembroke Hall .
navigate to the Andreas always avoiding the Sharpe House .
navigate to the Sidney Frank Hall always avoiding the Champlin Hall .
navigate to the Morriss Hall always avoiding the 164 Angel .
navigate to the J. R. Workman Garden always avoiding the Berk's;Shanghai .
navigate to the Sharpe House always avoiding the Sidney Frank Hall .
navigate to the Pembroke Hall always avoiding the Thayer and Meeting .
navigate to the Emery Hall always avoiding the Peter Green House .
navigate to the Andreas always avoiding the Salon Persia .
go to the Andreas and avoid the Morriss Hall .
go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building and avoid the 219 Bowen .
go to the Pleasant Surprises and avoid the Sharpe House .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall and avoid the Peter Green House .
go to the Smith Buonanno Hall and avoid the Meeting Street Cafe .
go to the Supercuts and avoid the Meeting Street Cafe .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall and avoid the New Pembroke 2 .
go to the Brown University Bookstore and avoid the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the New Pembroke 2 and avoid the Salon Persia .
go to the Brown University Bookstore and avoid the New Pembroke 2 .
go to the New Pembroke 3 and avoid the Salon Persia .
go to the Meeting Street Cafe and avoid the Thayer and Cushing .
always avoid the Biomedical Center and go to the East Side Station Post Office .
always avoid the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building and go to the West House .
always avoid the Miller Hall and go to the Blue State Coffee .
always avoid the Thayer and Meeting and go to the Spiritus Fermenti .
always avoid the New Pembroke 1 and go to the Sidney Frank Hall .
always avoid the CVS and go to the Pembroke Park .
always avoid the Smith Buonanno Hall and go to the Andreas .
always avoid the Metcalf Hall and go to the West House .
always avoid the New Pembroke 3 and go to the Sidney Frank Hall .
navigate to the Andrews Hall but never go to the West House .
navigate to the CVS but never go to the 164 Angel .
navigate to the Metcalf Hall but never go to the Pembroke Hall .
navigate to the Alumnae Hall but never go to the Supercuts .
navigate to the Miller Hall but never go to the Peter Green House .
navigate to the Supercuts but never go to the Metcalf Hall .
navigate to the Smith Buonanno Hall but never go to the Thayer and Cushing .
navigate to the Alumnae Hall but never go to the West House .
navigate to the Soban but never go to the Champlin Hall .
navigate to the Peter Green House but never go to the Andreas .
navigate to the Sidney Frank Hall but never go to the Morriss Hall .
avoid the Sidney Frank Hall , navigate to the Brown University Bookstore .
avoid the CVS , navigate to the West House .
avoid the Berk's;Shanghai , navigate to the Blue State Coffee .
avoid the Emery & Wooley , navigate to the 164 Angel .
avoid the Avon Cinema , navigate to the Salon Persia .
avoid the West House , navigate to the College Hill Bookstore .
avoid the 219 Bowen , navigate to the Pleasant Surprises .
avoid the Pembroke Park , navigate to the Sharpe House .
avoid the Second Time Around , navigate to the Pembroke Hall .
avoid the Thayer and Meeting , navigate to the Pembroke Hall .
avoid the New Pembroke 1 , navigate to the CVS .
avoid the Soban , navigate to the 219 Bowen .
avoid the New Pembroke 3 , navigate to the Meeting Street Cafe .
avoid the New Pembroke 4 , navigate to the Thayer and Meeting .
navigate to the 219 Bowen while avoiding the Facing Thayer .
navigate to the Meeting Street Cafe while avoiding the New Pembroke 1 .
navigate to the Brown University Bookstore while avoiding the Biomedical Center .
navigate to the West House while avoiding the Berk's;Shanghai .
navigate to the Sidney Frank Hall while avoiding the Sidney Frank Hall .
navigate to the Biomedical Center while avoiding the Blue State Coffee .
navigate to the Sharpe House while avoiding the J. R. Workman Garden .
navigate to the Avon Cinema while avoiding the New Pembroke 2 .
navigate to the Hillel House while avoiding the Thayer and Meeting .
navigate to the New Pembroke 2 while avoiding the Pembroke Hall .
navigate to the 219 Bowen while avoiding the Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to the Champlin Hall without going to the Sharpe House
go to the Smith Buonanno Hall without going to the New Pembroke 3
go to the Andreas without going to the New Pembroke 4
go to the Peter Green House without going to the CVS
go to the Avon Cinema without going to the Brown University Bookstore
go to the Andreas without going to the Pleasant Surprises
go to the Emery Hall without going to the Champlin Hall
go to the Brown University Bookstore without going to the Blue State Coffee
go to the Berk's;Shanghai without going to the Second Time Around
go to the Granoff Center without going to the Hillel House
go to the Champlin Hall without going to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building
go to the Pembroke Park without going to the Supercuts
go to the Andreas without going to the New Pembroke 1
go to the 111 Brown Street North House without going to the New Pembroke 2
go through the Champlin Hall to get to Champlin Hall
go through the Spiritus Fermenti to get to Spiritus Fermenti
go through the West House to get to West House
go through the Facing Thayer to get to Facing Thayer
avoid the West House and go to the Pembroke Hall .
avoid the Emery Hall and go to the New Pembroke 1 .
avoid the Morriss Hall and go to the Second Time Around .
avoid the CVS and go to the Emery Hall .
avoid the Andrews Hall and go to the Sidney Frank Hall .
avoid the Sidney Frank Hall and go to the Thayer and Meeting .
avoid the Peter Green House and go to the Emery Hall .
avoid the Verney-Woolley Hall and go to the Peter Green House .
avoid the Sharpe House and go to the Avon Cinema .
avoid the Soban and go to the College Hill Bookstore .
avoid the Verney-Woolley Hall and go to the Facing Thayer .
avoid the Thayer and Meeting and go to the West House .
avoid the Champlin Hall and go to the Miller Hall .
go to Alumnae Hall , but do not go to Supercuts .
go to Andrews Terrace , but do not go to New Pembroke 1 .
go to Peter Green House , but do not go to Soban .
go to New Pembroke 4 , but do not go to Hillel House .
go to Sharpe House , but do not go to 164 Angel .
go to Soban , but do not go to Pembroke Hall .
go to Salon Persia , but do not go to 219 Bowen .
go to East Side Station Post Office , but do not go to Granoff Center .
go to 111 Brown Street North House , but do not go to Andreas .
go to Thayer and Cushing , but do not go to Biomedical Center .
go to the New Pembroke 3 without going to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the Champlin Hall without going to the College Hill Bookstore .
go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building without going to the West House .
go to the College Hill Bookstore without going to the Facing Thayer .
go to the Brown University Bookstore without going to the West House .
go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building without going to the Avon Cinema .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall without going to the Andrews Terrace .
go to the New Pembroke 2 without going to the Andreas .
go to the 164 Angel without going to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to the New Pembroke 2 without going to the East Side Station Post Office .
go to the Meeting Street Cafe without going to the New Pembroke 1 .
go to the Facing Thayer without going to the Pembroke Hall .
go to the Blue State Coffee without going to the Thayer and Cushing .
avoid the 164 Angel and go to the Sidney Frank Hall .
avoid the Sharpe House and go to the Peter Green House .
avoid the New Pembroke 1 and go to the Pleasant Surprises .
avoid the Morriss Hall and go to the Alumnae Hall .
avoid the Supercuts and go to the J. R. Workman Garden .
avoid the Berk's;Shanghai and go to the Second Time Around .
avoid the Brown University Bookstore and go to the College Hill Bookstore .
avoid the Hillel House and go to the J. R. Workman Garden .
avoid the Champlin Hall and go to the New Pembroke 4 .
avoid the Avon Cinema and go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
avoid the New Pembroke 2 and go to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
avoid the Blue State Coffee and go to the Sidney Frank Hall .
avoid the Metcalf Hall and go to the 111 Brown Street North House .
avoid the Smith Buonanno Hall and go to the Salon Persia .
avoid the Andrews Terrace and go to the Andrews Hall .
avoid the Biomedical Center and go to the Emery & Wooley .
avoid the Facing Thayer and go to the Andreas .
avoid the New Pembroke 4 and go to the Sharpe House .
avoid the Facing Thayer and go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
avoid the Pembroke Park and go to the Granoff Center .
avoid the Sharpe House and go to the Pleasant Surprises .
avoid the Salon Persia and go to the Thayer and Meeting .
avoid the Morriss Hall and go to the Sharpe House .
avoid the Supercuts and go to the East Side Station Post Office .
avoid the Pembroke Park and go to the Granoff Center .
avoid the Brown University Bookstore and go to the Miller Hall .
avoid the Sharpe House and go to the Sidney Frank Hall .
avoid the Salon Persia and go to the Facing Thayer .
avoid the Granoff Center and go to the New Pembroke 2 .
avoid the Pleasant Surprises and go to the New Pembroke 3 .
avoid the Soban and go to the 111 Brown Street North House .
avoid the New Pembroke 2 and go to the Hillel House .
avoid the Morriss Hall and go to the Sidney Frank Hall .
avoid the Supercuts and go to the Sharpe House .
avoid the Pembroke Park and go to the Blue State Coffee .
avoid the Pembroke Hall and go to the Brown University Bookstore .
avoid the New Pembroke 1 and go to the New Pembroke 3 .
avoid the Smith Buonanno Hall and go to the Emery & Wooley .
avoid the Morriss Hall and go to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
avoid the Sharpe House and go to the Avon Cinema .
avoid the Biomedical Center and go to the Spiritus Fermenti .
avoid the Blue State Coffee and go to the Champlin Hall .
avoid the Facing Thayer and go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
avoid the Sharpe House and go to the Miller Hall .
avoid the New Pembroke 3 and go to the Champlin Hall .
move to the Alumnae Hall while avoiding the Second Time Around .
move to the Smith Buonanno Hall while avoiding the Verney-Woolley Hall .
move to the East Side Station Post Office while avoiding the Thayer and Meeting .
move to the Blue State Coffee while avoiding the Facing Thayer .
move to the Alumnae Hall while avoiding the Emery Hall .
move to the Champlin Hall while avoiding the Berk's;Shanghai .
move to the Metcalf Hall while avoiding the Thayer and Cushing .
move to the New Pembroke 2 while avoiding the Morriss Hall .
move to the Berk's;Shanghai while avoiding the Andrews Hall .
move to the Pembroke Hall while avoiding the Pleasant Surprises .
move to the Spiritus Fermenti while avoiding the Thayer and Meeting .
move to the Metcalf Hall while avoiding the Andreas .
go to the Peter Green House while always avoiding the Andreas
go to the New Pembroke 2 while always avoiding the Pembroke Hall
go to the Sidney Frank Hall while always avoiding the East Side Station Post Office
go to the Sidney Frank Hall while always avoiding the West House
go to the Morriss Hall while always avoiding the Andrews Hall
go to the Thayer and Cushing while always avoiding the Berk's;Shanghai
go to the Peter Green House while always avoiding the Avon Cinema
go to the Brown University Bookstore while always avoiding the CVS
go to the Miller Hall while always avoiding the Alumnae Hall
go to the Morriss Hall while always avoiding the Alumnae Hall
go to the green room .
go to the green room .
go to the green room .
avoid the Brown University Bookstore and navigate to the Miller Hall .
avoid the Thayer and Meeting and navigate to the Andrews Terrace .
avoid the West House and navigate to the West House .
avoid the Pembroke Hall and navigate to the Metcalf Hall .
avoid the Andrews Hall and navigate to the Berk's;Shanghai .
avoid the Granoff Center and navigate to the Sidney Frank Hall .
avoid the Emery & Wooley and navigate to the West House .
avoid the Supercuts and navigate to the Morriss Hall .
avoid the Facing Thayer and navigate to the Miller Hall .
avoid the CVS and navigate to the Meeting Street Cafe .
avoid the East Side Station Post Office and navigate to the Hillel House .
avoid the Morriss Hall and navigate to the Pleasant Surprises .
always avoid the Avon Cinema and go to the Granoff Center .
always avoid the Hillel House and go to the Andrews Hall .
always avoid the 111 Brown Street North House and go to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
always avoid the Metcalf Hall and go to the Champlin Hall .
always avoid the Thayer and Meeting and go to the Berk's;Shanghai .
always avoid the Andreas and go to the Soban .
always avoid the CVS and go to the New Pembroke 1 .
always avoid the East Side Station Post Office and go to the 111 Brown Street North House .
always avoid the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building and go to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
always avoid the West House and go to the Hillel House .
always avoid the Alumnae Hall and go to the Biomedical Center .
navigate to the Granoff Center , always avoiding the Verney-Woolley Hall .
navigate to the Supercuts , always avoiding the J. R. Workman Garden .
navigate to the Andrews Terrace , always avoiding the West House .
navigate to the College Hill Bookstore , always avoiding the Meeting Street Cafe .
navigate to the Metcalf Hall , always avoiding the 219 Bowen .
navigate to the Soban , always avoiding the Granoff Center .
navigate to the Biomedical Center , always avoiding the Sharpe House .
navigate to the Peter Green House , always avoiding the West House .
navigate to the Sidney Frank Hall , always avoiding the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
navigate to the Champlin Hall , always avoiding the 164 Angel .
navigate to the 164 Angel , always avoiding the Spiritus Fermenti .
avoid the Second Time Around while going to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
avoid the 111 Brown Street North House while going to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
avoid the Salon Persia while going to the Soban .
avoid the Biomedical Center while going to the Avon Cinema .
avoid the Thayer and Meeting while going to the West House .
avoid the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building while going to the Spiritus Fermenti .
avoid the Metcalf Hall while going to the College Hill Bookstore .
avoid the Thayer and Cushing while going to the Second Time Around .
avoid the Emery & Wooley while going to the Supercuts .
avoid the Soban while going to the West House .
go to the Meeting Street Cafe whilst avoiding the Miller Hall .
go to the Thayer and Cushing whilst avoiding the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the Granoff Center whilst avoiding the Peter Green House .
go to the New Pembroke 2 whilst avoiding the Soban .
go to the West House whilst avoiding the Berk's;Shanghai .
go to the Sharpe House whilst avoiding the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the Brown University Bookstore whilst avoiding the New Pembroke 3 .
go to the Thayer and Cushing whilst avoiding the Champlin Hall .
go to the Andrews Terrace whilst avoiding the Blue State Coffee .
go to the College Hill Bookstore whilst avoiding the Granoff Center .
go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building whilst avoiding the Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to the Peter Green House whilst avoiding the 111 Brown Street North House .
go to the 111 Brown Street North House whilst avoiding the Pembroke Park .
go to the Smith Buonanno Hall whilst avoiding the Sharpe House .
head to the Andreas without going through the East Side Station Post Office
head to the Pleasant Surprises without going through the Peter Green House
head to the Hillel House without going through the Sidney Frank Hall
head to the Emery & Wooley without going through the Pembroke Park
head to the Pembroke Park without going through the Sidney Frank Hall
head to the Sidney Frank Hall without going through the Andrews Hall
head to the New Pembroke 1 without going through the West House
head to the 111 Brown Street North House without going through the Emery & Wooley
head to the Emery & Wooley without going through the 164 Angel
avoid the New Pembroke 3 until you go to College Hill Bookstore .
avoid the Supercuts until you go to Salon Persia .
avoid the Miller Hall until you go to Morriss Hall .
avoid the Smith Buonanno Hall until you go to Sharpe House .
avoid the 219 Bowen until you go to Biomedical Center .
avoid the New Pembroke 1 until you go to Thayer and Meeting .
avoid the Soban until you go to Pembroke Park .
avoid the Andreas until you go to Smith Buonanno Hall .
avoid the Andreas until you go to Champlin Hall .
avoid the Avon Cinema until you go to West House .
avoid the Blue State Coffee until you go to Thayer and Meeting .
always avoid going to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building through the New Pembroke 3
always avoid going to Soban through the Thayer and Cushing
always avoid going to Thayer and Cushing through the Pembroke Park
always avoid going to Thayer and Meeting through the 219 Bowen
always avoid going to Verney-Woolley Hall through the Alumnae Hall
always avoid going to East Side Station Post Office through the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building
always avoid going to Miller Hall through the Brown University Bookstore
always avoid going to Blue State Coffee through the Brown University Bookstore
always avoid going to Biomedical Center through the Salon Persia
always avoid going to New Pembroke 3 through the Avon Cinema
always avoid going to 111 Brown Street North House through the Sidney Frank Hall
always avoid going to Facing Thayer through the Morriss Hall
always avoid going to J. R. Workman Garden through the Smith Buonanno Hall
avoid the Second Time Around until you navigate to Spiritus Fermenti .
avoid the Sidney Frank Hall until you navigate to Andreas .
avoid the Metcalf Hall until you navigate to Supercuts .
avoid the Pleasant Surprises until you navigate to New Pembroke 4 .
avoid the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building until you navigate to Pembroke Park .
avoid the Peter Green House until you navigate to 111 Brown Street North House .
avoid the Miller Hall until you navigate to Emery & Wooley .
avoid the Miller Hall until you navigate to Meeting Street Cafe .
avoid the Avon Cinema until you navigate to Spiritus Fermenti .
avoid the Facing Thayer until you navigate to Peter Green House .
avoid the Spiritus Fermenti until you navigate to Pembroke Park .
avoid the Spiritus Fermenti until you navigate to Champlin Hall .
do n't go into the Thayer and Cushing until going to Blue State Coffee
do n't go into the New Pembroke 3 until going to Sidney Frank Hall
do n't go into the Smith Buonanno Hall until going to Soban
do n't go into the Spiritus Fermenti until going to West House
do n't go into the Emery Hall until going to Salon Persia
do n't go into the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building until going to Avon Cinema
do n't go into the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building until going to East Side Station Post Office
do n't go into the Alumnae Hall until going to Blue State Coffee
do n't go into the J. R. Workman Garden until going to Morriss Hall
do n't go into the New Pembroke 1 until going to Thayer and Meeting
do n't go into the Sidney Frank Hall until going to New Pembroke 3
do n't go into the Granoff Center until going to Salon Persia
do n't go into the College Hill Bookstore until going to Spiritus Fermenti
do n't go into the Thayer and Meeting until going to Pembroke Hall
do n't go into the Second Time Around until going to Meeting Street Cafe
go to Blue State Coffee and avoid the Second Time Around .
go to Metcalf Hall and avoid the Soban .
go to Emery & Wooley and avoid the Pembroke Park .
go to Miller Hall and avoid the Alumnae Hall .
go to J. R. Workman Garden and avoid the Peter Green House .
go to Andrews Terrace and avoid the Morriss Hall .
go to Salon Persia and avoid the Alumnae Hall .
go to J. R. Workman Garden and avoid the Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to Biomedical Center and avoid the West House .
go to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building and avoid the Thayer and Cushing .
go to Brown University Bookstore and avoid the Soban .
go to Metcalf Hall and avoid the 219 Bowen .
go to Sidney Frank Hall and avoid the Thayer and Meeting .
go to New Pembroke 3 and avoid the Second Time Around .
go to New Pembroke 3 and avoid the Berk's;Shanghai .
do not go into the 219 Bowen until going to Brown University Bookstore
do not go into the Emery & Wooley until going to Second Time Around
do not go into the Emery Hall until going to Pembroke Hall
do not go into the New Pembroke 1 until going to Pleasant Surprises
do not go into the Champlin Hall until going to Smith Buonanno Hall
do not go into the Berk's;Shanghai until going to Sidney Frank Hall
do not go into the West House until going to Granoff Center
do not go into the J. R. Workman Garden until going to Verney-Woolley Hall
do not go into the Pleasant Surprises until going to West House
avoid the Andrews Terrace on your way to Granoff Center .
avoid the Berk's;Shanghai on your way to Supercuts .
avoid the West House on your way to Pembroke Hall .
avoid the J. R. Workman Garden on your way to Pleasant Surprises .
avoid the Hillel House on your way to Peter Green House .
avoid the Blue State Coffee on your way to Pembroke Park .
avoid the Pleasant Surprises on your way to Emery & Wooley .
avoid the Berk's;Shanghai on your way to Emery & Wooley .
avoid the Biomedical Center on your way to Sidney Frank Hall .
avoid the West House on your way to 111 Brown Street North House .
avoid the CVS on your way to Spiritus Fermenti .
avoid the East Side Station Post Office on your way to CVS .
avoid the New Pembroke 1 on your way to Avon Cinema .
avoid the Facing Thayer on your way to Andrews Terrace .
avoid the Smith Buonanno Hall on your way to New Pembroke 3 .
go to 219 Bowen but do not enter the Second Time Around first .
go to Champlin Hall but do not enter the Sidney Frank Hall first .
go to Hillel House but do not enter the 111 Brown Street North House first .
go to J. R. Workman Garden but do not enter the New Pembroke 3 first .
go to New Pembroke 4 but do not enter the Avon Cinema first .
go to Pembroke Hall but do not enter the Thayer and Cushing first .
go to Emery & Wooley but do not enter the 164 Angel first .
go to New Pembroke 1 but do not enter the Metcalf Hall first .
go to Metcalf Hall but do not enter the Supercuts first .
go to New Pembroke 1 but do not enter the CVS first .
go to Facing Thayer but do not enter the East Side Station Post Office first .
always avoid going to New Pembroke 3 through the College Hill Bookstore
always avoid going to Avon Cinema through the Peter Green House
always avoid going to Blue State Coffee through the Andrews Hall
always avoid going to Blue State Coffee through the Second Time Around
always avoid going to Blue State Coffee through the Sidney Frank Hall
always avoid going to Sharpe House through the College Hill Bookstore
always avoid going to Andreas through the Second Time Around
always avoid going to New Pembroke 1 through the Thayer and Meeting
always avoid going to Pembroke Park through the 219 Bowen
always avoid going to 111 Brown Street North House through the 219 Bowen
avoid the Andreas until you go to Thayer and Cushing .
avoid the Peter Green House until you go to Emery & Wooley .
avoid the West House until you go to Avon Cinema .
avoid the CVS until you go to Smith Buonanno Hall .
avoid the Andrews Terrace until you go to College Hill Bookstore .
avoid the Thayer and Meeting until you go to Soban .
avoid the Thayer and Meeting until you go to Verney-Woolley Hall .
avoid the Second Time Around until you go to CVS .
avoid the Pembroke Park until you go to Miller Hall .
go to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building avoiding the Facing Thayer . then go to the Facing Thayer or stay on Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to Berk's;Shanghai avoiding the Andrews Terrace . then go to the Andrews Terrace or stay on Berk's;Shanghai .
go to Biomedical Center avoiding the Thayer and Cushing . then go to the Thayer and Cushing or stay on Biomedical Center .
go to CVS avoiding the Berk's;Shanghai . then go to the Berk's;Shanghai or stay on CVS .
go to Verney-Woolley Hall avoiding the West House . then go to the West House or stay on Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to 219 Bowen avoiding the Brown University Bookstore . then go to the Brown University Bookstore or stay on 219 Bowen .
go to Thayer and Meeting avoiding the 219 Bowen . then go to the 219 Bowen or stay on Thayer and Meeting .
go to Hillel House avoiding the Morriss Hall . then go to the Morriss Hall or stay on Hillel House .
go to Soban avoiding the 111 Brown Street North House . then go to the 111 Brown Street North House or stay on Soban .
go to Smith Buonanno Hall avoiding the New Pembroke 3 . then go to the New Pembroke 3 or stay on Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to Brown University Bookstore avoiding the Andreas . then go to the Andreas or stay on Brown University Bookstore .
go to Miller Hall avoiding the Smith Buonanno Hall . then go to the Smith Buonanno Hall or stay on Miller Hall .
go to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building avoiding the Andrews Hall . then go to the Andrews Hall or stay on Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to West House avoiding the Emery Hall . then go to the Emery Hall or stay on West House .
go to Andrews Hall avoiding the New Pembroke 4 . then go to the New Pembroke 4 or stay on Andrews Hall .
go to Second Time Around , avoiding the Pleasant Surprises
go to Alumnae Hall , avoiding the Sharpe House
go to Supercuts , avoiding the Facing Thayer
go to Blue State Coffee , avoiding the Smith Buonanno Hall
go to Salon Persia , avoiding the Berk's;Shanghai
go to Sidney Frank Hall , avoiding the Hillel House
go to Pleasant Surprises , avoiding the Second Time Around
go to Brown University Bookstore , avoiding the New Pembroke 2
go to New Pembroke 4 , avoiding the Thayer and Meeting
go to Second Time Around , avoiding the New Pembroke 4
go to Miller Hall , avoiding the Sidney Frank Hall
go to West House , avoiding the Avon Cinema
go to Second Time Around but do not first go through the Avon Cinema .
go to Thayer and Cushing but do not first go through the 111 Brown Street North House .
go to Sidney Frank Hall but do not first go through the Andrews Hall .
go to Andreas but do not first go through the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to Alumnae Hall but do not first go through the West House .
go to Second Time Around but do not first go through the Morriss Hall .
go to New Pembroke 1 but do not first go through the Pembroke Hall .
go to West House but do not first go through the Andrews Terrace .
go to Sharpe House but do not first go through the Supercuts .
always avoid going to Thayer and Cushing through the Emery & Wooley
always avoid going to East Side Station Post Office through the Spiritus Fermenti
always avoid going to East Side Station Post Office through the Emery Hall
always avoid going to Berk's;Shanghai through the Pleasant Surprises
always avoid going to Sharpe House through the Champlin Hall
always avoid going to New Pembroke 3 through the New Pembroke 1
always avoid going to Granoff Center through the Metcalf Hall
always avoid going to Salon Persia through the J. R. Workman Garden
always avoid going to Brown University Bookstore through the Pleasant Surprises
always avoid going to West House through the Salon Persia
always avoid going to Smith Buonanno Hall through the Andrews Hall
avoid the New Pembroke 3 until New Pembroke 1 .
avoid the Emery Hall until Sidney Frank Hall .
avoid the Champlin Hall until New Pembroke 2 .
avoid the Pembroke Park until Berk's;Shanghai .
avoid the Pembroke Hall until New Pembroke 1 .
avoid the Granoff Center until Emery & Wooley .
avoid the Sidney Frank Hall until Second Time Around .
avoid the Emery & Wooley until Spiritus Fermenti .
avoid the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building until Soban .
avoid the Meeting Street Cafe until Pembroke Hall .
avoid the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building until 164 Angel .
avoid the New Pembroke 3 until Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to Smith Buonanno Hall by avoiding the Thayer and Meeting and then stay there or continue to the Thayer and Meeting .
go to Metcalf Hall by avoiding the Blue State Coffee and then stay there or continue to the Blue State Coffee .
go to Champlin Hall by avoiding the J. R. Workman Garden and then stay there or continue to the J. R. Workman Garden .
go to Emery & Wooley by avoiding the Supercuts and then stay there or continue to the Supercuts .
go to Emery Hall by avoiding the New Pembroke 4 and then stay there or continue to the New Pembroke 4 .
go to Peter Green House by avoiding the West House and then stay there or continue to the West House .
go to West House by avoiding the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building and then stay there or continue to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to Sidney Frank Hall by avoiding the Smith Buonanno Hall and then stay there or continue to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to Miller Hall by avoiding the 164 Angel and then stay there or continue to the 164 Angel .
go to Soban by avoiding the Pembroke Hall and then stay there or continue to the Pembroke Hall .
go to Andrews Terrace by avoiding the Spiritus Fermenti and then stay there or continue to the Spiritus Fermenti .
go to Champlin Hall by avoiding the New Pembroke 4 and then stay there or continue to the New Pembroke 4 .
go to College Hill Bookstore by avoiding the CVS and then stay there or continue to the CVS .
go to Emery Hall by avoiding the Peter Green House and then stay there or continue to the Peter Green House .
go to Pleasant Surprises by avoiding the Second Time Around and then stay there or continue to the Second Time Around .
avoid the Miller Hall until going through Hillel House .
avoid the Meeting Street Cafe until going through Granoff Center .
avoid the New Pembroke 2 until going through Sharpe House .
avoid the Andrews Hall until going through Spiritus Fermenti .
avoid the 111 Brown Street North House until going through Avon Cinema .
avoid the Emery & Wooley until going through Granoff Center .
avoid the New Pembroke 4 until going through Blue State Coffee .
avoid the 219 Bowen until going through Pembroke Park .
avoid the Meeting Street Cafe until going through Andreas .
avoid the East Side Station Post Office until going through College Hill Bookstore .
avoid the East Side Station Post Office until going through CVS .
avoid the CVS until going through Morriss Hall .
avoid the Avon Cinema until going through Pembroke Hall .
go to CVS , avoid the Supercuts until you have been to the CVS
go to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building , avoid the Andreas until you have been to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building
go to Smith Buonanno Hall , avoid the New Pembroke 3 until you have been to the Smith Buonanno Hall
go to Blue State Coffee , avoid the Metcalf Hall until you have been to the Blue State Coffee
go to Morriss Hall , avoid the Meeting Street Cafe until you have been to the Morriss Hall
go to Spiritus Fermenti , avoid the Avon Cinema until you have been to the Spiritus Fermenti
go to College Hill Bookstore , avoid the J. R. Workman Garden until you have been to the College Hill Bookstore
go to Smith Buonanno Hall , avoid the 164 Angel until you have been to the Smith Buonanno Hall
go to J. R. Workman Garden , avoid the Soban until you have been to the J. R. Workman Garden
go to Pembroke Park , avoid the Sidney Frank Hall until you have been to the Pembroke Park
go to Second Time Around , avoid the Alumnae Hall until you have been to the Second Time Around
go to Pembroke Hall , avoid the Morriss Hall until you have been to the Pembroke Hall
go to Verney-Woolley Hall , avoid the Soban until you have been to the Verney-Woolley Hall
go to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building , avoid the West House until you have been to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building
go to Morriss Hall , avoid the Miller Hall until you have been to the Morriss Hall
go to Pembroke Hall before going in the Avon Cinema
go to Metcalf Hall before going in the CVS
go to Thayer and Meeting before going in the Sharpe House
go to Supercuts before going in the Metcalf Hall
go to Andreas before going in the Soban
go to New Pembroke 3 before going in the Andreas
go to Second Time Around before going in the Smith Buonanno Hall
go to Salon Persia before going in the New Pembroke 2
go to Thayer and Cushing before going in the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building
go to Pembroke Park before going in the New Pembroke 2
go to Brown University Bookstore before going in the New Pembroke 4
go to Second Time Around before going in the Emery Hall
go to Champlin Hall before going in the Facing Thayer
avoid the West House until going to Pembroke Park .
avoid the CVS until going to Supercuts .
avoid the Champlin Hall until going to Meeting Street Cafe .
avoid the Thayer and Meeting until going to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
avoid the Sidney Frank Hall until going to Biomedical Center .
avoid the J. R. Workman Garden until going to Spiritus Fermenti .
avoid the Second Time Around until going to Miller Hall .
avoid the Avon Cinema until going to Pembroke Hall .
avoid the 164 Angel until going to Andrews Terrace .
avoid the East Side Station Post Office until going to Berk's;Shanghai .
avoid the Pembroke Park until going to Spiritus Fermenti .
avoid the Biomedical Center and go to Brown University Bookstore if you reached the Brown University Bookstore , you can now go to the Biomedical Center or stay on Brown University Bookstore .
avoid the Brown University Bookstore and go to Sharpe House if you reached the Sharpe House , you can now go to the Brown University Bookstore or stay on Sharpe House .
avoid the Andrews Hall and go to Andrews Terrace if you reached the Andrews Terrace , you can now go to the Andrews Hall or stay on Andrews Terrace .
avoid the Soban and go to Morriss Hall if you reached the Morriss Hall , you can now go to the Soban or stay on Morriss Hall .
avoid the Brown University Bookstore and go to New Pembroke 1 if you reached the New Pembroke 1 , you can now go to the Brown University Bookstore or stay on New Pembroke 1 .
avoid the Thayer and Cushing and go to Biomedical Center if you reached the Biomedical Center , you can now go to the Thayer and Cushing or stay on Biomedical Center .
avoid the Brown University Bookstore and go to New Pembroke 2 if you reached the New Pembroke 2 , you can now go to the Brown University Bookstore or stay on New Pembroke 2 .
avoid the Andrews Terrace and go to West House if you reached the West House , you can now go to the Andrews Terrace or stay on West House .
avoid the Pembroke Park and go to Avon Cinema if you reached the Avon Cinema , you can now go to the Pembroke Park or stay on Avon Cinema .
avoid the CVS and go to Berk's;Shanghai if you reached the Berk's;Shanghai , you can now go to the CVS or stay on Berk's;Shanghai .
avoid the New Pembroke 2 and go to Avon Cinema if you reached the Avon Cinema , you can now go to the New Pembroke 2 or stay on Avon Cinema .
avoid the Morriss Hall until going to Emery Hall .
avoid the Thayer and Cushing until going to Sharpe House .
avoid the Emery & Wooley until going to Morriss Hall .
avoid the Blue State Coffee until going to New Pembroke 3 .
avoid the Metcalf Hall until going to Second Time Around .
avoid the Morriss Hall until going to Salon Persia .
avoid the Emery Hall until going to Verney-Woolley Hall .
avoid the Andrews Hall until going to Meeting Street Cafe .
avoid the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building until going to Salon Persia .
avoid the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building until going to Smith Buonanno Hall .
avoid the New Pembroke 3 until going to New Pembroke 1 .
move to 111 Brown Street North House without entering the Sharpe House . then you may stay at 111 Brown Street North House or go to the Sharpe House .
move to Thayer and Cushing without entering the 164 Angel . then you may stay at Thayer and Cushing or go to the 164 Angel .
move to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building without entering the Pembroke Park . then you may stay at Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building or go to the Pembroke Park .
move to Champlin Hall without entering the 219 Bowen . then you may stay at Champlin Hall or go to the 219 Bowen .
move to Granoff Center without entering the Emery & Wooley . then you may stay at Granoff Center or go to the Emery & Wooley .
move to Thayer and Meeting without entering the Spiritus Fermenti . then you may stay at Thayer and Meeting or go to the Spiritus Fermenti .
move to Morriss Hall without entering the Verney-Woolley Hall . then you may stay at Morriss Hall or go to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
move to Pembroke Park without entering the 111 Brown Street North House . then you may stay at Pembroke Park or go to the 111 Brown Street North House .
move to West House without entering the New Pembroke 4 . then you may stay at West House or go to the New Pembroke 4 .
move to Metcalf Hall without entering the Spiritus Fermenti . then you may stay at Metcalf Hall or go to the Spiritus Fermenti .
move to Andrews Terrace without entering the Meeting Street Cafe . then you may stay at Andrews Terrace or go to the Meeting Street Cafe .
move to Sidney Frank Hall without entering the Pleasant Surprises . then you may stay at Sidney Frank Hall or go to the Pleasant Surprises .
move to West House without entering the Hillel House . then you may stay at West House or go to the Hillel House .
move to Thayer and Cushing without entering the Berk's;Shanghai . then you may stay at Thayer and Cushing or go to the Berk's;Shanghai .
avoid the Thayer and Cushing until you go to Champlin Hall .
avoid the 219 Bowen until you go to Sidney Frank Hall .
avoid the Pembroke Park until you go to Andreas .
avoid the Sidney Frank Hall until you go to Pembroke Park .
avoid the CVS until you go to Pleasant Surprises .
avoid the Sidney Frank Hall until you go to Biomedical Center .
avoid the Andreas until you go to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
avoid the Verney-Woolley Hall until you go to Facing Thayer .
avoid the Pembroke Hall until you go to Emery & Wooley .
avoid the Morriss Hall until you go to New Pembroke 1 .
avoid the Andrews Hall until you go to Meeting Street Cafe .
avoid the Spiritus Fermenti until you go to College Hill Bookstore .
avoid the Peter Green House until reaching Granoff Center .
avoid the Supercuts until reaching Thayer and Cushing .
avoid the West House until reaching Spiritus Fermenti .
avoid the 219 Bowen until reaching Morriss Hall .
avoid the Avon Cinema until reaching New Pembroke 2 .
avoid the College Hill Bookstore until reaching Morriss Hall .
avoid the Morriss Hall until reaching College Hill Bookstore .
avoid the Champlin Hall until reaching Facing Thayer .
avoid the East Side Station Post Office until reaching Facing Thayer .
avoid the Pembroke Hall until going to Berk's;Shanghai .
avoid the Miller Hall until going to Verney-Woolley Hall .
avoid the J. R. Workman Garden until going to New Pembroke 1 .
avoid the Brown University Bookstore until going to Meeting Street Cafe .
avoid the Andreas until going to Pembroke Hall .
avoid the Andrews Terrace until going to East Side Station Post Office .
avoid the Soban until going to 219 Bowen .
avoid the Sharpe House until going to 219 Bowen .
avoid the 111 Brown Street North House until going to Andreas .
go through 164 Angel before going to the Granoff Center .
go through Pleasant Surprises before going to the Alumnae Hall .
go through Morriss Hall before going to the Granoff Center .
go through Andrews Terrace before going to the Pleasant Surprises .
go through Peter Green House before going to the Thayer and Cushing .
go through Verney-Woolley Hall before going to the Peter Green House .
go through Andrews Terrace before going to the J. R. Workman Garden .
go through Andrews Hall before going to the East Side Station Post Office .
go through Supercuts before going to the Champlin Hall .
go through Miller Hall before going to the College Hill Bookstore .
avoid the Pleasant Surprises until passing J. R. Workman Garden .
avoid the New Pembroke 3 until passing Emery & Wooley .
avoid the Verney-Woolley Hall until passing Miller Hall .
avoid the Alumnae Hall until passing Sharpe House .
avoid the Meeting Street Cafe until passing Salon Persia .
avoid the Pembroke Park until passing Hillel House .
avoid the Avon Cinema until passing Sharpe House .
avoid the Morriss Hall until passing College Hill Bookstore .
avoid the Alumnae Hall until passing Pleasant Surprises .
avoid the Facing Thayer until passing Meeting Street Cafe .
avoid the 164 Angel until passing West House .
avoid the Supercuts until passing Salon Persia .
avoid the Salon Persia until passing East Side Station Post Office .
go to Miller Hall first , without passing through the Emery Hall
go to Avon Cinema first , without passing through the Berk's;Shanghai
go to Metcalf Hall first , without passing through the Second Time Around
go to Andrews Terrace first , without passing through the West House
go to Champlin Hall first , without passing through the Morriss Hall
go to Soban first , without passing through the Peter Green House
go to Blue State Coffee first , without passing through the Smith Buonanno Hall
go to Avon Cinema first , without passing through the 219 Bowen
go to Thayer and Cushing first , without passing through the Hillel House
go to College Hill Bookstore first , without passing through the Berk's;Shanghai
go to Meeting Street Cafe first , without passing through the Granoff Center
go to New Pembroke 4 first , without passing through the Andreas
go to New Pembroke 1 first , without passing through the Brown University Bookstore
avoid the first and Verney-Woolley Hall and go to Verney-Woolley Hall .
avoid the first and Second Time Around and go to Second Time Around .
avoid the first and Sidney Frank Hall and go to Sidney Frank Hall .
go to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building through the New Pembroke 2
go to Sharpe House through the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building
go to Morriss Hall through the Metcalf Hall
go to Granoff Center through the Thayer and Meeting
go to 111 Brown Street North House through the Salon Persia
go to New Pembroke 3 through the New Pembroke 2
go to CVS through the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building
go to Pleasant Surprises through the Second Time Around
go to Facing Thayer through the Morriss Hall
go to Verney-Woolley Hall through the Sidney Frank Hall
go to Second Time Around through the Verney-Woolley Hall
stay on the Morriss Hall and go to Champlin Hall .
stay on the 219 Bowen and go to Andreas .
stay on the Peter Green House and go to Champlin Hall .
stay on the Morriss Hall and go to Meeting Street Cafe .
stay on the Berk's;Shanghai and go to Smith Buonanno Hall .
stay on the Emery Hall and go to Granoff Center .
stay on the Spiritus Fermenti and go to Pleasant Surprises .
stay on the CVS and go to 219 Bowen .
stay on the Emery & Wooley and go to West House .
stay on the Metcalf Hall and go to Andrews Terrace .
stay on the 219 Bowen and go to Avon Cinema .
stay on the Sidney Frank Hall and go to Champlin Hall .
stay on the Andreas and go to Metcalf Hall .
stay on the Andrews Terrace and go to Blue State Coffee .
stay on the Brown University Bookstore and go to Pembroke Park .
stay on the Soban and go to Supercuts .
stay on the Supercuts and go to Blue State Coffee .
stay on the Peter Green House and go to College Hill Bookstore .
stay on the Andrews Terrace and go to 111 Brown Street North House .
stay on the Blue State Coffee and go to Champlin Hall .
stay on the Thayer and Cushing and go to West House .
stay on the Andrews Terrace and go to Emery & Wooley .
visit Peter Green House but do n't leave the Avon Cinema .
visit New Pembroke 1 but do n't leave the Facing Thayer .
visit Andrews Terrace but do n't leave the Spiritus Fermenti .
visit Emery Hall but do n't leave the New Pembroke 4 .
visit Brown University Bookstore but do n't leave the New Pembroke 4 .
visit Andrews Terrace but do n't leave the Facing Thayer .
visit New Pembroke 4 but do n't leave the Thayer and Meeting .
visit Alumnae Hall but do n't leave the West House .
visit 164 Angel but do n't leave the Spiritus Fermenti .
visit West House but do n't leave the Second Time Around .
visit Alumnae Hall but do n't leave the Pembroke Hall .
go to Andrews Terrace while staying on the Alumnae Hall .
go to Alumnae Hall while staying on the Pembroke Hall .
go to Pembroke Park while staying on the CVS .
go to New Pembroke 3 while staying on the Salon Persia .
go to Verney-Woolley Hall while staying on the Thayer and Meeting .
go to Champlin Hall while staying on the Meeting Street Cafe .
go to Blue State Coffee while staying on the Meeting Street Cafe .
go to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building while staying on the Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to Blue State Coffee while staying on the 219 Bowen .
go to Andreas while staying on the Thayer and Meeting .
go to New Pembroke 2 while staying on the 111 Brown Street North House .
go to J. R. Workman Garden while staying on the Soban .
go to Thayer and Meeting while staying on the Facing Thayer .
avoid the first and Salon Persia and go to Salon Persia .
avoid the first and Pembroke Park and go to Pembroke Park .
avoid the first and Blue State Coffee and go to Blue State Coffee .
go to landmark 1 .
go to landmark 1 .
stay on the Miller Hall and move to Verney-Woolley Hall .
stay on the Sidney Frank Hall and move to 219 Bowen .
stay on the Supercuts and move to Metcalf Hall .
stay on the New Pembroke 2 and move to 219 Bowen .
stay on the New Pembroke 1 and move to Granoff Center .
stay on the Metcalf Hall and move to J. R. Workman Garden .
stay on the Berk's;Shanghai and move to Champlin Hall .
stay on the Supercuts and move to Alumnae Hall .
stay on the Morriss Hall and move to Andrews Terrace .
stay on the Morriss Hall and move to Sharpe House .
stay on the Avon Cinema and go to Facing Thayer .
stay on the Miller Hall and go to Spiritus Fermenti .
stay on the Brown University Bookstore and go to Thayer and Cushing .
stay on the Supercuts and go to Sidney Frank Hall .
stay on the Andrews Hall and go to Hillel House .
stay on the Andrews Hall and go to Pembroke Park .
stay on the Pembroke Park and go to J. R. Workman Garden .
stay on the New Pembroke 4 and go to Second Time Around .
stay on the Smith Buonanno Hall and go to 219 Bowen .
got to landmark 1 through the green room .
got to landmark 1 through the green room .
got to landmark 1 through the green room .
avoid the first and New Pembroke 4 and go to New Pembroke 4 .
avoid the first and J. R. Workman Garden and go to J. R. Workman Garden .
avoid the first and Facing Thayer and go to Facing Thayer .
avoid the first and Sidney Frank Hall and go to Sidney Frank Hall .
stay on the Pleasant Surprises while navigating to Sidney Frank Hall .
stay on the Spiritus Fermenti while navigating to Brown University Bookstore .
stay on the Biomedical Center while navigating to West House .
stay on the Emery Hall while navigating to Berk's;Shanghai .
stay on the Pleasant Surprises while navigating to Emery Hall .
stay on the Soban while navigating to Alumnae Hall .
stay on the Avon Cinema while navigating to Facing Thayer .
stay on the Soban while navigating to Thayer and Meeting .
stay on the Sidney Frank Hall while navigating to Facing Thayer .
go to landmark 1 while avoiding going through any other objects
go to landmark 1 while avoiding going through any other objects
go to Pleasant Surprises from the Blue State Coffee only .
go to Andreas from the Thayer and Meeting only .
go to Emery & Wooley from the Sidney Frank Hall only .
go to Emery & Wooley from the Supercuts only .
go to Miller Hall from the Soban only .
go to CVS from the Sharpe House only .
go to Metcalf Hall from the Pembroke Hall only .
go to Verney-Woolley Hall from the New Pembroke 2 only .
go to Champlin Hall from the Second Time Around only .
go to Sidney Frank Hall from the Miller Hall only .
go to Facing Thayer while avoiding the first and Facing Thayer .
go to Miller Hall while avoiding the first and Miller Hall .
go to Soban while avoiding the first and Soban .
go to 111 Brown Street North House while avoiding the first and 111 Brown Street North House .
go to Salon Persia but remain on the Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to Berk's;Shanghai but remain on the Champlin Hall .
go to New Pembroke 2 but remain on the Biomedical Center .
go to 164 Angel but remain on the Facing Thayer .
go to Supercuts but remain on the 111 Brown Street North House .
go to Facing Thayer but remain on the West House .
go to Emery Hall but remain on the New Pembroke 1 .
go to Andrews Terrace but remain on the Blue State Coffee .
go to Champlin Hall but remain on the Miller Hall .
go to Second Time Around but remain on the East Side Station Post Office .
go to Pembroke Park but remain on the Meeting Street Cafe .
stay on the Andrews Hall and navigate to Sharpe House .
stay on the Spiritus Fermenti and navigate to Meeting Street Cafe .
stay on the East Side Station Post Office and navigate to Sharpe House .
stay on the Blue State Coffee and navigate to 111 Brown Street North House .
stay on the Sharpe House and navigate to 111 Brown Street North House .
stay on the Blue State Coffee and navigate to 219 Bowen .
stay on the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building and navigate to Thayer and Cushing .
stay on the New Pembroke 1 and navigate to Biomedical Center .
stay on the West House and navigate to Metcalf Hall .
stay on the Sharpe House and navigate to Salon Persia .
stay on the Brown University Bookstore and navigate to Verney-Woolley Hall .
stay on the Granoff Center and navigate to Facing Thayer .
stay on the Alumnae Hall and navigate to Brown University Bookstore .
avoid the first floor and the Verney-Woolley Hall and go to Verney-Woolley Hall .
avoid the first floor and the Sharpe House and go to Sharpe House .
avoid the first floor and the Pembroke Hall and go to Pembroke Hall .
avoid the first floor and the J. R. Workman Garden and go to J. R. Workman Garden .
stay on the 111 Brown Street North House and navigate to Champlin Hall .
stay on the Meeting Street Cafe and navigate to Champlin Hall .
stay on the Emery & Wooley and navigate to Emery Hall .
stay on the Sidney Frank Hall and navigate to 164 Angel .
stay on the New Pembroke 2 and navigate to Brown University Bookstore .
stay on the Sidney Frank Hall and navigate to Spiritus Fermenti .
stay on the Pleasant Surprises and navigate to Brown University Bookstore .
stay on the Pembroke Park and navigate to Miller Hall .
stay on the Sidney Frank Hall and navigate to Champlin Hall .
stay on the Second Time Around and navigate to 111 Brown Street North House .
stay on the Facing Thayer and navigate to Biomedical Center .
stay on the Sidney Frank Hall and navigate to Andreas .
stay on the 164 Angel to get to Brown University Bookstore .
stay on the Granoff Center to get to Andreas .
stay on the Thayer and Cushing to get to Emery & Wooley .
stay on the West House to get to East Side Station Post Office .
stay on the New Pembroke 1 to get to Granoff Center .
stay on the West House to get to Pleasant Surprises .
stay on the Soban to get to Supercuts .
stay on the Sidney Frank Hall to get to Brown University Bookstore .
stay on the Thayer and Meeting to get to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
stay on the New Pembroke 4 to get to Thayer and Meeting .
stay on the College Hill Bookstore to get to Thayer and Cushing .
stay on the 219 Bowen to get to Emery Hall .
stay on the Blue State Coffee to get to Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to Avon Cinema only through the New Pembroke 4
go to Sidney Frank Hall only through the Berk's;Shanghai
go to J. R. Workman Garden only through the Alumnae Hall
go to Pleasant Surprises only through the Champlin Hall
go to 164 Angel only through the Soban
go to Thayer and Cushing only through the Hillel House
go to New Pembroke 2 only through the 164 Angel
go to CVS only through the Salon Persia
go to J. R. Workman Garden only through the CVS
go to 219 Bowen only through the New Pembroke 4
move to Second Time Around without leaving the Spiritus Fermenti .
move to Second Time Around without leaving the Brown University Bookstore .
move to Avon Cinema without leaving the Brown University Bookstore .
move to Metcalf Hall without leaving the Thayer and Cushing .
move to Salon Persia without leaving the Meeting Street Cafe .
move to Metcalf Hall without leaving the Andrews Hall .
move to Morriss Hall without leaving the Soban .
move to College Hill Bookstore without leaving the Spiritus Fermenti .
move to Salon Persia without leaving the Berk's;Shanghai .
move to Thayer and Cushing without leaving the Brown University Bookstore .
move to Blue State Coffee without leaving the Soban .
move to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building without leaving the Verney-Woolley Hall .
move to Blue State Coffee without leaving the Berk's;Shanghai .
move to Champlin Hall without leaving the Verney-Woolley Hall .
move to Hillel House without leaving the New Pembroke 2 .
avoid the second and Pembroke Hall and go to the Pembroke Hall .
avoid the second and 219 Bowen and go to the 219 Bowen .
avoid the second and Verney-Woolley Hall and go to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
avoid the second and Thayer and Cushing and go to the Thayer and Cushing .
go to the Spiritus Fermenti only through the West House
go to the Salon Persia only through the Pleasant Surprises
go to the Andrews Terrace only through the Sharpe House
go to the Pembroke Park only through the 219 Bowen
go to the 219 Bowen only through the East Side Station Post Office
go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building only through the Brown University Bookstore
go to the East Side Station Post Office only through the Sidney Frank Hall
go to the Pembroke Hall only through the Smith Buonanno Hall
go to the New Pembroke 2 only through the Soban
stay on the 164 Angel while going to the New Pembroke 1 .
stay on the New Pembroke 3 while going to the Spiritus Fermenti .
stay on the Emery Hall while going to the Champlin Hall .
stay on the Berk's;Shanghai while going to the Meeting Street Cafe .
stay on the Emery Hall while going to the Thayer and Cushing .
stay on the Andrews Terrace while going to the Facing Thayer .
stay on the Berk's;Shanghai while going to the Granoff Center .
stay on the West House while going to the Champlin Hall .
stay on the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building while going to the Metcalf Hall .
stay on the Champlin Hall while going to the Granoff Center .
avoid the second and Facing Thayer and go to the Facing Thayer .
avoid the second and Emery & Wooley and go to the Emery & Wooley .
avoid the second and 164 Angel and go to the 164 Angel .
avoid the second and Metcalf Hall and go to the Metcalf Hall .
proceed to the Blue State Coffee but do n't leave the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
proceed to the 219 Bowen but do n't leave the Hillel House .
proceed to the Supercuts but do n't leave the Andrews Terrace .
proceed to the Thayer and Cushing but do n't leave the Champlin Hall .
proceed to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building but do n't leave the Andreas .
proceed to the Blue State Coffee but do n't leave the Berk's;Shanghai .
proceed to the J. R. Workman Garden but do n't leave the Avon Cinema .
proceed to the Emery Hall but do n't leave the Morriss Hall .
proceed to the Second Time Around but do n't leave the Metcalf Hall .
proceed to the Facing Thayer but do n't leave the New Pembroke 4 .
proceed to the Andrews Terrace but do n't leave the Andrews Hall .
proceed to the Sharpe House but do n't leave the East Side Station Post Office .
proceed to the Hillel House but do n't leave the Emery Hall .
go to the Berk's;Shanghai from the Alumnae Hall
go to the New Pembroke 3 from the New Pembroke 2
go to the Second Time Around from the New Pembroke 1
go to the Metcalf Hall from the Andrews Terrace
go to the New Pembroke 1 from the Morriss Hall
go to the Andrews Terrace from the Pembroke Park
go to the 111 Brown Street North House from the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building
go to the Soban from the West House
go to the Pleasant Surprises from the New Pembroke 4
go to the CVS from the Peter Green House
go to the 111 Brown Street North House from the Spiritus Fermenti
go to the Champlin Hall from the Salon Persia
go to the Brown University Bookstore from the East Side Station Post Office
go to the Facing Thayer from the Soban
go to the CVS from the 111 Brown Street North House
do not navigate away from the Hillel House and go to the Pleasant Surprises .
do not navigate away from the New Pembroke 3 and go to the Spiritus Fermenti .
do not navigate away from the Berk's;Shanghai and go to the Sharpe House .
do not navigate away from the Spiritus Fermenti and go to the Andreas .
do not navigate away from the West House and go to the Thayer and Cushing .
do not navigate away from the Spiritus Fermenti and go to the Salon Persia .
do not navigate away from the Metcalf Hall and go to the Avon Cinema .
do not navigate away from the Hillel House and go to the J. R. Workman Garden .
do not navigate away from the Champlin Hall and go to the Biomedical Center .
do not navigate away from the Blue State Coffee and go to the Sharpe House .
do not navigate away from the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building and go to the Second Time Around .
do not navigate away from the Sidney Frank Hall and go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
do not navigate away from the Pembroke Park and go to the Thayer and Meeting .
do not navigate away from the Second Time Around and go to the West House .
go to Salon Persia and avoid 2nd and Salon Persia
go to New Pembroke 1 and avoid 2nd and New Pembroke 1
go to J. R. Workman Garden and avoid 2nd and J. R. Workman Garden
go to the Avon Cinema without ever leaving the Supercuts .
go to the Hillel House without ever leaving the Emery Hall .
go to the Sharpe House without ever leaving the Champlin Hall .
go to the Avon Cinema without ever leaving the Pleasant Surprises .
go to the Soban without ever leaving the Second Time Around .
go to the Second Time Around without ever leaving the Avon Cinema .
go to the Smith Buonanno Hall without ever leaving the Peter Green House .
go to the J. R. Workman Garden without ever leaving the New Pembroke 3 .
go to the East Side Station Post Office without ever leaving the 111 Brown Street North House .
go to the Second Time Around without ever leaving the Andrews Hall .
go to the Granoff Center without ever leaving the 219 Bowen .
stay on the East Side Station Post Office and go to the Andreas .
stay on the Second Time Around and go to the Sidney Frank Hall .
stay on the Second Time Around and go to the Sidney Frank Hall .
stay on the Smith Buonanno Hall and go to the Emery Hall .
stay on the Andrews Hall and go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
stay on the Sharpe House and go to the 164 Angel .
stay on the Verney-Woolley Hall and go to the Sidney Frank Hall .
stay on the Emery Hall and go to the New Pembroke 2 .
stay on the Sidney Frank Hall and go to the New Pembroke 1 .
stay on the Thayer and Cushing and go to the Champlin Hall .
stay on the Biomedical Center and go to the Andreas .
remain on the Supercuts and go directly to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
remain on the Miller Hall and go directly to the CVS .
remain on the Andreas and go directly to the Miller Hall .
remain on the New Pembroke 4 and go directly to the Facing Thayer .
remain on the College Hill Bookstore and go directly to the Salon Persia .
remain on the New Pembroke 3 and go directly to the Pembroke Park .
remain on the Blue State Coffee and go directly to the J. R. Workman Garden .
remain on the New Pembroke 1 and go directly to the Second Time Around .
remain on the Supercuts and go directly to the College Hill Bookstore .
move to the Spiritus Fermenti without leaving the Thayer and Cushing .
move to the J. R. Workman Garden without leaving the Pleasant Surprises .
move to the Alumnae Hall without leaving the College Hill Bookstore .
move to the Second Time Around without leaving the Morriss Hall .
move to the Meeting Street Cafe without leaving the 111 Brown Street North House .
move to the Thayer and Cushing without leaving the College Hill Bookstore .
move to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building without leaving the Verney-Woolley Hall .
move to the Avon Cinema without leaving the Emery & Wooley .
move to the West House without leaving the Champlin Hall .
move to the Avon Cinema without leaving the West House .
move to the Biomedical Center without leaving the Soban .
move to the Metcalf Hall without leaving the Sidney Frank Hall .
move to the Emery Hall without leaving the Metcalf Hall .
remain on the East Side Station Post Office and navigate to the Sharpe House .
remain on the Smith Buonanno Hall and navigate to the Soban .
remain on the CVS and navigate to the Supercuts .
remain on the Spiritus Fermenti and navigate to the Biomedical Center .
remain on the Smith Buonanno Hall and navigate to the Alumnae Hall .
remain on the Thayer and Cushing and navigate to the New Pembroke 1 .
remain on the Sharpe House and navigate to the Meeting Street Cafe .
remain on the Second Time Around and navigate to the 111 Brown Street North House .
remain on the Supercuts and navigate to the Salon Persia .
remain on the Pembroke Hall and navigate to the Sharpe House .
remain on the Champlin Hall and navigate to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
remain on the Biomedical Center and navigate to the Alumnae Hall .
remain on the Morriss Hall and navigate to the CVS .
go to the New Pembroke 3 while staying on the Emery & Wooley .
go to the West House while staying on the Thayer and Cushing .
go to the Thayer and Meeting while staying on the Biomedical Center .
go to the Andrews Hall while staying on the Alumnae Hall .
go to the Andrews Terrace while staying on the Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to the Blue State Coffee while staying on the Andreas .
go to the Sharpe House while staying on the East Side Station Post Office .
go to the Biomedical Center while staying on the 164 Angel .
go to the Champlin Hall while staying on the Andrews Hall .
go to the red room without going to another floor .
go to the red room without going to another floor .
go to the red room without going to another floor .
go directly to red room
navigate to the J. R. Workman Garden staying on the Hillel House .
navigate to the Smith Buonanno Hall staying on the Sharpe House .
navigate to the Berk's;Shanghai staying on the Sidney Frank Hall .
navigate to the CVS staying on the J. R. Workman Garden .
navigate to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building staying on the Second Time Around .
navigate to the Hillel House staying on the Smith Buonanno Hall .
navigate to the Pleasant Surprises staying on the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
navigate to the Sharpe House staying on the Peter Green House .
navigate to the Supercuts staying on the Alumnae Hall .
navigate to the West House staying on the Spiritus Fermenti .
navigate to the Salon Persia staying on the Emery Hall .
go to the red room
go to the red room
go to the Hillel House .
go to the Andrews Hall .
go to the Emery & Wooley .
go to the College Hill Bookstore .
go to the College Hill Bookstore .
go to the Blue State Coffee .
go to the Morriss Hall .
go to the New Pembroke 1 .
go to the Brown University Bookstore .
go to the Pembroke Hall .
go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to the Avon Cinema .
go to the Metcalf Hall .
go to the Thayer and Cushing .
go to the Sharpe House .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the Pembroke Park .
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to the Berk's;Shanghai .
go to the New Pembroke 3 .
go to the Soban .
go to the J. R. Workman Garden .
go to the Andreas .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the New Pembroke 1 .
go to the Peter Green House .
go to the Brown University Bookstore .
go to the Emery & Wooley .
head to the Thayer and Cushing .
head to the Facing Thayer .
head to the Biomedical Center .
head to the Morriss Hall .
head to the Andrews Hall .
head to the Andreas .
head to the Second Time Around .
head to the East Side Station Post Office .
head to the Sharpe House .
head to the Soban .
head to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
head to the Andrews Hall .
head to the Sidney Frank Hall .
head to the 111 Brown Street North House .
head to the Hillel House .
navigate to the West House .
navigate to the 164 Angel .
navigate to the Morriss Hall .
navigate to the Meeting Street Cafe .
navigate to the Salon Persia .
navigate to the Blue State Coffee .
navigate to the Alumnae Hall .
navigate to the New Pembroke 4 .
navigate to the Meeting Street Cafe .
navigate to the Soban .
navigate to the CVS .
move to the East Side Station Post Office .
move to the Champlin Hall .
move to the Berk's;Shanghai .
move to the Blue State Coffee .
move to the New Pembroke 2 .
move to the New Pembroke 3 .
move to the Andrews Hall .
move to the Andrews Terrace .
move to the J. R. Workman Garden .
move to the East Side Station Post Office .
navigate to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
navigate to the Pleasant Surprises .
navigate to the Pembroke Hall .
navigate to the J. R. Workman Garden .
navigate to the Peter Green House .
navigate to the New Pembroke 2 .
navigate to the Avon Cinema .
navigate to the Biomedical Center .
navigate to the College Hill Bookstore .
navigate to the New Pembroke 1 .
navigate to the Emery & Wooley .
navigate to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
navigate to the 219 Bowen .
navigate to the Emery & Wooley .
navigate to the New Pembroke 3 .
navigate to the Granoff Center .
navigate to the Sidney Frank Hall .
navigate to the Emery & Wooley .
navigate to the Thayer and Cushing .
navigate to the Sidney Frank Hall .
navigate to the Spiritus Fermenti .
navigate to the Andrews Terrace .
navigate to the Andrews Terrace .
navigate to the Granoff Center .
navigate to the Thayer and Meeting .
navigate to the Emery Hall .
go to the Metcalf Hall .
go to the Emery Hall .
go to the 111 Brown Street North House .
go to the Thayer and Meeting .
go to the 164 Angel .
go to the Pleasant Surprises .
go to the Supercuts .
go to the New Pembroke 3 .
go to the Pleasant Surprises .
go to the Avon Cinema .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the Granoff Center .
move to the Hillel House .
move to the Morriss Hall .
move to the Andrews Terrace .
move to the Sidney Frank Hall .
move to the Pembroke Park .
move to the New Pembroke 2 .
move to the Salon Persia .
move to the Pembroke Park .
move to the Biomedical Center .
move to the Pleasant Surprises .
move to the Supercuts .
move to the 219 Bowen .
move to the New Pembroke 2 .
move to the Champlin Hall .
move to the Spiritus Fermenti .
navigate to the Facing Thayer .
navigate to the Thayer and Cushing .
navigate to the Hillel House .
navigate to the Soban .
navigate to the Pleasant Surprises .
navigate to the Granoff Center .
navigate to the Emery & Wooley .
navigate to the Andrews Terrace .
navigate to the Peter Green House .
navigate to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
navigate to the Pembroke Hall .
navigate to the J. R. Workman Garden .
navigate to the Biomedical Center .
proceed to the West House .
proceed to the Meeting Street Cafe .
proceed to the 111 Brown Street North House .
proceed to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
proceed to the Soban .
proceed to the East Side Station Post Office .
proceed to the Berk's;Shanghai .
proceed to the Morriss Hall .
proceed to the CVS .
proceed to the Andrews Hall .
proceed to the Berk's;Shanghai .
proceed to the New Pembroke 2 .
proceed to the Emery Hall .
proceed to the 164 Angel .
go to the Andrews Terrace .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the Morriss Hall .
go to the Biomedical Center .
go to the Metcalf Hall .
go to the Facing Thayer .
go to the J. R. Workman Garden .
go to the Miller Hall .
go to the Pembroke Park .
go to the Alumnae Hall .
go to the Metcalf Hall .
go to the Biomedical Center .
go to the West House .
go to the Thayer and Cushing .
go to the Brown University Bookstore
go to the Soban
go to the Smith Buonanno Hall
go to the New Pembroke 1
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall
go to the Andrews Terrace
go to the 111 Brown Street North House
go to the Sidney Frank Hall
go to the College Hill Bookstore
go to the Biomedical Center
go to the Brown University Bookstore
go to the Peter Green House
go to the Sidney Frank Hall
go to the Supercuts
go to the 111 Brown Street North House .
go to the Meeting Street Cafe .
go to the New Pembroke 1 .
go to the Spiritus Fermenti .
go to the Miller Hall .
go to the Granoff Center .
go to the Sharpe House .
go to the Andrews Hall .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the Biomedical Center .
go to the Second Time Around .
go to the Granoff Center .
go to the Supercuts .
navigate to the Salon Persia .
navigate to the Andrews Terrace .
navigate to the Brown University Bookstore .
navigate to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
navigate to the Miller Hall .
navigate to the Brown University Bookstore .
navigate to the Meeting Street Cafe .
navigate to the Miller Hall .
navigate to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
navigate to the Champlin Hall .
navigate to the Morriss Hall .
navigate to the West House .
navigate to the Second Time Around .
navigate to the Emery & Wooley .
go to the Supercuts .
go to the Facing Thayer .
go to the Thayer and Meeting .
go to the New Pembroke 4 .
go to the Andrews Terrace .
go to the Brown University Bookstore .
go to the Emery Hall .
go to the Meeting Street Cafe .
go to the Berk's;Shanghai .
go to CVS then go to CVS .
go to Brown University Bookstore then go to Brown University Bookstore .
go to Miller Hall then go to Miller Hall .
go to the Champlin Hall .
go to the Avon Cinema .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the New Pembroke 2 .
go to the Berk's;Shanghai .
go to the Berk's;Shanghai .
go to the Granoff Center .
go to the West House .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the 164 Angel .
go to the Second Time Around
go to the Pleasant Surprises
go to the Brown University Bookstore
go to the West House
go to the New Pembroke 2
go to the East Side Station Post Office
go to the Metcalf Hall
go to the Supercuts
go to the Brown University Bookstore
go to the New Pembroke 2
go to the Miller Hall
go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building
go to the Avon Cinema
go to the Avon Cinema
go to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the New Pembroke 3 .
go to the Sharpe House .
go to the Facing Thayer .
go to the Granoff Center .
go to the Emery Hall .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the Avon Cinema .
go to the Brown University Bookstore .
go to the Pembroke Hall .
go to the New Pembroke 2 .
go to the Andreas .
go to the New Pembroke 1 .
go to the Andreas
go to the Andreas
go to the Sidney Frank Hall
go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building
go to the Supercuts
go to the Sharpe House
go to the College Hill Bookstore
go to the New Pembroke 2
go to the Spiritus Fermenti
go to the New Pembroke 2
go to the College Hill Bookstore
go to the West House
go to the 164 Angel .
go to the Salon Persia .
go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to the Brown University Bookstore .
go to the J. R. Workman Garden .
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to the Meeting Street Cafe .
go to the Champlin Hall .
go to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to the Andrews Terrace .
go to the Andrews Terrace .
go to the Granoff Center .
go to the Pembroke Park .
go to the Alumnae Hall .
go to the Pleasant Surprises .
go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to the J. R. Workman Garden .
go to the Alumnae Hall .
go to the New Pembroke 2 .
go to the East Side Station Post Office .
go to the Andreas .
go to the Emery & Wooley .
go to the CVS .
go to the Alumnae Hall .
move to the Spiritus Fermenti .
move to the Blue State Coffee .
move to the New Pembroke 4 .
move to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
move to the College Hill Bookstore .
move to the West House .
move to the Salon Persia .
move to the West House .
move to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
move to the Pleasant Surprises .
move to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to the Meeting Street Cafe .
go to the Pleasant Surprises .
go to the J. R. Workman Garden .
go to the Pembroke Park .
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to the Emery & Wooley .
go to the Facing Thayer .
go to the New Pembroke 4 .
go to the Granoff Center .
navigate to the Emery & Wooley .
navigate to the West House .
navigate to the Facing Thayer .
navigate to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
navigate to the Morriss Hall .
navigate to the Miller Hall .
navigate to the Metcalf Hall .
navigate to the New Pembroke 4 .
navigate to the Meeting Street Cafe .
navigate to the Sidney Frank Hall .
navigate to the Meeting Street Cafe .
navigate to the Sharpe House .
navigate to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to the Thayer and Meeting .
go to the New Pembroke 4 .
go to the Sharpe House .
go to the Pembroke Hall .
go to the 111 Brown Street North House .
go to the Meeting Street Cafe .
go to the 219 Bowen .
go to the Brown University Bookstore .
go to the Second Time Around .
navigate to the Blue State Coffee .
navigate to the Supercuts .
navigate to the Supercuts .
navigate to the New Pembroke 4 .
navigate to the West House .
navigate to the Hillel House .
navigate to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
navigate to the CVS .
navigate to the College Hill Bookstore .
navigate to the New Pembroke 3 .
navigate to the Brown University Bookstore .
navigate to the Blue State Coffee .
navigate to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
robot , go to the New Pembroke 2 .
robot , go to the Brown University Bookstore .
robot , go to the Pembroke Hall .
robot , go to the Supercuts .
robot , go to the Emery & Wooley .
robot , go to the Champlin Hall .
robot , go to the Granoff Center .
robot , go to the Miller Hall .
robot , go to the Miller Hall .
robot , go to the Metcalf Hall .
robot , go to the Andrews Terrace .
robot , go to the Blue State Coffee .
robot , go to the Facing Thayer .
go to New Pembroke 2 and avoid the Andrews Terrace .
go to 219 Bowen and avoid the Hillel House .
go to Andrews Terrace and avoid the Andrews Hall .
go to New Pembroke 2 and avoid the J. R. Workman Garden .
go to Thayer and Cushing and avoid the Emery Hall .
go to Spiritus Fermenti and avoid the CVS .
go to CVS and avoid the Facing Thayer .
go to Peter Green House and avoid the Emery Hall .
go to New Pembroke 1 and avoid the Spiritus Fermenti .
go to Salon Persia and avoid the Supercuts .
avoiding the Meeting Street Cafe , go to Andreas .
avoiding the Emery Hall , go to Brown University Bookstore .
avoiding the New Pembroke 3 , go to Pleasant Surprises .
avoiding the 111 Brown Street North House , go to Pleasant Surprises .
avoiding the Andreas , go to Thayer and Cushing .
avoiding the Verney-Woolley Hall , go to New Pembroke 2 .
avoiding the 164 Angel , go to Thayer and Meeting .
avoiding the Champlin Hall , go to Thayer and Meeting .
avoiding the Soban , go to Peter Green House .
avoid the Second Time Around and go to Sidney Frank Hall .
avoid the Berk's;Shanghai and go to Granoff Center .
avoid the Peter Green House and go to Soban .
avoid the Supercuts and go to Champlin Hall .
avoid the East Side Station Post Office and go to West House .
avoid the Peter Green House and go to Thayer and Meeting .
avoid the New Pembroke 3 and go to Emery Hall .
avoid the Metcalf Hall and go to East Side Station Post Office .
avoid the Verney-Woolley Hall and go to Hillel House .
avoid the Supercuts and go to Morriss Hall .
avoid the Andreas and go to Sidney Frank Hall .
avoid the New Pembroke 4 and go to Sharpe House .
avoid the Blue State Coffee and go to New Pembroke 4 .
avoid the Spiritus Fermenti and go to Peter Green House .
avoid the Sharpe House and go to Pembroke Park .
avoid the Biomedical Center and go to Alumnae Hall
avoid the New Pembroke 3 and go to Peter Green House
avoid the West House and go to Emery & Wooley
avoid the Meeting Street Cafe and go to Pembroke Park
avoid the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building and go to Andreas
avoid the Pleasant Surprises and go to Blue State Coffee
avoid the 219 Bowen and go to Champlin Hall
avoid the Blue State Coffee and go to 164 Angel
avoid the Pembroke Hall and go to Meeting Street Cafe
avoid the Thayer and Meeting and go to Sidney Frank Hall
avoid the New Pembroke 3 on the way to Andrews Terrace .
avoid the College Hill Bookstore on the way to Sidney Frank Hall .
avoid the 111 Brown Street North House on the way to Metcalf Hall .
avoid the Meeting Street Cafe on the way to West House .
avoid the Avon Cinema on the way to Andrews Hall .
avoid the Andrews Terrace on the way to New Pembroke 1 .
avoid the Sidney Frank Hall on the way to Spiritus Fermenti .
avoid the J. R. Workman Garden on the way to CVS .
avoid the 219 Bowen on the way to Avon Cinema .
go to Blue State Coffee whilst avoiding the Supercuts .
go to New Pembroke 3 whilst avoiding the Emery Hall .
go to Meeting Street Cafe whilst avoiding the Facing Thayer .
go to CVS whilst avoiding the Emery Hall .
go to Granoff Center whilst avoiding the Hillel House .
go to Biomedical Center whilst avoiding the College Hill Bookstore .
go to New Pembroke 4 whilst avoiding the West House .
go to Sharpe House whilst avoiding the Miller Hall .
go to Salon Persia whilst avoiding the Facing Thayer .
go to Salon Persia whilst avoiding the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to Andreas whilst avoiding the Salon Persia .
go to Granoff Center whilst avoiding the Berk's;Shanghai .
go to New Pembroke 4 whilst avoiding the Emery & Wooley .
always avoid the Peter Green House to navigate to New Pembroke 2 .
always avoid the New Pembroke 4 to navigate to Pleasant Surprises .
always avoid the J. R. Workman Garden to navigate to Blue State Coffee .
always avoid the Second Time Around to navigate to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
always avoid the Brown University Bookstore to navigate to Emery & Wooley .
always avoid the West House to navigate to Supercuts .
always avoid the Alumnae Hall to navigate to 219 Bowen .
always avoid the Hillel House to navigate to Soban .
always avoid the Facing Thayer to navigate to CVS .
avoid the Granoff Center and go to Andrews Hall .
avoid the Emery & Wooley and go to Alumnae Hall .
avoid the Hillel House and go to Blue State Coffee .
avoid the Metcalf Hall and go to Second Time Around .
avoid the Alumnae Hall and go to Metcalf Hall .
avoid the New Pembroke 1 and go to Sidney Frank Hall .
avoid the CVS and go to Sidney Frank Hall .
avoid the Emery Hall and go to Brown University Bookstore .
avoid the East Side Station Post Office and go to 164 Angel .
proceed to Andrews Terrace without going through the Peter Green House .
proceed to CVS without going through the Supercuts .
proceed to Thayer and Cushing without going through the Salon Persia .
proceed to Soban without going through the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
proceed to Peter Green House without going through the Avon Cinema .
proceed to 219 Bowen without going through the West House .
proceed to Spiritus Fermenti without going through the Emery & Wooley .
proceed to Meeting Street Cafe without going through the Champlin Hall .
proceed to 164 Angel without going through the Soban .
proceed to Hillel House without going through the Pleasant Surprises .
proceed to West House without going through the College Hill Bookstore .
proceed to Pleasant Surprises without going through the 111 Brown Street North House .
always avoid the Smith Buonanno Hall while navigating to 219 Bowen .
always avoid the New Pembroke 4 while navigating to New Pembroke 3 .
always avoid the 219 Bowen while navigating to Sidney Frank Hall .
always avoid the Sidney Frank Hall while navigating to 219 Bowen .
always avoid the Sharpe House while navigating to New Pembroke 2 .
always avoid the Soban while navigating to Granoff Center .
always avoid the Emery & Wooley while navigating to West House .
always avoid the West House while navigating to Andreas .
always avoid the Thayer and Cushing while navigating to Granoff Center .
always avoid the CVS while navigating to Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to Granoff Center while avoiding the Berk's;Shanghai .
go to Sidney Frank Hall while avoiding the Salon Persia .
go to New Pembroke 1 while avoiding the Soban .
go to Berk's;Shanghai while avoiding the Sharpe House .
go to Brown University Bookstore while avoiding the Morriss Hall .
go to West House while avoiding the Avon Cinema .
go to Salon Persia while avoiding the 219 Bowen .
go to New Pembroke 2 while avoiding the Biomedical Center .
go to New Pembroke 2 while avoiding the Salon Persia .
go to East Side Station Post Office while avoiding the Morriss Hall .
go to Blue State Coffee while avoiding the New Pembroke 2 .
go to Hillel House while avoiding the J. R. Workman Garden .
go to Spiritus Fermenti while avoiding the Blue State Coffee .
go to Hillel House while avoiding the College Hill Bookstore .
advance to Brown University Bookstore but always avoid the Avon Cinema .
advance to Granoff Center but always avoid the Brown University Bookstore .
advance to Morriss Hall but always avoid the Granoff Center .
advance to Champlin Hall but always avoid the Soban .
advance to Alumnae Hall but always avoid the West House .
advance to Blue State Coffee but always avoid the Supercuts .
advance to Second Time Around but always avoid the West House .
advance to 164 Angel but always avoid the Pembroke Park .
advance to Metcalf Hall but always avoid the Pembroke Park .
advance to West House but always avoid the Smith Buonanno Hall .
advance to CVS but always avoid the Morriss Hall .
advance to Emery & Wooley but always avoid the East Side Station Post Office .
advance to Emery Hall but always avoid the East Side Station Post Office .
avoid the Andrews Hall until you reach Facing Thayer .
avoid the Thayer and Cushing until you reach New Pembroke 1 .
avoid the Andrews Hall until you reach New Pembroke 1 .
avoid the New Pembroke 2 until you reach Meeting Street Cafe .
avoid the Berk's;Shanghai until you reach New Pembroke 1 .
avoid the Biomedical Center until you reach Verney-Woolley Hall .
avoid the Biomedical Center until you reach Pleasant Surprises .
avoid the Emery Hall until you reach Brown University Bookstore .
avoid the Berk's;Shanghai until you reach CVS .
avoid the 219 Bowen until you reach West House .
avoid the Pembroke Park until you reach Thayer and Cushing .
go to New Pembroke 2 and avoid the Morriss Hall .
go to Smith Buonanno Hall and avoid the Miller Hall .
go to Sidney Frank Hall and avoid the New Pembroke 1 .
go to Berk's;Shanghai and avoid the Thayer and Meeting .
go to Facing Thayer and avoid the Brown University Bookstore .
go to East Side Station Post Office and avoid the Andrews Hall .
go to New Pembroke 3 and avoid the New Pembroke 4 .
go to Avon Cinema and avoid the Champlin Hall .
go to Facing Thayer and avoid the Andreas .
go to Emery & Wooley and avoid the Blue State Coffee .
go to Peter Green House and avoid the Sidney Frank Hall .
always avoid the West House and go to Sidney Frank Hall .
always avoid the 219 Bowen and go to Blue State Coffee .
always avoid the Meeting Street Cafe and go to New Pembroke 2 .
always avoid the Facing Thayer and go to Peter Green House .
always avoid the J. R. Workman Garden and go to Emery & Wooley .
always avoid the Morriss Hall and go to College Hill Bookstore .
always avoid the New Pembroke 1 and go to 164 Angel .
always avoid the Emery Hall and go to Blue State Coffee .
always avoid the Peter Green House and go to Thayer and Cushing .
always avoid the New Pembroke 3 and go to Biomedical Center .
always avoid the Pleasant Surprises and go to New Pembroke 2 .
always avoid the West House and go to 219 Bowen .
always avoid the New Pembroke 4 and go to CVS .
always avoid the Salon Persia and go to Avon Cinema .
always avoid the Facing Thayer and go to Andrews Hall .
while avoiding the Pembroke Park , navigate to Hillel House .
while avoiding the Sharpe House , navigate to Andrews Terrace .
while avoiding the Champlin Hall , navigate to New Pembroke 3 .
while avoiding the West House , navigate to New Pembroke 2 .
while avoiding the Soban , navigate to Pleasant Surprises .
while avoiding the Sidney Frank Hall , navigate to Blue State Coffee .
while avoiding the 164 Angel , navigate to Granoff Center .
while avoiding the Pembroke Park , navigate to East Side Station Post Office .
while avoiding the Supercuts , navigate to Thayer and Meeting .
while avoiding the Sidney Frank Hall , navigate to Emery Hall .
while avoiding the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building , navigate to Andrews Terrace .
while avoiding the Pleasant Surprises , navigate to Metcalf Hall .
while avoiding the Verney-Woolley Hall , navigate to Andrews Hall .
avoid the Alumnae Hall and go to Metcalf Hall .
avoid the Meeting Street Cafe and go to Pleasant Surprises .
avoid the Blue State Coffee and go to College Hill Bookstore .
avoid the Biomedical Center and go to Avon Cinema .
avoid the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building and go to Blue State Coffee .
avoid the Facing Thayer and go to Champlin Hall .
avoid the West House and go to CVS .
avoid the Thayer and Meeting and go to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
avoid the Soban and go to Peter Green House .
avoid the Champlin Hall and go to Thayer and Cushing .
avoid the New Pembroke 3 and go to Emery Hall .
go to Blue State Coffee while always avoiding the Alumnae Hall
go to Brown University Bookstore while always avoiding the Biomedical Center
go to Andreas while always avoiding the Biomedical Center
go to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building while always avoiding the Second Time Around
go to J. R. Workman Garden while always avoiding the Granoff Center
go to 219 Bowen while always avoiding the Pembroke Hall
go to Sidney Frank Hall while always avoiding the Soban
go to Emery Hall while always avoiding the Sidney Frank Hall
go to West House while always avoiding the Biomedical Center
go to Andrews Hall while always avoiding the Meeting Street Cafe
go to Granoff Center while always avoiding the Berk's;Shanghai
go to Andrews Hall while always avoiding the Brown University Bookstore
go to New Pembroke 3 while always avoiding the Spiritus Fermenti
go to 219 Bowen while always avoiding the Pembroke Park
go to Supercuts always avoiding the Biomedical Center .
go to Pembroke Park always avoiding the Thayer and Cushing .
go to 219 Bowen always avoiding the Pleasant Surprises .
go to Avon Cinema always avoiding the Sharpe House .
go to Emery Hall always avoiding the Second Time Around .
go to Pleasant Surprises always avoiding the West House .
go to Emery Hall always avoiding the Avon Cinema .
go to J. R. Workman Garden always avoiding the Biomedical Center .
go to Miller Hall always avoiding the East Side Station Post Office .
go to West House always avoiding the Metcalf Hall .
go to Sidney Frank Hall always avoiding the 219 Bowen .
go to Andreas always avoiding the Champlin Hall .
while always avoiding the New Pembroke 2 , go to Granoff Center .
while always avoiding the 111 Brown Street North House , go to Second Time Around .
while always avoiding the Blue State Coffee , go to Emery Hall .
while always avoiding the Soban , go to Sidney Frank Hall .
while always avoiding the CVS , go to Andrews Hall .
while always avoiding the Peter Green House , go to Thayer and Meeting .
while always avoiding the Spiritus Fermenti , go to 219 Bowen .
while always avoiding the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building , go to Biomedical Center .
while always avoiding the Thayer and Meeting , go to 111 Brown Street North House .
while always avoiding the Granoff Center , go to New Pembroke 3 .
while always avoiding the CVS , go to College Hill Bookstore .
avoid the Emery Hall and go to J. R. Workman Garden .
avoid the Blue State Coffee and go to Emery Hall .
avoid the 164 Angel and go to New Pembroke 2 .
avoid the Berk's;Shanghai and go to CVS .
avoid the Biomedical Center and go to Morriss Hall .
avoid the Champlin Hall and go to Salon Persia .
avoid the West House and go to Supercuts .
avoid the Sidney Frank Hall and go to College Hill Bookstore .
avoid the Avon Cinema and go to Soban .
avoid the 111 Brown Street North House and go to Berk's;Shanghai .
avoid the Facing Thayer and go to West House .
go to Salon Persia and always avoid the J. R. Workman Garden
go to New Pembroke 1 and always avoid the East Side Station Post Office
go to Peter Green House and always avoid the Andreas
go to Verney-Woolley Hall and always avoid the CVS
go to East Side Station Post Office and always avoid the Granoff Center
go to Facing Thayer and always avoid the Peter Green House
go to Sharpe House and always avoid the West House
go to Champlin Hall and always avoid the Salon Persia
go to West House and always avoid the West House
go to East Side Station Post Office and always avoid the Verney-Woolley Hall
go to Biomedical Center and always avoid the Hillel House
go to Sidney Frank Hall without entering the New Pembroke 4 .
go to West House without entering the Granoff Center .
go to Sidney Frank Hall without entering the Supercuts .
go to J. R. Workman Garden without entering the Meeting Street Cafe .
go to 219 Bowen without entering the Supercuts .
go to Facing Thayer without entering the CVS .
go to Avon Cinema without entering the Blue State Coffee .
go to New Pembroke 3 without entering the Berk's;Shanghai .
go to Salon Persia without entering the Emery & Wooley .
go to College Hill Bookstore without entering the Granoff Center .
go to Sidney Frank Hall without entering the Pleasant Surprises .
go to New Pembroke 2 without entering the Thayer and Meeting .
go to New Pembroke 2 without entering the Metcalf Hall .
go to Berk's;Shanghai without going in the Biomedical Center
go to West House without going in the Champlin Hall
go to Morriss Hall without going in the Pleasant Surprises
go to Berk's;Shanghai without going in the Thayer and Meeting
go to Sidney Frank Hall without going in the New Pembroke 1
go to 164 Angel without going in the Metcalf Hall
go to New Pembroke 4 without going in the West House
go to Berk's;Shanghai without going in the Sidney Frank Hall
go to Facing Thayer without going in the Sidney Frank Hall
go to Blue State Coffee without going in the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building
stay away from the J. R. Workman Garden and go to Avon Cinema .
stay away from the Andrews Hall and go to Sharpe House .
stay away from the 111 Brown Street North House and go to New Pembroke 3 .
stay away from the Emery Hall and go to College Hill Bookstore .
stay away from the Andreas and go to Metcalf Hall .
stay away from the Thayer and Cushing and go to Peter Green House .
stay away from the 219 Bowen and go to Emery & Wooley .
stay away from the Champlin Hall and go to Thayer and Cushing .
stay away from the 219 Bowen and go to Morriss Hall .
stay away from the CVS and go to Brown University Bookstore .
stay away from the 111 Brown Street North House and go to Brown University Bookstore .
stay away from the West House and go to Brown University Bookstore .
stay away from the Sharpe House and go to Pembroke Hall .
stay away from the Facing Thayer and go to Spiritus Fermenti .
stay away from the New Pembroke 4 and go to Pembroke Park .
avoid the Verney-Woolley Hall and go to Soban .
avoid the Pembroke Park and go to CVS .
avoid the CVS and go to Spiritus Fermenti .
avoid the Avon Cinema and go to Salon Persia .
avoid the Sidney Frank Hall and go to Peter Green House .
avoid the Granoff Center and go to Emery Hall .
avoid the Thayer and Cushing and go to Meeting Street Cafe .
avoid the Granoff Center and go to Andrews Hall .
avoid the J. R. Workman Garden and go to 164 Angel .
go to Peter Green House while always avoiding the Spiritus Fermenti .
go to East Side Station Post Office while always avoiding the Andrews Hall .
go to Andrews Hall while always avoiding the Peter Green House .
go to Morriss Hall while always avoiding the Andrews Hall .
go to Spiritus Fermenti while always avoiding the West House .
go to Hillel House while always avoiding the Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to 111 Brown Street North House while always avoiding the Morriss Hall .
go to Spiritus Fermenti while always avoiding the Pembroke Hall .
go to New Pembroke 2 while always avoiding the Biomedical Center .
go to Meeting Street Cafe while always avoiding the Avon Cinema .
go to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building while always avoiding the Miller Hall .
without stepping in the Blue State Coffee , go to West House .
without stepping in the Emery & Wooley , go to Metcalf Hall .
without stepping in the Metcalf Hall , go to Andrews Terrace .
without stepping in the Hillel House , go to Granoff Center .
without stepping in the College Hill Bookstore , go to 219 Bowen .
without stepping in the New Pembroke 1 , go to Hillel House .
without stepping in the Verney-Woolley Hall , go to J. R. Workman Garden .
without stepping in the Avon Cinema , go to Pembroke Hall .
without stepping in the Avon Cinema , go to Pembroke Park .
avoid the Andreas until you go to Miller Hall
avoid the Avon Cinema until you go to Metcalf Hall
avoid the Emery Hall until you go to Berk's;Shanghai
avoid the Peter Green House until you go to Metcalf Hall
avoid the Smith Buonanno Hall until you go to Salon Persia
avoid the Andreas until you go to Pleasant Surprises
avoid the Supercuts until you go to Peter Green House
avoid the Peter Green House until you go to Spiritus Fermenti
avoid the Pembroke Park until you go to Champlin Hall
avoid the Metcalf Hall until you go to Granoff Center
avoid the Miller Hall until you go to Sidney Frank Hall
avoid the Peter Green House until you go to Salon Persia
avoid the Pleasant Surprises until you go to Verney-Woolley Hall
avoid the New Pembroke 2 until you go to Andrews Hall
avoid the Second Time Around until you go to Smith Buonanno Hall
always avoid the 111 Brown Street North House , go to Sidney Frank Hall .
always avoid the Spiritus Fermenti , go to Second Time Around .
always avoid the Avon Cinema , go to Brown University Bookstore .
always avoid the East Side Station Post Office , go to Thayer and Meeting .
always avoid the Hillel House , go to 219 Bowen .
always avoid the Sharpe House , go to Spiritus Fermenti .
always avoid the Meeting Street Cafe , go to 111 Brown Street North House .
always avoid the Sidney Frank Hall , go to Soban .
always avoid the New Pembroke 1 , go to East Side Station Post Office .
always avoid the West House , go to Biomedical Center .
always avoid the New Pembroke 2 , go to Granoff Center .
always avoid the Blue State Coffee , go to East Side Station Post Office .
always avoid the Facing Thayer , go to Avon Cinema .
go to the Blue State Coffee but avoid the New Pembroke 2 .
go to the 219 Bowen but avoid the West House .
go to the 164 Angel but avoid the 111 Brown Street North House .
go to the Thayer and Meeting but avoid the Emery & Wooley .
go to the Avon Cinema but avoid the Blue State Coffee .
go to the Andrews Terrace but avoid the Alumnae Hall .
go to the West House but avoid the Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to the 111 Brown Street North House but avoid the Thayer and Meeting .
go to the Emery Hall but avoid the New Pembroke 1 .
go to the Second Time Around but avoid the West House .
go to the Morriss Hall but avoid the CVS .
go to the West House but avoid the Morriss Hall .
go to the Morriss Hall but avoid the Berk's;Shanghai .
go to the Emery Hall but avoid the Facing Thayer .
go to the J. R. Workman Garden but avoid the New Pembroke 3 .
navigate to the Andrews Hall always avoiding the Thayer and Cushing .
navigate to the Pembroke Park always avoiding the Peter Green House .
navigate to the Sidney Frank Hall always avoiding the Supercuts .
navigate to the 164 Angel always avoiding the Blue State Coffee .
navigate to the 164 Angel always avoiding the Andreas .
navigate to the Metcalf Hall always avoiding the Andrews Terrace .
navigate to the Supercuts always avoiding the Second Time Around .
navigate to the College Hill Bookstore always avoiding the CVS .
navigate to the Miller Hall always avoiding the Salon Persia .
navigate to the Sidney Frank Hall always avoiding the Alumnae Hall .
navigate to the East Side Station Post Office always avoiding the Thayer and Meeting .
navigate to the Granoff Center always avoiding the Peter Green House .
navigate to the Smith Buonanno Hall always avoiding the Second Time Around .
navigate to the Peter Green House always avoiding the 164 Angel .
avoid the Supercuts and go to the Blue State Coffee .
avoid the Biomedical Center and go to the Avon Cinema .
avoid the Peter Green House and go to the 164 Angel .
avoid the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building and go to the Berk's;Shanghai .
avoid the Andrews Terrace and go to the Second Time Around .
avoid the Soban and go to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
avoid the Second Time Around and go to the Blue State Coffee .
avoid the Pembroke Park and go to the Miller Hall .
avoid the Pembroke Hall and go to the Alumnae Hall .
avoid the Meeting Street Cafe and go to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building without going to the Brown University Bookstore .
go to the Spiritus Fermenti without going to the Thayer and Cushing .
go to the College Hill Bookstore without going to the New Pembroke 1 .
go to the Berk's;Shanghai without going to the Miller Hall .
go to the Thayer and Cushing without going to the Pembroke Hall .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall without going to the Alumnae Hall .
go to the Biomedical Center without going to the Emery Hall .
go to the Spiritus Fermenti without going to the Thayer and Meeting .
go to the Facing Thayer without going to the J. R. Workman Garden .
go to the J. R. Workman Garden without going to the Emery Hall .
go to the East Side Station Post Office and avoid the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the Salon Persia and avoid the Granoff Center .
go to the Alumnae Hall and avoid the 111 Brown Street North House .
go to the New Pembroke 1 and avoid the Pembroke Hall .
go to the Alumnae Hall and avoid the Champlin Hall .
go to the College Hill Bookstore and avoid the New Pembroke 1 .
go to the Hillel House and avoid the Granoff Center .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall and avoid the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to the Biomedical Center and avoid the New Pembroke 1 .
go to the Thayer and Cushing and avoid the Meeting Street Cafe .
go to the Sharpe House and avoid the 111 Brown Street North House .
go to the West House while avoiding the Champlin Hall
go to the Sidney Frank Hall while avoiding the Berk's;Shanghai
go to the New Pembroke 4 while avoiding the Supercuts
go to the Sharpe House while avoiding the Avon Cinema
go to the Sharpe House while avoiding the Pembroke Hall
go to the College Hill Bookstore while avoiding the Blue State Coffee
go to the Granoff Center while avoiding the College Hill Bookstore
go to the College Hill Bookstore while avoiding the Biomedical Center
go to the Peter Green House while avoiding the Smith Buonanno Hall
go to the Metcalf Hall while avoiding the Facing Thayer
go to the Sidney Frank Hall while avoiding the Smith Buonanno Hall
go to the College Hill Bookstore while avoiding the Miller Hall
go to the J. R. Workman Garden while avoiding the Peter Green House
go to the Alumnae Hall while avoiding the Peter Green House
go to the Alumnae Hall while avoiding the Andrews Hall
avoid the East Side Station Post Office and go to the New Pembroke 4 .
avoid the College Hill Bookstore and go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
avoid the Andrews Terrace and go to the Meeting Street Cafe .
avoid the Champlin Hall and go to the Facing Thayer .
avoid the Supercuts and go to the 219 Bowen .
avoid the Pembroke Park and go to the Brown University Bookstore .
avoid the Miller Hall and go to the Andrews Terrace .
avoid the Meeting Street Cafe and go to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
avoid the Pembroke Park and go to the Peter Green House .
avoid the Andrews Hall and go to the West House .
avoid the Pleasant Surprises and go to the Avon Cinema .
avoid the Sidney Frank Hall and go to the Emery Hall .
avoid the New Pembroke 1 and go to the Metcalf Hall .
avoid the Andrews Hall and go to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go up to 2nd floor .
go up to 2nd floor .
always avoid the Sharpe House and navigate to the New Pembroke 1 .
always avoid the Supercuts and navigate to the Soban .
always avoid the Emery & Wooley and navigate to the 219 Bowen .
always avoid the New Pembroke 3 and navigate to the College Hill Bookstore .
always avoid the CVS and navigate to the Spiritus Fermenti .
always avoid the Berk's;Shanghai and navigate to the Meeting Street Cafe .
always avoid the Granoff Center and navigate to the J. R. Workman Garden .
always avoid the Salon Persia and navigate to the 219 Bowen .
always avoid the Andreas and navigate to the East Side Station Post Office .
always avoid the New Pembroke 3 and navigate to the Blue State Coffee .
always avoid the Granoff Center and navigate to the 219 Bowen .
always avoid the 164 Angel and navigate to the Meeting Street Cafe .
avoid the blue room
avoid the blue room
go to the Emery & Wooley whilst avoiding the Thayer and Meeting .
go to the West House whilst avoiding the Emery & Wooley .
go to the Thayer and Cushing whilst avoiding the 219 Bowen .
go to the Peter Green House whilst avoiding the Soban .
go to the Alumnae Hall whilst avoiding the Blue State Coffee .
go to the Emery Hall whilst avoiding the Metcalf Hall .
go to the New Pembroke 3 whilst avoiding the Pleasant Surprises .
go to the West House whilst avoiding the Salon Persia .
go to the Champlin Hall whilst avoiding the Granoff Center .
move to the Pleasant Surprises without entering the New Pembroke 4 .
move to the Smith Buonanno Hall without entering the New Pembroke 3 .
move to the Facing Thayer without entering the New Pembroke 3 .
move to the Thayer and Cushing without entering the New Pembroke 4 .
move to the Brown University Bookstore without entering the College Hill Bookstore .
move to the Pembroke Park without entering the Andreas .
move to the Emery & Wooley without entering the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
move to the Hillel House without entering the Sharpe House .
move to the Sharpe House without entering the New Pembroke 3 .
move to the 219 Bowen without entering the College Hill Bookstore .
move to the Smith Buonanno Hall without entering the Metcalf Hall .
move to the Verney-Woolley Hall without entering the Andrews Hall .
move to the West House without entering the Andreas .
move to the J. R. Workman Garden without entering the Verney-Woolley Hall .
move to the 111 Brown Street North House without entering the 164 Angel .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall always avoiding the Biomedical Center .
go to the Emery & Wooley always avoiding the Facing Thayer .
go to the Smith Buonanno Hall always avoiding the New Pembroke 3 .
go to the Peter Green House always avoiding the Berk's;Shanghai .
go to the Berk's;Shanghai always avoiding the Salon Persia .
go to the New Pembroke 1 always avoiding the Salon Persia .
go to the 111 Brown Street North House always avoiding the New Pembroke 4 .
go to the Champlin Hall always avoiding the Emery & Wooley .
go to the Morriss Hall always avoiding the Supercuts .
go to the Meeting Street Cafe always avoiding the 111 Brown Street North House .
go to the Soban but never go to the Meeting Street Cafe .
go to the Soban but never go to the Brown University Bookstore .
go to the Alumnae Hall but never go to the CVS .
go to the Pembroke Park but never go to the Morriss Hall .
go to the Sharpe House but never go to the Pembroke Park .
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall but never go to the Avon Cinema .
go to the Peter Green House but never go to the Andrews Hall .
go to the Spiritus Fermenti but never go to the New Pembroke 4 .
go to the Avon Cinema but never go to the Champlin Hall .
avoid the Andrews Terrace and go to the Meeting Street Cafe .
avoid the Supercuts and go to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
avoid the Champlin Hall and go to the Avon Cinema .
avoid the Berk's;Shanghai and go to the Pembroke Hall .
avoid the 111 Brown Street North House and go to the Spiritus Fermenti .
avoid the Miller Hall and go to the Meeting Street Cafe .
avoid the Metcalf Hall and go to the New Pembroke 2 .
avoid the Miller Hall and go to the Pembroke Park .
avoid the Andrews Terrace and go to the Thayer and Cushing .
avoid the Hillel House and go to the 111 Brown Street North House .
avoid the Granoff Center and go to the Andrews Terrace .
avoid the Andrews Terrace and go to the Berk's;Shanghai .
avoid the Andrews Hall and go to the Facing Thayer .
avoid the Andreas and go to the Meeting Street Cafe .
avoid the Brown University Bookstore and go to the Pleasant Surprises .
avoid the Berk's;Shanghai and go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
avoid the Granoff Center and go to the Facing Thayer .
avoid the College Hill Bookstore and go to the Andrews Hall .
avoid the Smith Buonanno Hall and go to the Emery & Wooley .
avoid the Sidney Frank Hall and go to the Berk's;Shanghai .
avoid the Spiritus Fermenti and go to the Andrews Terrace .
avoid the Supercuts and go to the J. R. Workman Garden .
always avoid the 111 Brown Street North House while navigating to the CVS .
always avoid the Blue State Coffee while navigating to the Spiritus Fermenti .
always avoid the West House while navigating to the Morriss Hall .
always avoid the Meeting Street Cafe while navigating to the Thayer and Meeting .
always avoid the Soban while navigating to the Thayer and Cushing .
always avoid the Soban while navigating to the CVS .
always avoid the Sidney Frank Hall while navigating to the Second Time Around .
always avoid the Andrews Terrace while navigating to the Emery Hall .
always avoid the Champlin Hall while navigating to the Andrews Hall .
always avoid the Facing Thayer while navigating to the Metcalf Hall .
always avoid the Facing Thayer while navigating to the Emery & Wooley .
always avoid the Thayer and Cushing while navigating to the Facing Thayer .
always avoid the Sharpe House while navigating to the West House .
go to the purple room then go to landmark 1
go to the purple room then go to landmark 1
move toward the green room .
go to the Smith Buonanno Hall while avoiding the Peter Green House
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall while avoiding the Pleasant Surprises
go to the Andreas while avoiding the Pleasant Surprises
go to the Granoff Center while avoiding the Champlin Hall
go to the Second Time Around while avoiding the Hillel House
go to the Meeting Street Cafe while avoiding the Avon Cinema
go to the Peter Green House while avoiding the East Side Station Post Office
go to the Brown University Bookstore while avoiding the Hillel House
go to the West House while avoiding the Sidney Frank Hall
go to the Andrews Hall while avoiding the West House
go to the Sidney Frank Hall while always avoiding the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to the Hillel House while always avoiding the Supercuts .
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall while always avoiding the Supercuts .
go to the Thayer and Meeting while always avoiding the Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall while always avoiding the College Hill Bookstore .
go to the Andrews Hall while always avoiding the Emery & Wooley .
go to the East Side Station Post Office while always avoiding the 164 Angel .
go to the Avon Cinema while always avoiding the Second Time Around .
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall while always avoiding the Berk's;Shanghai .
go to the Thayer and Meeting while always avoiding the West House .
go to the West House while always avoiding the Granoff Center .
go to the Second Time Around while always avoiding the Pembroke Hall .
go to the J. R. Workman Garden while avoiding the Pembroke Park .
go to the Brown University Bookstore while avoiding the New Pembroke 1 .
go to the Miller Hall while avoiding the 111 Brown Street North House .
go to the Champlin Hall while avoiding the Andrews Terrace .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall while avoiding the Granoff Center .
go to the West House while avoiding the Spiritus Fermenti .
go to the Morriss Hall while avoiding the Thayer and Meeting .
go to the 219 Bowen while avoiding the Second Time Around .
go to the Spiritus Fermenti while avoiding the Sharpe House .
go to the Blue State Coffee while avoiding the Berk's;Shanghai .
go to the College Hill Bookstore while avoiding the Pembroke Hall .
go to the Granoff Center while avoiding the East Side Station Post Office .
go to the Pembroke Park while avoiding the Metcalf Hall .
go to the Emery & Wooley while avoiding the Blue State Coffee .
avoid the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building and go to the Avon Cinema .
avoid the Pembroke Hall and go to the Sharpe House .
avoid the Avon Cinema and go to the 164 Angel .
avoid the Facing Thayer and go to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
avoid the Miller Hall and go to the Facing Thayer .
avoid the Thayer and Meeting and go to the East Side Station Post Office .
avoid the New Pembroke 4 and go to the Biomedical Center .
avoid the 219 Bowen and go to the Peter Green House .
avoid the Berk's;Shanghai and go to the Metcalf Hall .
go to the New Pembroke 1 while always avoiding the Spiritus Fermenti
go to the Miller Hall while always avoiding the New Pembroke 4
go to the Hillel House while always avoiding the Champlin Hall
go to the West House while always avoiding the New Pembroke 3
go to the Andrews Hall while always avoiding the Champlin Hall
go to the Champlin Hall while always avoiding the Morriss Hall
go to the Peter Green House while always avoiding the Pembroke Park
go to the Pleasant Surprises while always avoiding the Brown University Bookstore
go to the Sidney Frank Hall while always avoiding the West House
go to the Berk's;Shanghai while always avoiding the Andrews Terrace
avoid the orange room as you go to the purple room .
avoid the orange room as you go to the purple room .
always avoid the Biomedical Center , go to the Morriss Hall .
always avoid the New Pembroke 4 , go to the CVS .
always avoid the Emery & Wooley , go to the East Side Station Post Office .
always avoid the Morriss Hall , go to the Salon Persia .
always avoid the West House , go to the New Pembroke 3 .
always avoid the Sidney Frank Hall , go to the 219 Bowen .
always avoid the Granoff Center , go to the Metcalf Hall .
always avoid the Spiritus Fermenti , go to the New Pembroke 2 .
always avoid the Avon Cinema , go to the New Pembroke 2 .
always avoid the Second Time Around , go to the Sidney Frank Hall .
always avoid the Andreas , go to the Avon Cinema .
always avoid the J. R. Workman Garden , go to the CVS .
always avoid the Andrews Hall , go to the Brown University Bookstore .
go to the Alumnae Hall but avoid the CVS .
go to the Pembroke Park but avoid the New Pembroke 4 .
go to the Berk's;Shanghai but avoid the 111 Brown Street North House .
go to the New Pembroke 4 but avoid the Metcalf Hall .
go to the West House but avoid the Avon Cinema .
go to the Salon Persia but avoid the Pembroke Park .
go to the Thayer and Cushing but avoid the Pembroke Park .
go to the Andrews Hall but avoid the New Pembroke 1 .
go to the Brown University Bookstore but avoid the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the Emery & Wooley but avoid the Spiritus Fermenti .
go to the New Pembroke 1 but avoid the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to the Blue State Coffee but avoid the Morriss Hall .
go to the Pleasant Surprises but avoid the New Pembroke 3 .
go to the Avon Cinema but avoid the Alumnae Hall .
go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building but avoid the West House .
approach the Granoff Center while avoiding the Andreas .
approach the College Hill Bookstore while avoiding the Alumnae Hall .
approach the Alumnae Hall while avoiding the West House .
approach the CVS while avoiding the Andrews Terrace .
approach the West House while avoiding the Sharpe House .
approach the Facing Thayer while avoiding the Pleasant Surprises .
approach the Sidney Frank Hall while avoiding the Blue State Coffee .
approach the Champlin Hall while avoiding the Spiritus Fermenti .
approach the J. R. Workman Garden while avoiding the Andreas .
go to the West House without going to the J. R. Workman Garden .
go to the Pembroke Hall without going to the New Pembroke 3 .
go to the Spiritus Fermenti without going to the Andrews Hall .
go to the Peter Green House without going to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to the Soban without going to the 111 Brown Street North House .
go to the Avon Cinema without going to the 111 Brown Street North House .
go to the Champlin Hall without going to the 164 Angel .
go to the New Pembroke 1 without going to the Brown University Bookstore .
go to the Miller Hall without going to the Thayer and Cushing .
go to the Pleasant Surprises without going to the Andrews Terrace .
go to the Soban without going to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to the Champlin Hall without going to the Blue State Coffee .
go to the Emery Hall without going to the West House .
go to the Supercuts without going to the Andreas .
go to Thayer and Meeting without going into the Sidney Frank Hall
go to Supercuts without going into the Verney-Woolley Hall
go to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building without going into the Verney-Woolley Hall
go to New Pembroke 1 without going into the New Pembroke 4
go to Pleasant Surprises without going into the Sidney Frank Hall
go to Blue State Coffee without going into the Thayer and Cushing
go to Spiritus Fermenti without going into the J. R. Workman Garden
go to Pembroke Hall without going into the East Side Station Post Office
go to Pleasant Surprises without going into the Hillel House
go to Pembroke Hall without going into the Salon Persia
go to Thayer and Cushing without going into the Meeting Street Cafe
go to New Pembroke 2 without going into the Berk's;Shanghai
go to Pembroke Park without going into the Sidney Frank Hall
avoid Blue State Coffee and go to the Supercuts .
avoid Spiritus Fermenti and go to the West House .
avoid West House and go to the Thayer and Cushing .
avoid Morriss Hall and go to the New Pembroke 1 .
avoid Spiritus Fermenti and go to the New Pembroke 2 .
avoid Supercuts and go to the Thayer and Meeting .
avoid College Hill Bookstore and go to the Biomedical Center .
avoid J. R. Workman Garden and go to the Pleasant Surprises .
avoid Miller Hall and go to the Sidney Frank Hall .
avoid Emery & Wooley and go to the New Pembroke 4 .
avoid Peter Green House and go to the West House .
avoid Smith Buonanno Hall and go to the Salon Persia .
always avoid Andrews Terrace and navigate to the Andreas .
always avoid 111 Brown Street North House and navigate to the West House .
always avoid New Pembroke 2 and navigate to the 164 Angel .
always avoid CVS and navigate to the Andrews Hall .
always avoid CVS and navigate to the Salon Persia .
always avoid Sharpe House and navigate to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
always avoid Thayer and Meeting and navigate to the Andrews Hall .
always avoid East Side Station Post Office and navigate to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
always avoid Peter Green House and navigate to the Emery Hall .
always avoid J. R. Workman Garden and navigate to the Spiritus Fermenti .
always avoid Sidney Frank Hall and navigate to the Thayer and Meeting .
always avoid Verney-Woolley Hall and navigate to the Thayer and Cushing .
always avoid Thayer and Meeting and navigate to the Pembroke Hall .
always avoid New Pembroke 4 and navigate to the New Pembroke 2 .
navigate to the Salon Persia avoiding J. R. Workman Garden .
navigate to the New Pembroke 4 avoiding West House .
navigate to the Metcalf Hall avoiding New Pembroke 1 .
navigate to the Sidney Frank Hall avoiding Spiritus Fermenti .
navigate to the East Side Station Post Office avoiding 219 Bowen .
navigate to the College Hill Bookstore avoiding Miller Hall .
navigate to the Peter Green House avoiding J. R. Workman Garden .
navigate to the Berk's;Shanghai avoiding Smith Buonanno Hall .
navigate to the CVS avoiding Smith Buonanno Hall .
navigate to the Andrews Hall avoiding Facing Thayer .
navigate to the Emery & Wooley avoiding Metcalf Hall .
navigate to the 164 Angel avoiding West House .
navigate to the Granoff Center avoiding New Pembroke 1 .
head to the Sidney Frank Hall avoiding Pembroke Park .
head to the Avon Cinema avoiding Sidney Frank Hall .
head to the New Pembroke 3 avoiding Miller Hall .
head to the New Pembroke 4 avoiding Alumnae Hall .
head to the Salon Persia avoiding Pleasant Surprises .
head to the Berk's;Shanghai avoiding Smith Buonanno Hall .
head to the New Pembroke 1 avoiding Andreas .
head to the Meeting Street Cafe avoiding Metcalf Hall .
head to the College Hill Bookstore avoiding Pleasant Surprises .
head to the Meeting Street Cafe avoiding Facing Thayer .
head to the New Pembroke 3 avoiding New Pembroke 4 .
head to the Supercuts avoiding Facing Thayer .
head to the New Pembroke 2 avoiding Soban .
avoid College Hill Bookstore and go to the College Hill Bookstore .
avoid 219 Bowen and go to the 219 Bowen .
avoid Smith Buonanno Hall and go to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
avoid 219 Bowen and go to the 219 Bowen .
avoid West House and go to the West House .
go to the Spiritus Fermenti but avoid New Pembroke 2 .
go to the Andreas but avoid New Pembroke 1 .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall but avoid Facing Thayer .
go to the College Hill Bookstore but avoid New Pembroke 1 .
go to the Smith Buonanno Hall but avoid New Pembroke 4 .
go to the Smith Buonanno Hall but avoid Soban .
go to the Supercuts but avoid New Pembroke 3 .
go to the 111 Brown Street North House but avoid 219 Bowen .
go to the 111 Brown Street North House but avoid Thayer and Cushing .
go to the Second Time Around but avoid College Hill Bookstore .
go to the Alumnae Hall but avoid West House .
always avoid Blue State Coffee and go to the Biomedical Center .
always avoid Champlin Hall and go to the Metcalf Hall .
always avoid West House and go to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
always avoid CVS and go to the College Hill Bookstore .
always avoid Pleasant Surprises and go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
always avoid Brown University Bookstore and go to the J. R. Workman Garden .
always avoid Peter Green House and go to the Meeting Street Cafe .
always avoid 164 Angel and go to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
always avoid 164 Angel and go to the J. R. Workman Garden .
always avoid Pleasant Surprises and go to the Pembroke Park .
always avoid Facing Thayer and go to the Miller Hall .
always avoid Second Time Around and go to the Salon Persia .
always avoid Avon Cinema and go to the Biomedical Center .
always avoid Smith Buonanno Hall and go to the Avon Cinema .
go to the Hillel House avoiding East Side Station Post Office .
go to the Emery Hall avoiding Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to the Brown University Bookstore avoiding West House .
go to the Thayer and Meeting avoiding Champlin Hall .
go to the New Pembroke 4 avoiding Andreas .
go to the Facing Thayer avoiding Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to the Alumnae Hall avoiding Champlin Hall .
go to the Meeting Street Cafe avoiding West House .
go to the Pleasant Surprises avoiding Granoff Center .
go to the Second Time Around avoiding Champlin Hall .
go to the CVS avoiding Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the East Side Station Post Office avoiding Andrews Terrace .
navigate to the Alumnae Hall , avoiding New Pembroke 2 .
navigate to the 111 Brown Street North House , avoiding Emery Hall .
navigate to the Sharpe House , avoiding Andrews Hall .
navigate to the Sidney Frank Hall , avoiding East Side Station Post Office .
navigate to the Morriss Hall , avoiding Second Time Around .
navigate to the Thayer and Meeting , avoiding CVS .
navigate to the Thayer and Meeting , avoiding 219 Bowen .
navigate to the Berk's;Shanghai , avoiding Biomedical Center .
navigate to the Verney-Woolley Hall , avoiding Sidney Frank Hall .
navigate to the New Pembroke 2 and avoid Salon Persia .
navigate to the Pembroke Park and avoid West House .
navigate to the Granoff Center and avoid J. R. Workman Garden .
navigate to the 219 Bowen and avoid New Pembroke 4 .
navigate to the 219 Bowen and avoid J. R. Workman Garden .
navigate to the Supercuts and avoid Andrews Hall .
navigate to the Brown University Bookstore and avoid Sidney Frank Hall .
navigate to the Thayer and Meeting and avoid West House .
navigate to the Pembroke Park and avoid Granoff Center .
navigate to the Thayer and Meeting and avoid Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
navigate to the College Hill Bookstore and avoid East Side Station Post Office .
navigate to the Smith Buonanno Hall and avoid Pleasant Surprises .
navigate to the Second Time Around and avoid Emery Hall .
navigate to the CVS and avoid 111 Brown Street North House .
navigate to the Pembroke Park and avoid Facing Thayer .
go to the 219 Bowen while avoiding Andrews Terrace
go to the Sidney Frank Hall while avoiding New Pembroke 3
go to the Andrews Hall while avoiding Granoff Center
go to the Granoff Center while avoiding Andreas
go to the Facing Thayer while avoiding Soban
go to the Supercuts while avoiding Pembroke Park
go to the Andrews Hall while avoiding Alumnae Hall
go to the Sidney Frank Hall while avoiding Andrews Terrace
go to the Berk's;Shanghai while avoiding New Pembroke 1
go to the Miller Hall while avoiding Pembroke Hall
go to the Alumnae Hall while avoiding New Pembroke 3
go to the Alumnae Hall while avoiding Hillel House
go to the Brown University Bookstore while avoiding Sidney Frank Hall
go to the Thayer and Cushing while avoiding West House
navigate to the 219 Bowen but do n't ever go to West House .
navigate to the Sidney Frank Hall but do n't ever go to Pembroke Hall .
navigate to the Blue State Coffee but do n't ever go to Andrews Terrace .
navigate to the Sidney Frank Hall but do n't ever go to Pembroke Park .
navigate to the Pembroke Park but do n't ever go to Second Time Around .
navigate to the Andreas but do n't ever go to West House .
navigate to the East Side Station Post Office but do n't ever go to Avon Cinema .
navigate to the Blue State Coffee but do n't ever go to Sidney Frank Hall .
navigate to the J. R. Workman Garden but do n't ever go to New Pembroke 2 .
navigate to the Pleasant Surprises but do n't ever go to 111 Brown Street North House .
navigate to the Thayer and Meeting but do n't ever go to Brown University Bookstore .
avoid Biomedical Center and go to the New Pembroke 4 .
avoid 111 Brown Street North House and go to the 219 Bowen .
avoid Second Time Around and go to the Andrews Terrace .
avoid Andrews Terrace and go to the Second Time Around .
avoid East Side Station Post Office and go to the College Hill Bookstore .
avoid 111 Brown Street North House and go to the West House .
avoid Alumnae Hall and go to the Pleasant Surprises .
avoid 111 Brown Street North House and go to the New Pembroke 4 .
avoid Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building and go to the Meeting Street Cafe .
always avoid Pleasant Surprises and go to the 164 Angel .
always avoid Miller Hall and go to the College Hill Bookstore .
always avoid Andrews Terrace and go to the Emery Hall .
always avoid Soban and go to the CVS .
always avoid Metcalf Hall and go to the Blue State Coffee .
always avoid Supercuts and go to the 219 Bowen .
always avoid Second Time Around and go to the Pleasant Surprises .
always avoid Metcalf Hall and go to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
always avoid Spiritus Fermenti and go to the Supercuts .
go to the Facing Thayer but do not go to Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to the Blue State Coffee but do not go to Thayer and Meeting .
go to the Peter Green House but do not go to Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the Andrews Hall but do not go to Emery Hall .
go to the Metcalf Hall but do not go to New Pembroke 2 .
go to the New Pembroke 2 but do not go to Morriss Hall .
go to the New Pembroke 4 but do not go to Second Time Around .
go to the Brown University Bookstore but do not go to Salon Persia .
go to the 111 Brown Street North House but do not go to West House .
go to the Thayer and Cushing but do not go to Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the Granoff Center but do not go to West House .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall avoiding Champlin Hall .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall avoiding New Pembroke 2 .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall avoiding Hillel House .
go to the Supercuts avoiding New Pembroke 3 .
go to the 164 Angel avoiding 219 Bowen .
go to the Biomedical Center avoiding New Pembroke 3 .
go to the Hillel House avoiding Facing Thayer .
go to the Hillel House avoiding New Pembroke 3 .
go to the Blue State Coffee avoiding Andreas .
go to the Andrews Hall avoiding Avon Cinema .
go to the Second Time Around avoiding 111 Brown Street North House .
navigate to the Sidney Frank Hall while avoiding Berk's;Shanghai .
navigate to the Alumnae Hall while avoiding Andrews Hall .
navigate to the 111 Brown Street North House while avoiding Spiritus Fermenti .
navigate to the Andreas while avoiding Thayer and Cushing .
navigate to the New Pembroke 4 while avoiding Sidney Frank Hall .
navigate to the Avon Cinema while avoiding Biomedical Center .
navigate to the Metcalf Hall while avoiding West House .
navigate to the East Side Station Post Office while avoiding New Pembroke 3 .
navigate to the Sidney Frank Hall while avoiding J. R. Workman Garden .
navigate to the Sharpe House while avoiding 111 Brown Street North House .
navigate to the East Side Station Post Office while avoiding CVS .
avoid Pembroke Park and go to the West House .
avoid Smith Buonanno Hall and go to the Second Time Around .
avoid Emery Hall and go to the Second Time Around .
avoid Verney-Woolley Hall and go to the Soban .
avoid Granoff Center and go to the Thayer and Meeting .
avoid Andrews Hall and go to the Meeting Street Cafe .
avoid Salon Persia and go to the Berk's;Shanghai .
avoid Morriss Hall and go to the Sidney Frank Hall .
avoid Morriss Hall and go to the Alumnae Hall .
avoid Salon Persia and go to the Pembroke Hall .
avoid Spiritus Fermenti and go to the Sidney Frank Hall .
avoid Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building and go to the CVS .
go to the Morriss Hall while avoiding Spiritus Fermenti and the Spiritus Fermenti
go to the Facing Thayer while avoiding Verney-Woolley Hall and the Verney-Woolley Hall
go to the Pleasant Surprises while avoiding J. R. Workman Garden and the J. R. Workman Garden
go to the Peter Green House while avoiding Sidney Frank Hall and the Sidney Frank Hall
go to the Thayer and Cushing while avoiding New Pembroke 4 and the New Pembroke 4
go to the Peter Green House while avoiding New Pembroke 3 and the New Pembroke 3
go to the Pleasant Surprises while avoiding Berk's;Shanghai and the Berk's;Shanghai
go to the Soban while avoiding West House and the West House
go to the Smith Buonanno Hall while avoiding 111 Brown Street North House and the 111 Brown Street North House
go to the New Pembroke 2 while avoiding Pleasant Surprises and the Pleasant Surprises
go to the New Pembroke 3 while avoiding Soban and the Soban
go to the Supercuts while avoiding Soban and the Soban
go to the Pembroke Hall avoiding West House .
go to the Thayer and Cushing avoiding Pembroke Hall .
go to the Pembroke Hall avoiding Andreas .
go to the Berk's;Shanghai avoiding Biomedical Center .
go to the Peter Green House avoiding Avon Cinema .
go to the Andreas avoiding Alumnae Hall .
go to the New Pembroke 4 avoiding Facing Thayer .
go to the 111 Brown Street North House avoiding Pleasant Surprises .
go to the Pembroke Park avoiding Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the Champlin Hall and avoid Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the West House and avoid Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the Salon Persia and avoid Pembroke Hall .
go to the Andrews Hall and avoid Andreas .
go to the Pembroke Park and avoid Emery Hall .
go to the 219 Bowen and avoid Sharpe House .
go to the Emery & Wooley and avoid Brown University Bookstore .
go to the Thayer and Cushing and avoid Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to the Pembroke Hall and avoid Andrews Terrace .
go to the Spiritus Fermenti and avoid Peter Green House .
go to the Hillel House and avoid Soban .
go to the Champlin Hall while avoiding New Pembroke 4
go to the Champlin Hall while avoiding Avon Cinema
go to the East Side Station Post Office while avoiding Sidney Frank Hall
go to the Smith Buonanno Hall while avoiding Blue State Coffee
go to the Miller Hall while avoiding Salon Persia
go to the Emery Hall while avoiding Andrews Hall
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall while avoiding Sidney Frank Hall
go to the West House while avoiding Second Time Around
go to the Spiritus Fermenti while avoiding Hillel House
go to the Emery & Wooley while avoiding College Hill Bookstore
go to the Supercuts while avoiding Meeting Street Cafe
go to the Soban while avoiding Andrews Hall
go to the New Pembroke 1 while avoiding Smith Buonanno Hall
go to the Andrews Terrace but avoid West House .
go to the New Pembroke 1 but avoid Emery Hall .
go to the New Pembroke 2 but avoid Miller Hall .
go to the Emery & Wooley but avoid Pleasant Surprises .
go to the New Pembroke 2 but avoid Facing Thayer .
go to the Smith Buonanno Hall but avoid West House .
go to the Emery & Wooley but avoid Blue State Coffee .
go to the Andreas but avoid Andrews Hall .
go to the Facing Thayer but avoid Blue State Coffee .
avoid the New Pembroke 2 and go to the Sidney Frank Hall .
avoid the Andreas and go to the Miller Hall .
avoid the Thayer and Meeting and go to the 219 Bowen .
avoid the Sidney Frank Hall and go to the New Pembroke 4 .
avoid the New Pembroke 2 and go to the 111 Brown Street North House .
avoid the J. R. Workman Garden and go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
avoid the Meeting Street Cafe and go to the Emery & Wooley .
avoid the Miller Hall and go to the Thayer and Meeting .
avoid the Verney-Woolley Hall and go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
avoid the Pleasant Surprises and go to the New Pembroke 4 .
avoid the 219 Bowen and go to the Metcalf Hall .
avoid the Peter Green House and go to the Granoff Center .
avoid the Sidney Frank Hall and go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
avoid the Pembroke Park and go to the Pembroke Hall .
avoid the West House and go to the Blue State Coffee .
go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building while avoiding Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall while avoiding Alumnae Hall .
go to the Soban while avoiding 164 Angel .
go to the Supercuts while avoiding Emery & Wooley .
go to the Second Time Around while avoiding Granoff Center .
go to the Granoff Center while avoiding Salon Persia .
go to the J. R. Workman Garden while avoiding Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to the Pembroke Park while avoiding Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to the Avon Cinema while avoiding College Hill Bookstore .
go to the Andreas while avoiding Thayer and Cushing .
go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building while avoiding Meeting Street Cafe .
avoid Blue State Coffee and go to the Andreas .
avoid New Pembroke 2 and go to the Andrews Hall .
avoid Pembroke Park and go to the Pleasant Surprises .
avoid Alumnae Hall and go to the Sharpe House .
avoid Metcalf Hall and go to the Thayer and Meeting .
avoid New Pembroke 1 and go to the Second Time Around .
avoid Blue State Coffee and go to the Thayer and Cushing .
avoid Facing Thayer and go to the 164 Angel .
avoid New Pembroke 4 and go to the Pembroke Hall .
avoid Biomedical Center and go to the Morriss Hall .
avoid Supercuts and go to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
avoid Soban and go to the East Side Station Post Office .
avoid Supercuts and go to the Facing Thayer .
avoid Facing Thayer and go to the Pembroke Park .
avoid Peter Green House and go to the Andrews Terrace .
from the Andrews Hall , go to Andrews Hall directly .
from the Morriss Hall , go to Morriss Hall directly .
from the Thayer and Meeting , go to Thayer and Meeting directly .
go up to the Hillel House without going to Andreas .
go up to the Second Time Around without going to East Side Station Post Office .
go up to the Sidney Frank Hall without going to CVS .
go up to the Meeting Street Cafe without going to Sidney Frank Hall .
go up to the Berk's;Shanghai without going to Andrews Hall .
go up to the 111 Brown Street North House without going to Spiritus Fermenti .
go up to the New Pembroke 3 without going to Metcalf Hall .
go up to the Champlin Hall without going to Meeting Street Cafe .
go up to the Facing Thayer without going to Berk's;Shanghai .
proceed to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building by going through the Avon Cinema .
proceed to the Andreas by going through the Berk's;Shanghai .
proceed to the Verney-Woolley Hall by going through the Hillel House .
proceed to the Berk's;Shanghai by going through the Alumnae Hall .
proceed to the Morriss Hall by going through the Alumnae Hall .
proceed to the 111 Brown Street North House by going through the Sidney Frank Hall .
proceed to the Granoff Center by going through the Smith Buonanno Hall .
proceed to the Verney-Woolley Hall by going through the Champlin Hall .
proceed to the Thayer and Cushing by going through the Blue State Coffee .
proceed to the Champlin Hall by going through the Miller Hall .
proceed to the Avon Cinema by going through the Miller Hall .
go to the Champlin Hall through the Emery & Wooley
go to the West House through the Granoff Center
go to the Peter Green House through the Andrews Terrace
go to the Morriss Hall through the Avon Cinema
go to the Thayer and Meeting through the College Hill Bookstore
go to the Second Time Around through the 111 Brown Street North House
go to the 219 Bowen through the Pembroke Hall
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall through the Facing Thayer
go to the Morriss Hall through the Andreas
go to the 164 Angel through the Spiritus Fermenti
go to the Thayer and Meeting through the Biomedical Center
go to the 164 Angel through the Biomedical Center
go through the Pembroke Park to the Pembroke Hall .
go through the Pembroke Park to the New Pembroke 3 .
go through the Second Time Around to the Avon Cinema .
go through the Soban to the Pleasant Surprises .
go through the Brown University Bookstore to the Andrews Terrace .
go through the Soban to the Hillel House .
go through the Emery Hall to the West House .
go through the Andreas to the Meeting Street Cafe .
go through the Biomedical Center to the Brown University Bookstore .
go through the Sidney Frank Hall to the West House .
go through the Spiritus Fermenti to the Andrews Hall .
go through the Andrews Hall to the Biomedical Center .
go through the Metcalf Hall to the Andrews Terrace .
move to the Thayer and Meeting and then the Salon Persia .
move to the New Pembroke 1 and then the Biomedical Center .
move to the 219 Bowen and then the Granoff Center .
move to the Champlin Hall and then the Metcalf Hall .
move to the Miller Hall and then the East Side Station Post Office .
move to the 164 Angel and then the New Pembroke 3 .
move to the Berk's;Shanghai and then the Sharpe House .
move to the Avon Cinema and then the Pleasant Surprises .
move to the West House and then the East Side Station Post Office .
navigate to the 164 Angel through the Smith Buonanno Hall .
navigate to the Andreas through the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
navigate to the Meeting Street Cafe through the Facing Thayer .
navigate to the Meeting Street Cafe through the Avon Cinema .
navigate to the J. R. Workman Garden through the Miller Hall .
navigate to the Granoff Center through the Meeting Street Cafe .
navigate to the New Pembroke 2 through the Blue State Coffee .
navigate to the Andrews Terrace through the 164 Angel .
navigate to the Metcalf Hall through the Sidney Frank Hall .
navigate to the Andrews Hall through the Berk's;Shanghai .
navigate to the 219 Bowen through the College Hill Bookstore .
navigate to the New Pembroke 4 through the Sidney Frank Hall .
navigate to the Second Time Around through the College Hill Bookstore .
navigate to the Pembroke Park through the Brown University Bookstore .
navigate to the Second Time Around through the West House .
move to the Avon Cinema then continue to the Biomedical Center .
move to the Sidney Frank Hall then continue to the 219 Bowen .
move to the Spiritus Fermenti then continue to the Supercuts .
move to the Facing Thayer then continue to the College Hill Bookstore .
move to the Hillel House then continue to the Meeting Street Cafe .
move to the Sidney Frank Hall then continue to the East Side Station Post Office .
move to the Pembroke Hall then continue to the East Side Station Post Office .
move to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building then continue to the Meeting Street Cafe .
move to the Biomedical Center then continue to the Blue State Coffee .
go to the Supercuts through the Andrews Hall .
go to the Thayer and Meeting through the Emery & Wooley .
go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building through the Avon Cinema .
go to the Miller Hall through the Biomedical Center .
go to the West House through the 219 Bowen .
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall through the Emery & Wooley .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall through the New Pembroke 3 .
go to the J. R. Workman Garden through the Hillel House .
go to the New Pembroke 1 through the Emery Hall .
go to the Meeting Street Cafe through the Supercuts .
go to the Peter Green House through the Second Time Around .
go to Verney-Woolley Hall and then to Andrews Terrace
go to Alumnae Hall and then to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building
go to East Side Station Post Office and then to New Pembroke 1
go to Pembroke Hall and then to New Pembroke 4
go to Biomedical Center and then to Pleasant Surprises
go to Blue State Coffee and then to New Pembroke 4
go to Sidney Frank Hall and then to J. R. Workman Garden
go to West House and then to Brown University Bookstore
go to Supercuts and then to Peter Green House
go to Andreas and then to New Pembroke 3
go to Miller Hall and then to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building
go to Berk's;Shanghai and then to Metcalf Hall
go to J. R. Workman Garden and then to Thayer and Meeting
go to the Granoff Center , then go to the College Hill Bookstore .
go to the Granoff Center , then go to the 111 Brown Street North House .
go to the Sharpe House , then go to the Pembroke Hall .
go to the Biomedical Center , then go to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the Granoff Center , then go to the West House .
go to the Metcalf Hall , then go to the Andrews Hall .
go to the Peter Green House , then go to the Emery Hall .
go to the CVS , then go to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to the Thayer and Cushing , then go to the CVS .
go to the 111 Brown Street North House , then go to the Emery & Wooley .
go to the Thayer and Meeting , then go to the Miller Hall .
go from the Brown University Bookstore to the Sidney Frank Hall
go from the West House to the Thayer and Meeting
go from the Champlin Hall to the New Pembroke 4
go from the New Pembroke 4 to the Brown University Bookstore
go from the Champlin Hall to the Alumnae Hall
go from the College Hill Bookstore to the Sidney Frank Hall
go from the College Hill Bookstore to the West House
go from the Blue State Coffee to the Thayer and Cushing
go from the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building to the Soban
go to the Peter Green House by touching the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to the 111 Brown Street North House by touching the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to the New Pembroke 3 by touching the College Hill Bookstore .
go to the Pembroke Park by touching the New Pembroke 4 .
go to the Peter Green House by touching the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to the Spiritus Fermenti by touching the Granoff Center .
go to the Pembroke Hall by touching the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the 111 Brown Street North House by touching the Meeting Street Cafe .
go to the 219 Bowen by touching the New Pembroke 2 .
go to the Hillel House by touching the Supercuts .
go to the Soban by touching the Berk's;Shanghai .
go to the Avon Cinema by touching the J. R. Workman Garden .
go to the Berk's;Shanghai by touching the Sharpe House .
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall by touching the Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to the Thayer and Cushing by touching the Andreas .
go to the Emery Hall through the Supercuts .
go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building through the Andreas .
go to the Andrews Terrace through the Facing Thayer .
go to the Brown University Bookstore through the Andreas .
go to the Berk's;Shanghai through the New Pembroke 1 .
go to the Pembroke Park through the Alumnae Hall .
go to the Biomedical Center through the East Side Station Post Office .
go to the New Pembroke 2 through the Andreas .
go to the Emery Hall through the Meeting Street Cafe .
go to the Avon Cinema through the Andrews Hall .
go to the 111 Brown Street North House through the 164 Angel .
go to the West House through the Avon Cinema .
go to the Smith Buonanno Hall through the Emery Hall .
go to the College Hill Bookstore through the Meeting Street Cafe .
go to the Supercuts through the 164 Angel .
first navigate to the 111 Brown Street North House , then make your way to the Emery Hall .
first navigate to the Smith Buonanno Hall , then make your way to the Emery & Wooley .
first navigate to the Second Time Around , then make your way to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
first navigate to the Blue State Coffee , then make your way to the New Pembroke 1 .
first navigate to the Morriss Hall , then make your way to the Avon Cinema .
first navigate to the Granoff Center , then make your way to the New Pembroke 1 .
first navigate to the Peter Green House , then make your way to the Miller Hall .
first navigate to the 164 Angel , then make your way to the West House .
first navigate to the Emery & Wooley , then make your way to the Facing Thayer .
head to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building , but make sure to go through the Sidney Frank Hall first .
head to the Metcalf Hall , but make sure to go through the Granoff Center first .
head to the Peter Green House , but make sure to go through the 164 Angel first .
head to the 111 Brown Street North House , but make sure to go through the Thayer and Meeting first .
head to the CVS , but make sure to go through the Andrews Hall first .
head to the J. R. Workman Garden , but make sure to go through the Andrews Terrace first .
head to the Thayer and Cushing , but make sure to go through the J. R. Workman Garden first .
head to the Hillel House , but make sure to go through the Miller Hall first .
head to the J. R. Workman Garden , but make sure to go through the 164 Angel first .
head to the Miller Hall , but make sure to go through the Metcalf Hall first .
head to the 111 Brown Street North House , but make sure to go through the 219 Bowen first .
head to the Salon Persia , but make sure to go through the Smith Buonanno Hall first .
head to the Pembroke Park , but make sure to go through the Sharpe House first .
go through the Emery Hall before going to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
go through the Andrews Terrace before going to the Champlin Hall .
go through the Metcalf Hall before going to the West House .
go through the Berk's;Shanghai before going to the Thayer and Meeting .
go through the Emery Hall before going to the New Pembroke 1 .
go through the Metcalf Hall before going to the Emery Hall .
go through the Brown University Bookstore before going to the Granoff Center .
go through the Andrews Terrace before going to the Emery & Wooley .
go through the Berk's;Shanghai before going to the Champlin Hall .
go through the New Pembroke 1 before going to the Sharpe House .
go through the Andrews Terrace before going to the Pembroke Park .
go through the J. R. Workman Garden before going to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go through the Sharpe House before going to the Avon Cinema .
go to the West House through the Alumnae Hall .
go to the Salon Persia through the 164 Angel .
go to the Berk's;Shanghai through the J. R. Workman Garden .
go to the Second Time Around through the Hillel House .
go to the Soban through the Meeting Street Cafe .
go to the Emery Hall through the 164 Angel .
go to the Peter Green House through the Berk's;Shanghai .
go to the Metcalf Hall through the CVS .
go to the Meeting Street Cafe through the New Pembroke 3 .
go to the Sharpe House through the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the Peter Green House through the CVS .
go to the Alumnae Hall through the Granoff Center .
go to the Pleasant Surprises through the Salon Persia .
go to the Thayer and Meeting through the CVS
go to the J. R. Workman Garden through the Smith Buonanno Hall
go to the Second Time Around through the Andrews Terrace
go to the CVS through the Smith Buonanno Hall
go to the Berk's;Shanghai through the Emery & Wooley
go to the Thayer and Cushing through the Sharpe House
go to the Thayer and Meeting through the East Side Station Post Office
go to the Alumnae Hall through the Meeting Street Cafe
go to the Meeting Street Cafe through the Peter Green House
go to the Miller Hall through the Brown University Bookstore
go to the 164 Angel through the Emery & Wooley
go to the Andrews Terrace and then navigate to the Biomedical Center .
go to the Morriss Hall and then navigate to the New Pembroke 3 .
go to the Andrews Hall and then navigate to the Granoff Center .
go to the College Hill Bookstore and then navigate to the New Pembroke 4 .
go to the Brown University Bookstore and then navigate to the Metcalf Hall .
go to the West House and then navigate to the New Pembroke 4 .
go to the West House and then navigate to the New Pembroke 1 .
go to the Champlin Hall and then navigate to the Alumnae Hall .
go to the New Pembroke 1 and then navigate to the 111 Brown Street North House .
travel through the Hillel House then go to the Alumnae Hall .
travel through the Sidney Frank Hall then go to the Andrews Terrace .
travel through the Thayer and Meeting then go to the 219 Bowen .
travel through the Sidney Frank Hall then go to the Sharpe House .
travel through the Supercuts then go to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
travel through the J. R. Workman Garden then go to the Pembroke Hall .
travel through the Andrews Hall then go to the Sidney Frank Hall .
travel through the Smith Buonanno Hall then go to the Meeting Street Cafe .
travel through the West House then go to the Brown University Bookstore .
travel through the Sharpe House then go to the Peter Green House .
travel through the Peter Green House then go to the Second Time Around .
travel through the 111 Brown Street North House then go to the Second Time Around .
travel through the 219 Bowen then go to the Pembroke Hall .
go to the Thayer and Cushing by first going through the 164 Angel .
go to the Brown University Bookstore by first going through the Miller Hall .
go to the Andrews Hall by first going through the Hillel House .
go to the 219 Bowen by first going through the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the Soban by first going through the Pembroke Hall .
go to the Spiritus Fermenti by first going through the Berk's;Shanghai .
go to the CVS by first going through the New Pembroke 3 .
go to the New Pembroke 2 by first going through the 164 Angel .
go to the Blue State Coffee by first going through the Pembroke Park .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall by first going through the Miller Hall .
go to the J. R. Workman Garden by first going through the Pembroke Hall .
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall by first going through the New Pembroke 2 .
go to the New Pembroke 2 through the New Pembroke 4 .
go to the Pleasant Surprises through the New Pembroke 2 .
go to the Pembroke Park through the Alumnae Hall .
go to the Supercuts through the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall through the College Hill Bookstore .
go to the Smith Buonanno Hall through the Alumnae Hall .
go to the West House through the Andreas .
go to the New Pembroke 3 through the Thayer and Cushing .
go to the Morriss Hall through the Biomedical Center .
go to the 219 Bowen through the Thayer and Cushing .
go to the Smith Buonanno Hall through the Emery Hall .
go to the J. R. Workman Garden through the Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to the J. R. Workman Garden through the Spiritus Fermenti .
always go through the Emery & Wooley to get to the Pleasant Surprises .
always go through the Metcalf Hall to get to the Biomedical Center .
always go through the Thayer and Meeting to get to the Andrews Terrace .
always go through the Meeting Street Cafe to get to the New Pembroke 2 .
always go through the Andrews Terrace to get to the Soban .
always go through the Champlin Hall to get to the Second Time Around .
always go through the Brown University Bookstore to get to the Morriss Hall .
always go through the Meeting Street Cafe to get to the Granoff Center .
always go through the Brown University Bookstore to get to the Second Time Around .
go to the College Hill Bookstore before going to the New Pembroke 4 .
go to the Soban before going to the Andrews Terrace .
go to the Andrews Terrace before going to the Berk's;Shanghai .
go to the 111 Brown Street North House before going to the Alumnae Hall .
go to the Supercuts before going to the Avon Cinema .
go to the New Pembroke 1 before going to the Salon Persia .
go to the College Hill Bookstore before going to the Thayer and Cushing .
go to the 164 Angel before going to the CVS .
go to the Supercuts before going to the Second Time Around .
go to the Pleasant Surprises before going to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the Facing Thayer before going to the East Side Station Post Office .
go to the Champlin Hall before going to the J. R. Workman Garden .
go to East Side Station Post Office and then to CVS
go to Smith Buonanno Hall and then to Brown University Bookstore
go to Emery & Wooley and then to J. R. Workman Garden
go to Pembroke Park and then to Facing Thayer
go to College Hill Bookstore and then to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building
go to Peter Green House and then to Biomedical Center
go to Thayer and Cushing and then to East Side Station Post Office
go to Emery Hall and then to West House
go to Salon Persia and then to Sharpe House
go to New Pembroke 3 and then to College Hill Bookstore
go to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building and then to Andrews Terrace
go to Alumnae Hall and then to Brown University Bookstore
go to Blue State Coffee and then to Granoff Center
go to Andrews Terrace and then to 111 Brown Street North House
go to Salon Persia and then to Sharpe House
go to the Andreas through the CVS
go to the Miller Hall through the Thayer and Cushing
go to the Pleasant Surprises through the Salon Persia
go to the Pleasant Surprises through the Andreas
go to the Morriss Hall through the Miller Hall
go to the Sharpe House through the West House
go to the Avon Cinema through the Pembroke Hall
go to the 164 Angel through the Morriss Hall
go to the Sharpe House through the Sidney Frank Hall
go to the Soban through the Thayer and Meeting
go to the Biomedical Center and then go to the Avon Cinema .
go to the Hillel House and then go to the Berk's;Shanghai .
go to the 219 Bowen and then go to the Avon Cinema .
go to the Peter Green House and then go to the J. R. Workman Garden .
go to the Facing Thayer and then go to the Thayer and Cushing .
go to the Biomedical Center and then go to the College Hill Bookstore .
go to the College Hill Bookstore and then go to the Pleasant Surprises .
go to the J. R. Workman Garden and then go to the College Hill Bookstore .
go to the Hillel House and then go to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to the Andrews Hall and then go to the College Hill Bookstore .
go to the Avon Cinema and then go to the New Pembroke 4 .
go to the Supercuts and then go to the Salon Persia .
go to the 219 Bowen and then go to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go through the Peter Green House before going to the Soban .
go through the New Pembroke 2 before going to the New Pembroke 3 .
go through the Metcalf Hall before going to the Facing Thayer .
go through the CVS before going to the Salon Persia .
go through the Pleasant Surprises before going to the Andrews Terrace .
go through the Second Time Around before going to the Champlin Hall .
go through the Pembroke Hall before going to the Andrews Hall .
go through the Avon Cinema before going to the Andrews Terrace .
go through the Supercuts before going to the Second Time Around .
go through the Hillel House before going to the Andreas .
go through the Alumnae Hall before going to the 111 Brown Street North House .
go through the Soban before going to the Brown University Bookstore .
go through the Meeting Street Cafe before going to the Metcalf Hall .
go through the Granoff Center before going to the Andrews Terrace .
go to the Granoff Center through the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the New Pembroke 2 through the Alumnae Hall .
go to the Soban through the J. R. Workman Garden .
go to the Salon Persia through the Soban .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall through the Pembroke Hall .
go to the Spiritus Fermenti through the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to the Peter Green House through the Pembroke Park .
go to the Emery Hall through the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the Facing Thayer through the Alumnae Hall .
go to the J. R. Workman Garden through the New Pembroke 2 .
go to the New Pembroke 2 through the Andrews Hall .
go to the CVS through the Avon Cinema .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall through the Emery & Wooley .
go to the Blue State Coffee through the West House .
navigate to the Spiritus Fermenti through the Miller Hall .
navigate to the Blue State Coffee through the Andreas .
navigate to the Hillel House through the Supercuts .
navigate to the Peter Green House through the Sidney Frank Hall .
navigate to the Verney-Woolley Hall through the Salon Persia .
navigate to the College Hill Bookstore through the Granoff Center .
navigate to the Andrews Hall through the Berk's;Shanghai .
navigate to the Spiritus Fermenti through the CVS .
navigate to the Facing Thayer through the Miller Hall .
go through the Smith Buonanno Hall first , then go to the College Hill Bookstore .
go through the 219 Bowen first , then go to the 164 Angel .
go through the Brown University Bookstore first , then go to the Hillel House .
go through the Smith Buonanno Hall first , then go to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go through the Sidney Frank Hall first , then go to the Miller Hall .
go through the New Pembroke 2 first , then go to the Meeting Street Cafe .
go through the Metcalf Hall first , then go to the Biomedical Center .
go through the 164 Angel first , then go to the Berk's;Shanghai .
go through the Smith Buonanno Hall first , then go to the Soban .
go through the Biomedical Center to the Blue State Coffee .
go through the Pembroke Park to the Miller Hall .
go through the New Pembroke 4 to the Peter Green House .
go through the Sidney Frank Hall to the Metcalf Hall .
go through the West House to the Avon Cinema .
go through the Andreas to the Brown University Bookstore .
go through the Soban to the Brown University Bookstore .
go through the Andrews Terrace to the 164 Angel .
go through the Alumnae Hall to the West House .
go through the Champlin Hall to the Emery & Wooley .
go through the Brown University Bookstore to the 111 Brown Street North House .
go through the Salon Persia to the Hillel House .
go through the Peter Green House to the Andrews Terrace .
go through the Blue State Coffee to the Thayer and Meeting .
go through the New Pembroke 1 to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go through the Granoff Center to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go through the Miller Hall to the 219 Bowen .
go through the Brown University Bookstore to the Spiritus Fermenti .
go through the Emery Hall to the Thayer and Cushing .
go through the Avon Cinema to the New Pembroke 2 .
go through the New Pembroke 1 to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go through the Sidney Frank Hall to the Second Time Around .
go through the Miller Hall to the Berk's;Shanghai .
go through the 219 Bowen to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go through the CVS to the Pembroke Park .
go through the Sidney Frank Hall to the Avon Cinema .
go through the Meeting Street Cafe to the Pembroke Park .
go through the Pembroke Hall to the Supercuts .
go through the Avon Cinema to the Blue State Coffee .
go through the Verney-Woolley Hall to the Avon Cinema .
go through the Thayer and Cushing to the New Pembroke 1 .
go through the West House to the Emery Hall .
go through the New Pembroke 3 to the Pembroke Park .
go through the Facing Thayer to the Berk's;Shanghai .
go through the Verney-Woolley Hall to the Morriss Hall .
go through the Avon Cinema to the Blue State Coffee .
go through the Granoff Center to the Biomedical Center .
go through the West House to the 219 Bowen .
go through the New Pembroke 2 to the Andrews Terrace .
go through the Pleasant Surprises to the West House .
go through the Andreas to the Andrews Hall .
go through the Facing Thayer to the Biomedical Center .
go through the Salon Persia to the Second Time Around .
always navigate to New Pembroke 2 and then proceed to West House .
always navigate to Thayer and Meeting and then proceed to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
always navigate to East Side Station Post Office and then proceed to Alumnae Hall .
always navigate to New Pembroke 2 and then proceed to Soban .
always navigate to Second Time Around and then proceed to CVS .
always navigate to Pleasant Surprises and then proceed to Andrews Hall .
always navigate to Miller Hall and then proceed to Smith Buonanno Hall .
always navigate to Granoff Center and then proceed to East Side Station Post Office .
always navigate to West House and then proceed to Spiritus Fermenti .
head to the Smith Buonanno Hall and then head to the Facing Thayer .
head to the Soban and then head to the CVS .
head to the East Side Station Post Office and then head to the CVS .
head to the New Pembroke 4 and then head to the Salon Persia .
head to the New Pembroke 2 and then head to the Meeting Street Cafe .
head to the Andrews Hall and then head to the Pleasant Surprises .
head to the Andrews Terrace and then head to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
head to the Biomedical Center and then head to the Pembroke Hall .
head to the Pleasant Surprises and then head to the West House .
head to the J. R. Workman Garden and then head to the Sidney Frank Hall .
head to the Sidney Frank Hall and then head to the 111 Brown Street North House .
go through the Biomedical Center before going to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go through the College Hill Bookstore before going to the Thayer and Cushing .
go through the Verney-Woolley Hall before going to the Peter Green House .
go through the Sharpe House before going to the Champlin Hall .
go through the Peter Green House before going to the Brown University Bookstore .
go through the 219 Bowen before going to the Champlin Hall .
go through the Berk's;Shanghai before going to the College Hill Bookstore .
go through the Avon Cinema before going to the Blue State Coffee .
go through the Alumnae Hall before going to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
visit the New Pembroke 1 and then move to the Facing Thayer .
visit the Emery Hall and then move to the Spiritus Fermenti .
visit the Berk's;Shanghai and then move to the Alumnae Hall .
visit the Sidney Frank Hall and then move to the Avon Cinema .
visit the Sidney Frank Hall and then move to the 111 Brown Street North House .
visit the New Pembroke 3 and then move to the Berk's;Shanghai .
visit the Miller Hall and then move to the Facing Thayer .
visit the Miller Hall and then move to the 164 Angel .
visit the Andrews Hall and then move to the Sidney Frank Hall .
visit the 219 Bowen and then move to the Biomedical Center .
visit the Sidney Frank Hall and then move to the Sidney Frank Hall .
visit the Berk's;Shanghai and then move to the Supercuts .
visit the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building and then move to the Thayer and Meeting .
visit the Thayer and Cushing and then move to the Andrews Hall .
go through the CVS and navigate to the Granoff Center .
go through the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building and navigate to the Emery Hall .
go through the New Pembroke 4 and navigate to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go through the College Hill Bookstore and navigate to the Thayer and Meeting .
go through the Emery & Wooley and navigate to the Second Time Around .
go through the West House and navigate to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go through the Verney-Woolley Hall and navigate to the East Side Station Post Office .
go through the CVS and navigate to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go through the Second Time Around and navigate to the New Pembroke 2 .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall and go down to the New Pembroke 3 .
go to the Andrews Terrace and go down to the Brown University Bookstore .
go to the Metcalf Hall and go down to the Second Time Around .
go to the Metcalf Hall and go down to the J. R. Workman Garden .
go to the New Pembroke 3 and go down to the Berk's;Shanghai .
go to the West House and go down to the Pleasant Surprises .
go to the Supercuts and go down to the New Pembroke 4 .
go to the Brown University Bookstore and go down to the Andrews Terrace .
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall and go down to the Pembroke Hall .
go to the Pembroke Hall and go down to the Morriss Hall .
go to the Andrews Terrace and go down to the Miller Hall .
go to the Brown University Bookstore and go down to the Hillel House .
go to the Avon Cinema and go down to the West House .
go to the New Pembroke 4 through the Second Time Around .
go to the Morriss Hall through the East Side Station Post Office .
go to the Pembroke Hall through the Second Time Around .
go to the Soban through the Morriss Hall .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall through the Spiritus Fermenti .
go to the East Side Station Post Office through the Morriss Hall .
go to the Granoff Center through the West House .
go to the Alumnae Hall through the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the Andrews Hall through the J. R. Workman Garden .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall through the CVS .
go to the Emery Hall through the Soban .
go to the Second Time Around through the Avon Cinema .
go to the Pleasant Surprises through the Morriss Hall .
go to the Spiritus Fermenti through the Biomedical Center .
go to the Hillel House through the Metcalf Hall .
go to the Andrews Terrace through the Brown University Bookstore .
go to the Smith Buonanno Hall through the 111 Brown Street North House .
go to the Morriss Hall through the Granoff Center .
go to the Pembroke Hall through the West House .
go to the Emery & Wooley through the Emery Hall .
go to the New Pembroke 2 through the Alumnae Hall .
go to the Pembroke Park through the College Hill Bookstore .
go to the Miller Hall through the Morriss Hall .
go to the Emery Hall through the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the Supercuts through the Pembroke Hall .
go through the Miller Hall then to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go through the Berk's;Shanghai then to the New Pembroke 1 .
go through the Blue State Coffee then to the 219 Bowen .
go through the Sidney Frank Hall then to the Alumnae Hall .
go through the CVS then to the Andrews Terrace .
go through the New Pembroke 2 then to the Supercuts .
go through the Hillel House then to the Andreas .
go through the Spiritus Fermenti then to the Thayer and Meeting .
go through the Pleasant Surprises then to the Facing Thayer .
navigate to the West House via the Emery Hall .
navigate to the Emery & Wooley via the Pembroke Park .
navigate to the Thayer and Meeting via the Smith Buonanno Hall .
navigate to the Hillel House via the Thayer and Cushing .
navigate to the Peter Green House via the Salon Persia .
navigate to the Thayer and Cushing via the Spiritus Fermenti .
navigate to the 164 Angel via the West House .
navigate to the Morriss Hall via the Alumnae Hall .
navigate to the Meeting Street Cafe via the Alumnae Hall .
navigate to the Andrews Terrace via the Spiritus Fermenti .
navigate to the Pembroke Hall via the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the Blue State Coffee through the Pembroke Hall .
go to the Second Time Around through the J. R. Workman Garden .
go to the Peter Green House through the Supercuts .
go to the Biomedical Center through the Emery & Wooley .
go to the Biomedical Center through the College Hill Bookstore .
go to the New Pembroke 2 through the Biomedical Center .
go to the Avon Cinema through the Andrews Terrace .
go to the Andrews Hall through the Morriss Hall .
go to the New Pembroke 4 through the Spiritus Fermenti .
go to the Supercuts through the Salon Persia .
go to the Pleasant Surprises through the New Pembroke 3 .
go to the Soban by first going through the New Pembroke 1 .
go to the Pembroke Hall by first going through the Alumnae Hall .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall by first going through the New Pembroke 4 .
go to the Blue State Coffee by first going through the Andrews Hall .
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall by first going through the J. R. Workman Garden .
go to the Blue State Coffee by first going through the Sharpe House .
go to the 219 Bowen by first going through the Meeting Street Cafe .
go to the New Pembroke 3 by first going through the Emery Hall .
go to the Granoff Center by first going through the Avon Cinema .
pass through the Second Time Around before going to the Sidney Frank Hall .
pass through the Peter Green House before going to the Soban .
pass through the Brown University Bookstore before going to the Biomedical Center .
pass through the New Pembroke 1 before going to the Andreas .
pass through the 111 Brown Street North House before going to the Alumnae Hall .
pass through the Miller Hall before going to the Thayer and Meeting .
pass through the Alumnae Hall before going to the Supercuts .
pass through the Pembroke Hall before going to the J. R. Workman Garden .
pass through the Supercuts before going to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
pass through the Metcalf Hall before going to the Soban .
pass through the Peter Green House before going to the East Side Station Post Office .
move to the College Hill Bookstore , travelling through the Facing Thayer .
move to the 164 Angel , travelling through the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
move to the J. R. Workman Garden , travelling through the College Hill Bookstore .
move to the J. R. Workman Garden , travelling through the Emery Hall .
move to the New Pembroke 4 , travelling through the Biomedical Center .
move to the Facing Thayer , travelling through the CVS .
move to the New Pembroke 1 , travelling through the Blue State Coffee .
move to the J. R. Workman Garden , travelling through the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
move to the Emery Hall , travelling through the Second Time Around .
move to the College Hill Bookstore , travelling through the Thayer and Cushing .
move to the Emery & Wooley , travelling through the 219 Bowen .
move to the Pleasant Surprises , travelling through the West House .
move to the Andreas , travelling through the New Pembroke 4 .
move to the Morriss Hall , travelling through the Andreas .
move to the Smith Buonanno Hall , travelling through the Morriss Hall .
move towards Thayer and Meeting and then to Second Time Around .
move towards Biomedical Center and then to Smith Buonanno Hall .
move towards Berk's;Shanghai and then to Verney-Woolley Hall .
move towards Miller Hall and then to New Pembroke 3 .
move towards New Pembroke 1 and then to Granoff Center .
move towards New Pembroke 2 and then to Biomedical Center .
move towards Andreas and then to Emery Hall .
move towards Salon Persia and then to CVS .
move towards Morriss Hall and then to New Pembroke 3 .
move towards New Pembroke 4 and then to Andreas .
move towards Brown University Bookstore and then to Champlin Hall .
move towards Andreas and then to Pembroke Hall .
move towards J. R. Workman Garden and then to 219 Bowen .
go to the Sharpe House through the Peter Green House .
go to the Emery & Wooley through the West House .
go to the Alumnae Hall through the New Pembroke 2 .
go to the Meeting Street Cafe through the Miller Hall .
go to the East Side Station Post Office through the Metcalf Hall .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall through the 111 Brown Street North House .
go to the Champlin Hall through the Emery Hall .
go to the Avon Cinema through the New Pembroke 4 .
go to the Emery Hall through the Hillel House .
go to the 164 Angel through the Pembroke Hall .
go to the Alumnae Hall through the Miller Hall .
move to the Pembroke Hall by going through the Pembroke Park
move to the New Pembroke 1 by going through the East Side Station Post Office
move to the Meeting Street Cafe by going through the New Pembroke 3
move to the Supercuts by going through the Andrews Terrace
move to the 219 Bowen by going through the J. R. Workman Garden
move to the Soban by going through the Second Time Around
move to the East Side Station Post Office by going through the West House
move to the Berk's;Shanghai by going through the Alumnae Hall
move to the CVS by going through the New Pembroke 3
move to the Berk's;Shanghai by going through the New Pembroke 2
move to the Morriss Hall by going through the Verney-Woolley Hall
move to the Blue State Coffee by going through the Thayer and Cushing
move to the Biomedical Center by going through the 164 Angel
move to the Metcalf Hall by going through the Biomedical Center
move to the East Side Station Post Office by going through the Metcalf Hall
go to the Facing Thayer through the Andrews Hall
go to the Facing Thayer through the Granoff Center
go to the Pembroke Hall through the Pleasant Surprises
go to the 164 Angel through the Sidney Frank Hall
go to the Pembroke Hall through the New Pembroke 2
go to the 111 Brown Street North House through the Soban
go to the New Pembroke 1 through the Andreas
go to the Second Time Around through the Verney-Woolley Hall
go to the Metcalf Hall through the Berk's;Shanghai
go to the Pembroke Hall through the Andreas
go to the Emery & Wooley through the CVS
go to the Pembroke Hall through the Hillel House
go to the West House through the Miller Hall .
go to the Smith Buonanno Hall through the Metcalf Hall .
go to the Salon Persia through the Alumnae Hall .
go to the J. R. Workman Garden through the New Pembroke 2 .
go to the East Side Station Post Office through the Brown University Bookstore .
go to the Morriss Hall through the New Pembroke 2 .
go to the West House through the CVS .
go to the West House through the New Pembroke 2 .
go to the Berk's;Shanghai through the New Pembroke 1 .
go to the CVS , then go to the New Pembroke 3 .
go to the Pembroke Park , then go to the Peter Green House .
go to the New Pembroke 1 , then go to the New Pembroke 2 .
go to the New Pembroke 4 , then go to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the Soban , then go to the Metcalf Hall .
go to the Emery & Wooley , then go to the Biomedical Center .
go to the Biomedical Center , then go to the West House .
go to the East Side Station Post Office , then go to the West House .
go to the Brown University Bookstore , then go to the Spiritus Fermenti .
go to the Second Time Around , then go to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to the Salon Persia , then go to the J. R. Workman Garden .
go to the Meeting Street Cafe , then go to the Alumnae Hall .
go to the green room first
go to the green room first
go to the Meeting Street Cafe via the New Pembroke 4 .
go to the Biomedical Center via the Peter Green House .
go to the Thayer and Meeting via the Thayer and Cushing .
go to the Andrews Hall via the College Hill Bookstore .
go to the Morriss Hall via the Champlin Hall .
go to the Sharpe House via the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to the Emery Hall via the Miller Hall .
go to the 111 Brown Street North House via the West House .
go to the Meeting Street Cafe via the Andrews Hall .
go to the Blue State Coffee via the Hillel House .
go to the Thayer and Meeting via the Soban .
pass through the 219 Bowen on your way to the Morriss Hall .
pass through the Andreas on your way to the Granoff Center .
pass through the Emery Hall on your way to the Morriss Hall .
pass through the Meeting Street Cafe on your way to the Andrews Hall .
pass through the Pembroke Hall on your way to the Miller Hall .
pass through the Verney-Woolley Hall on your way to the Pleasant Surprises .
pass through the 164 Angel on your way to the Alumnae Hall .
pass through the Peter Green House on your way to the Granoff Center .
pass through the Salon Persia on your way to the 111 Brown Street North House .
pass through the Sharpe House on your way to the New Pembroke 4 .
pass through the Miller Hall on your way to the Andrews Terrace .
pass through the 111 Brown Street North House on your way to the Metcalf Hall .
pass through the CVS on your way to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
pass through the New Pembroke 1 on your way to the Andrews Hall .
pass through the New Pembroke 4 on your way to the Supercuts .
navigate to the Champlin Hall through the Thayer and Meeting .
navigate to the Meeting Street Cafe through the Second Time Around .
navigate to the Soban through the 164 Angel .
navigate to the Smith Buonanno Hall through the West House .
navigate to the Metcalf Hall through the Andrews Hall .
navigate to the Champlin Hall through the Sidney Frank Hall .
navigate to the Verney-Woolley Hall through the Second Time Around .
navigate to the Brown University Bookstore through the 164 Angel .
navigate to the Meeting Street Cafe through the Sharpe House .
navigate to the West House through the Emery & Wooley .
navigate to the Pleasant Surprises through the Thayer and Meeting .
go through the West House to the Pembroke Hall .
go through the J. R. Workman Garden to the Salon Persia .
go through the Andreas to the New Pembroke 3 .
go through the Brown University Bookstore to the Soban .
go through the Verney-Woolley Hall to the 111 Brown Street North House .
go through the Thayer and Meeting to the Granoff Center .
go through the Sidney Frank Hall to the Soban .
go through the Second Time Around to the Miller Hall .
go through the Pembroke Park to the Andreas .
go through the Champlin Hall to the Facing Thayer .
go through the Pleasant Surprises to the Miller Hall .
go through the Salon Persia to the Berk's;Shanghai .
go through the J. R. Workman Garden to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go through the Sharpe House to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go through the Metcalf Hall to the Hillel House .
go through the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building to the Second Time Around .
go through the Peter Green House to the West House .
go through the Sharpe House to the 111 Brown Street North House .
go through the Hillel House to the Pembroke Park .
go through the 164 Angel to the Spiritus Fermenti .
go through the Salon Persia to the Pleasant Surprises .
go through the Smith Buonanno Hall to the Pleasant Surprises .
go through the Pembroke Park to the West House .
go through the Champlin Hall to the Blue State Coffee .
avoid Salon Persia and go to Andreas .
avoid Second Time Around and go to Verney-Woolley Hall .
avoid 111 Brown Street North House and go to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
avoid Thayer and Meeting and go to Sidney Frank Hall .
avoid New Pembroke 1 and go to Andreas .
avoid Pembroke Park and go to Champlin Hall .
avoid Thayer and Cushing and go to Biomedical Center .
avoid CVS and go to East Side Station Post Office .
avoid East Side Station Post Office and go to Spiritus Fermenti .
avoid Thayer and Meeting and go to Verney-Woolley Hall .
avoid Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building and go to Biomedical Center .
avoid Avon Cinema and go to Blue State Coffee .
avoid Biomedical Center and go to Berk's;Shanghai .
avoid Emery Hall and go to CVS .
avoid Salon Persia and go to Berk's;Shanghai .
avoid Supercuts and go to Biomedical Center .
avoid Peter Green House and go to Meeting Street Cafe .
avoid College Hill Bookstore and go to Avon Cinema .
avoid Brown University Bookstore and go to Andrews Hall .
avoid Hillel House and go to Supercuts .
avoid West House and go to Granoff Center .
avoid Blue State Coffee and go to West House .
avoid West House and go to Thayer and Meeting .
avoid Verney-Woolley Hall and go to Biomedical Center .
go to Pleasant Surprises while avoiding Spiritus Fermenti
go to Hillel House while avoiding Champlin Hall
go to Alumnae Hall while avoiding 219 Bowen
go to Granoff Center while avoiding Thayer and Meeting
go to 111 Brown Street North House while avoiding Meeting Street Cafe
go to Metcalf Hall while avoiding Champlin Hall
go to Metcalf Hall while avoiding Pembroke Park
go to J. R. Workman Garden while avoiding Andreas
go to Avon Cinema while avoiding Andrews Terrace
always avoid the Blue State Coffee and travel to Avon Cinema .
always avoid the Meeting Street Cafe and travel to Metcalf Hall .
always avoid the College Hill Bookstore and travel to Brown University Bookstore .
always avoid the Hillel House and travel to Smith Buonanno Hall .
always avoid the Salon Persia and travel to Andrews Terrace .
always avoid the Berk's;Shanghai and travel to Emery Hall .
always avoid the Emery & Wooley and travel to 164 Angel .
always avoid the Alumnae Hall and travel to Andrews Terrace .
always avoid the Avon Cinema and travel to Biomedical Center .
always avoid the CVS and travel to Meeting Street Cafe .
always avoid the Salon Persia and travel to New Pembroke 2 .
always avoid the Smith Buonanno Hall and travel to Champlin Hall .
always avoid the Smith Buonanno Hall and travel to Metcalf Hall .
always avoid the Avon Cinema and travel to Soban .
do not go to Peter Green House until going to Morriss Hall
do not go to Alumnae Hall until going to New Pembroke 4
do not go to 164 Angel until going to College Hill Bookstore
do not go to Supercuts until going to 219 Bowen
do not go to New Pembroke 4 until going to Pembroke Hall
do not go to College Hill Bookstore until going to Andrews Hall
do not go to East Side Station Post Office until going to Soban
do not go to Peter Green House until going to Pembroke Hall
do not go to Supercuts until going to Hillel House
do not go to Salon Persia until going to 111 Brown Street North House
do not go to Facing Thayer until going to Andreas
do not go to Verney-Woolley Hall until going to Salon Persia
do not go to J. R. Workman Garden until going to West House
avoid College Hill Bookstore and go to Smith Buonanno Hall .
avoid CVS and go to Sidney Frank Hall .
avoid West House and go to Andrews Hall .
avoid Sidney Frank Hall and go to Spiritus Fermenti .
avoid Meeting Street Cafe and go to Smith Buonanno Hall .
avoid Verney-Woolley Hall and go to West House .
avoid Pembroke Park and go to Supercuts .
avoid 111 Brown Street North House and go to East Side Station Post Office .
avoid Granoff Center and go to J. R. Workman Garden .
avoid Miller Hall and go to Champlin Hall .
always avoid Andreas and go to Sidney Frank Hall
always avoid Metcalf Hall and go to Thayer and Meeting
always avoid Pembroke Hall and go to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building
always avoid Sidney Frank Hall and go to Spiritus Fermenti
always avoid Andrews Hall and go to New Pembroke 3
always avoid Blue State Coffee and go to Avon Cinema
always avoid New Pembroke 2 and go to New Pembroke 3
always avoid Miller Hall and go to East Side Station Post Office
always avoid Avon Cinema and go to Thayer and Meeting
always avoid Thayer and Meeting and go to Alumnae Hall
always avoid 164 Angel and go to Sharpe House
always avoid Alumnae Hall , and navigate to Peter Green House .
always avoid East Side Station Post Office , and navigate to New Pembroke 3 .
always avoid Thayer and Meeting , and navigate to Brown University Bookstore .
always avoid New Pembroke 3 , and navigate to Pleasant Surprises .
always avoid Smith Buonanno Hall , and navigate to Pembroke Park .
always avoid Sidney Frank Hall , and navigate to Facing Thayer .
always avoid Andrews Hall , and navigate to East Side Station Post Office .
always avoid Blue State Coffee , and navigate to Sidney Frank Hall .
always avoid Meeting Street Cafe , and navigate to J. R. Workman Garden .
always avoid Facing Thayer , and navigate to New Pembroke 2 .
always avoid New Pembroke 4 , and navigate to Meeting Street Cafe .
always avoid Avon Cinema , and navigate to Hillel House .
always avoid Thayer and Cushing , and navigate to 111 Brown Street North House .
always avoid Pleasant Surprises , and navigate to New Pembroke 4 .
always avoid Sharpe House , and navigate to Berk's;Shanghai .
always avoid Peter Green House and navigate to Spiritus Fermenti .
always avoid Thayer and Meeting and navigate to Verney-Woolley Hall .
always avoid Meeting Street Cafe and navigate to 111 Brown Street North House .
always avoid Alumnae Hall and navigate to New Pembroke 4 .
always avoid Hillel House and navigate to Pembroke Park .
always avoid Emery Hall and navigate to East Side Station Post Office .
always avoid Andrews Hall and navigate to Pembroke Park .
always avoid Andrews Hall and navigate to Thayer and Meeting .
always avoid CVS and navigate to New Pembroke 3 .
always avoid Soban and navigate to Hillel House .
always avoid Blue State Coffee and navigate to Alumnae Hall .
always avoid CVS and navigate to J. R. Workman Garden .
avoid Andreas and go to Miller Hall .
avoid New Pembroke 4 and go to College Hill Bookstore .
avoid Granoff Center and go to Avon Cinema .
avoid Hillel House and go to Granoff Center .
avoid Brown University Bookstore and go to Andreas .
avoid Smith Buonanno Hall and go to Blue State Coffee .
avoid Salon Persia and go to Smith Buonanno Hall .
avoid New Pembroke 2 and go to Andrews Hall .
avoid Emery & Wooley and go to Sharpe House .
avoid Andrews Hall and go to Thayer and Meeting .
avoid Sidney Frank Hall and go to Granoff Center .
avoid Brown University Bookstore and go to Pleasant Surprises .
avoid Berk's;Shanghai while traveling to Miller Hall .
avoid J. R. Workman Garden while traveling to New Pembroke 2 .
avoid College Hill Bookstore while traveling to Soban .
avoid Supercuts while traveling to Blue State Coffee .
avoid Meeting Street Cafe while traveling to Second Time Around .
avoid Metcalf Hall while traveling to New Pembroke 1 .
avoid Facing Thayer while traveling to Miller Hall .
avoid College Hill Bookstore while traveling to New Pembroke 3 .
avoid Miller Hall while traveling to College Hill Bookstore .
avoid Avon Cinema while traveling to Blue State Coffee .
avoid J. R. Workman Garden while traveling to Verney-Woolley Hall .
always avoid Berk's;Shanghai and go to Emery & Wooley .
always avoid West House and go to Emery Hall .
always avoid East Side Station Post Office and go to Granoff Center .
always avoid Thayer and Cushing and go to Thayer and Meeting .
always avoid East Side Station Post Office and go to Andreas .
always avoid Andrews Terrace and go to Emery & Wooley .
always avoid Sidney Frank Hall and go to Emery Hall .
always avoid Morriss Hall and go to Sharpe House .
always avoid Morriss Hall and go to Metcalf Hall .
always avoid Andrews Hall and go to 111 Brown Street North House .
avoid Pembroke Park , and go to Metcalf Hall .
avoid Emery & Wooley , and go to Sharpe House .
avoid Brown University Bookstore , and go to Pembroke Park .
avoid Miller Hall , and go to New Pembroke 2 .
avoid 111 Brown Street North House , and go to Facing Thayer .
avoid Metcalf Hall , and go to Andrews Hall .
avoid Biomedical Center , and go to Morriss Hall .
avoid Pembroke Park , and go to Champlin Hall .
avoid Supercuts , and go to Pembroke Park .
avoid Salon Persia , and go to Pleasant Surprises .
go to J. R. Workman Garden but always stay away from 111 Brown Street North House .
go to Andreas but always stay away from 219 Bowen .
go to Supercuts but always stay away from Champlin Hall .
go to Sharpe House but always stay away from Emery & Wooley .
go to Alumnae Hall but always stay away from Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to Andreas but always stay away from Pembroke Park .
go to J. R. Workman Garden but always stay away from Andreas .
go to 111 Brown Street North House but always stay away from Andreas .
go to Blue State Coffee but always stay away from Hillel House .
avoid Berk's;Shanghai and go to Spiritus Fermenti .
avoid Andrews Hall and go to Morriss Hall .
avoid 219 Bowen and go to 111 Brown Street North House .
avoid 111 Brown Street North House and go to Soban .
avoid CVS and go to Avon Cinema .
avoid Thayer and Cushing and go to 219 Bowen .
avoid J. R. Workman Garden and go to Brown University Bookstore .
avoid New Pembroke 2 and go to College Hill Bookstore .
avoid Brown University Bookstore and go to Andreas .
avoid New Pembroke 3 and go to Thayer and Cushing .
avoid Thayer and Meeting and go to Hillel House .
avoid Champlin Hall and go to Emery & Wooley .
avoid Avon Cinema and go to Andrews Terrace .
always avoid Champlin Hall while going to Meeting Street Cafe .
always avoid Soban while going to Andrews Hall .
always avoid New Pembroke 2 while going to 219 Bowen .
always avoid Smith Buonanno Hall while going to Peter Green House .
always avoid Morriss Hall while going to Hillel House .
always avoid Champlin Hall while going to Andrews Hall .
always avoid Salon Persia while going to Brown University Bookstore .
always avoid Morriss Hall while going to New Pembroke 4 .
always avoid Supercuts while going to Thayer and Meeting .
move to Smith Buonanno Hall but avoid New Pembroke 2 .
move to West House but avoid Thayer and Cushing .
move to Meeting Street Cafe but avoid Miller Hall .
move to Andreas but avoid Avon Cinema .
move to Pembroke Hall but avoid CVS .
move to Brown University Bookstore but avoid Sidney Frank Hall .
move to Soban but avoid Smith Buonanno Hall .
move to Morriss Hall but avoid College Hill Bookstore .
move to Pembroke Hall but avoid Berk's;Shanghai .
move to Andrews Terrace but avoid New Pembroke 3 .
move to Sharpe House but avoid Andrews Terrace .
move to Champlin Hall but avoid Supercuts .
move to 219 Bowen but avoid Berk's;Shanghai .
move to Brown University Bookstore but avoid Andrews Terrace .
move to Avon Cinema but avoid Peter Green House .
avoid Alumnae Hall and proceed to Supercuts
avoid New Pembroke 3 and proceed to Spiritus Fermenti
avoid West House and proceed to Supercuts
avoid Emery & Wooley and proceed to 164 Angel
avoid West House and proceed to Spiritus Fermenti
avoid Facing Thayer and proceed to Brown University Bookstore
avoid Second Time Around and proceed to 164 Angel
avoid Granoff Center and proceed to Hillel House
avoid Verney-Woolley Hall and proceed to Blue State Coffee
avoid Smith Buonanno Hall and proceed to Andreas
avoid Blue State Coffee and proceed to Berk's;Shanghai
avoid New Pembroke 1 and proceed to J. R. Workman Garden
avoid 164 Angel and proceed to Sidney Frank Hall
avoid Granoff Center and proceed to Sidney Frank Hall
avoid 219 Bowen and proceed to Meeting Street Cafe
go to Second Time Around but avoid Salon Persia .
go to West House but avoid West House .
go to Miller Hall but avoid Andrews Hall .
go to College Hill Bookstore but avoid New Pembroke 2 .
go to New Pembroke 1 but avoid Salon Persia .
go to West House but avoid Supercuts .
go to Thayer and Meeting but avoid Sidney Frank Hall .
go to Facing Thayer but avoid Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to Spiritus Fermenti but avoid Sidney Frank Hall .
go to Peter Green House but avoid Granoff Center .
go to Thayer and Cushing but avoid Avon Cinema .
go to Spiritus Fermenti but always avoid J. R. Workman Garden .
go to Metcalf Hall but always avoid New Pembroke 2 .
go to New Pembroke 4 but always avoid Blue State Coffee .
go to CVS but always avoid Supercuts .
go to Smith Buonanno Hall but always avoid 164 Angel .
go to Berk's;Shanghai but always avoid West House .
go to 111 Brown Street North House but always avoid Sidney Frank Hall .
go to Andrews Terrace but always avoid Miller Hall .
go to Berk's;Shanghai but always avoid Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to Emery Hall but always avoid Biomedical Center .
go to Avon Cinema but always avoid 219 Bowen .
avoid Berk's;Shanghai and go to Andrews Hall .
avoid New Pembroke 2 and go to New Pembroke 1 .
avoid 164 Angel and go to 219 Bowen .
avoid Pleasant Surprises and go to 219 Bowen .
avoid Sharpe House and go to Sidney Frank Hall .
avoid 219 Bowen and go to Morriss Hall .
avoid Supercuts and go to 164 Angel .
avoid Sidney Frank Hall and go to J. R. Workman Garden .
avoid Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building and go to New Pembroke 3 .
avoid Sharpe House and go to Soban .
avoid Pembroke Hall and go to Thayer and Meeting .
avoid Berk's;Shanghai and go to Supercuts .
navigate to Thayer and Meeting , always avoiding Salon Persia .
navigate to Spiritus Fermenti , always avoiding Avon Cinema .
navigate to Biomedical Center , always avoiding J. R. Workman Garden .
navigate to Facing Thayer , always avoiding Miller Hall .
navigate to Salon Persia , always avoiding Pembroke Park .
navigate to Smith Buonanno Hall , always avoiding Champlin Hall .
navigate to Second Time Around , always avoiding Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
navigate to 164 Angel , always avoiding Salon Persia .
navigate to Avon Cinema , always avoiding Emery Hall .
navigate to Second Time Around , always avoiding Avon Cinema .
navigate to Morriss Hall , always avoiding Pembroke Park .
navigate to College Hill Bookstore , always avoiding West House .
navigate to College Hill Bookstore , always avoiding Andrews Terrace .
navigate to Sidney Frank Hall , always avoiding Thayer and Cushing .
always avoid Miller Hall and go to CVS .
always avoid Andrews Hall and go to 219 Bowen .
always avoid Spiritus Fermenti and go to Andreas .
always avoid East Side Station Post Office and go to Supercuts .
always avoid Second Time Around and go to CVS .
always avoid Avon Cinema and go to Hillel House .
always avoid Smith Buonanno Hall and go to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
always avoid West House and go to Pembroke Hall .
always avoid Pembroke Park and go to Biomedical Center .
always avoid Granoff Center and go to 219 Bowen .
always avoid Pembroke Hall and go to Supercuts .
go to New Pembroke 1 without going to Emery Hall
go to Morriss Hall without going to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building
go to Granoff Center without going to Verney-Woolley Hall
go to Smith Buonanno Hall without going to East Side Station Post Office
go to West House without going to Avon Cinema
go to Verney-Woolley Hall without going to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building
go to New Pembroke 4 without going to Andrews Terrace
go to CVS without going to New Pembroke 3
go to Andrews Hall without going to College Hill Bookstore
go to Meeting Street Cafe without going to Smith Buonanno Hall
go to Soban without going to Emery & Wooley
go to Andrews Hall without going to Verney-Woolley Hall
avoid New Pembroke 2 while navigating to Pembroke Hall .
avoid 111 Brown Street North House while navigating to Pembroke Park .
avoid Andreas while navigating to Alumnae Hall .
avoid Andrews Terrace while navigating to West House .
avoid Meeting Street Cafe while navigating to Champlin Hall .
avoid Andreas while navigating to Spiritus Fermenti .
avoid 164 Angel while navigating to Andrews Hall .
avoid Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building while navigating to Granoff Center .
avoid West House while navigating to J. R. Workman Garden .
avoid New Pembroke 3 while navigating to Supercuts .
avoid 219 Bowen while navigating to Emery Hall .
move to East Side Station Post Office but avoid Pembroke Park .
move to 111 Brown Street North House but avoid CVS .
move to Champlin Hall but avoid Thayer and Cushing .
move to Sidney Frank Hall but avoid CVS .
move to Second Time Around but avoid Sidney Frank Hall .
move to Pleasant Surprises but avoid Emery Hall .
move to Smith Buonanno Hall but avoid J. R. Workman Garden .
move to Biomedical Center but avoid Alumnae Hall .
move to 219 Bowen but avoid Verney-Woolley Hall .
move to 164 Angel but avoid Salon Persia .
move to Salon Persia but avoid Champlin Hall .
move to Miller Hall but avoid Emery Hall .
move to Spiritus Fermenti but avoid Blue State Coffee .
move to Andrews Terrace but avoid Emery Hall .
always avoid Emery Hall and go to Pembroke Hall .
always avoid New Pembroke 1 and go to Facing Thayer .
always avoid Pleasant Surprises and go to Sidney Frank Hall .
always avoid East Side Station Post Office and go to New Pembroke 4 .
always avoid New Pembroke 2 and go to Sidney Frank Hall .
always avoid Thayer and Cushing and go to Facing Thayer .
always avoid Andrews Terrace and go to Metcalf Hall .
always avoid Andreas and go to 111 Brown Street North House .
always avoid Smith Buonanno Hall and go to New Pembroke 4 .
always avoid Brown University Bookstore and go to Peter Green House .
always avoid Granoff Center and go to West House .
always avoid West House and go to Soban .
always avoid Supercuts and go to Verney-Woolley Hall .
always avoid Sidney Frank Hall and go to Hillel House .
avoid New Pembroke 2 and go to Hillel House .
avoid 219 Bowen and go to Avon Cinema .
avoid Peter Green House and go to New Pembroke 4 .
avoid Spiritus Fermenti and go to Supercuts .
avoid Smith Buonanno Hall and go to New Pembroke 2 .
avoid New Pembroke 4 and go to Andreas .
avoid Alumnae Hall and go to New Pembroke 2 .
avoid Morriss Hall and go to Biomedical Center .
avoid New Pembroke 3 and go to Biomedical Center .
avoid Verney-Woolley Hall and go to Metcalf Hall .
go to the 111 Brown Street North House via Andrews Hall .
go to the Andrews Hall via East Side Station Post Office .
go to the 111 Brown Street North House via West House .
go to the Spiritus Fermenti via Morriss Hall .
go to the Spiritus Fermenti via 219 Bowen .
go to the Biomedical Center via 111 Brown Street North House .
go to the Biomedical Center via Pembroke Hall .
go to the Hillel House via Pembroke Hall .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall via New Pembroke 2 .
go to the Facing Thayer via West House .
go through Berk's;Shanghai to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go through Blue State Coffee to the Pleasant Surprises .
go through West House to the 111 Brown Street North House .
go through Hillel House to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go through Pembroke Park to the Granoff Center .
go through West House to the 164 Angel .
go through Avon Cinema to the Spiritus Fermenti .
go through Pembroke Hall to the Andreas .
go through Biomedical Center to the J. R. Workman Garden .
go through 164 Angel to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go through Spiritus Fermenti to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
go through Peter Green House to the Supercuts .
go through Pembroke Park to the Meeting Street Cafe .
go through Salon Persia to the Spiritus Fermenti .
go through Andreas to the West House .
go to the Pleasant Surprises through Salon Persia
go to the Salon Persia through Emery Hall
go to the Alumnae Hall through Sidney Frank Hall
go to the Meeting Street Cafe through Emery Hall
go to the Sidney Frank Hall through Supercuts
go to the Andreas through New Pembroke 1
go to the Meeting Street Cafe through Hillel House
go to the J. R. Workman Garden through Facing Thayer
go to the Avon Cinema through Pleasant Surprises
go to the Second Time Around through Emery Hall
go to the Champlin Hall through Pembroke Hall
go to the Pembroke Park through Andreas
go through Facing Thayer before going to the College Hill Bookstore .
go through Verney-Woolley Hall before going to the Facing Thayer .
go through 164 Angel before going to the Thayer and Meeting .
go through Granoff Center before going to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go through Facing Thayer before going to the Andrews Hall .
go through Emery & Wooley before going to the New Pembroke 4 .
go through 164 Angel before going to the New Pembroke 2 .
go through Sidney Frank Hall before going to the J. R. Workman Garden .
go through Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building before going to the CVS .
move to the West House but go through Miller Hall first .
move to the College Hill Bookstore but go through Emery & Wooley first .
move to the Granoff Center but go through Morriss Hall first .
move to the Supercuts but go through Pleasant Surprises first .
move to the Emery & Wooley but go through East Side Station Post Office first .
move to the J. R. Workman Garden but go through West House first .
move to the East Side Station Post Office but go through Peter Green House first .
move to the Miller Hall but go through J. R. Workman Garden first .
move to the Smith Buonanno Hall but go through Avon Cinema first .
move to the Hillel House but go through Supercuts first .
move to the Peter Green House but go through Biomedical Center first .
navigate through New Pembroke 3 to the Sidney Frank Hall .
navigate through Morriss Hall to the Thayer and Cushing .
navigate through Thayer and Meeting to the Miller Hall .
navigate through New Pembroke 3 to the New Pembroke 2 .
navigate through Blue State Coffee to the West House .
navigate through Morriss Hall to the Pleasant Surprises .
navigate through Soban to the Alumnae Hall .
navigate through Emery & Wooley to the Brown University Bookstore .
navigate through Champlin Hall to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
navigate through Supercuts to the Thayer and Meeting .
navigate through Avon Cinema to the West House .
navigate through New Pembroke 1 to the Sharpe House .
go to Verney-Woolley Hall and then go to the Salon Persia .
go to Andrews Hall and then go to the West House .
go to West House and then go to the Spiritus Fermenti .
go to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building and then go to the Thayer and Meeting .
go to West House and then go to the Andrews Hall .
go to 164 Angel and then go to the East Side Station Post Office .
go to Verney-Woolley Hall and then go to the Miller Hall .
go to Meeting Street Cafe and then go to the Soban .
go to Andrews Terrace and then go to the Berk's;Shanghai .
go to Andrews Terrace and then go to the New Pembroke 2 .
go to Berk's;Shanghai and then go to the Alumnae Hall .
go to Avon Cinema and then go to the Champlin Hall .
go to Meeting Street Cafe and then go to the Second Time Around .
go to New Pembroke 4 and then go to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building and then go to the 219 Bowen .
go to Meeting Street Cafe and then go to the Emery Hall .
go to Pembroke Park and then go to the New Pembroke 4 .
go to Emery Hall and then go to the Brown University Bookstore .
go to Thayer and Meeting and then go to the East Side Station Post Office .
go to Hillel House and then go to the Andrews Hall .
go to Soban and then go to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to Metcalf Hall and then go to the Thayer and Cushing .
go to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building and then go to the West House .
go to Pembroke Hall and then go to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the Smith Buonanno Hall through Avon Cinema .
go to the Second Time Around through Metcalf Hall .
go to the Second Time Around through East Side Station Post Office .
go to the Granoff Center through Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to the 219 Bowen through Berk's;Shanghai .
go to the CVS through New Pembroke 3 .
go to the CVS through Champlin Hall .
go to the New Pembroke 1 through Spiritus Fermenti .
go to the 219 Bowen through East Side Station Post Office .
go to the Avon Cinema through New Pembroke 1 .
move to the Facing Thayer , travelling through 164 Angel .
move to the Emery Hall , travelling through Sidney Frank Hall .
move to the Pembroke Park , travelling through College Hill Bookstore .
move to the CVS , travelling through Soban .
move to the Spiritus Fermenti , travelling through New Pembroke 4 .
move to the Smith Buonanno Hall , travelling through Alumnae Hall .
move to the Smith Buonanno Hall , travelling through Pembroke Hall .
move to the Sidney Frank Hall , travelling through Peter Green House .
move to the Champlin Hall , travelling through Blue State Coffee .
move to the Emery & Wooley , travelling through College Hill Bookstore .
move to the 219 Bowen , travelling through College Hill Bookstore .
move to the Salon Persia , travelling through New Pembroke 4 .
pass through Biomedical Center before going to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
pass through Andrews Terrace before going to the Thayer and Cushing .
pass through East Side Station Post Office before going to the Biomedical Center .
pass through West House before going to the Andrews Hall .
pass through New Pembroke 2 before going to the Spiritus Fermenti .
pass through Champlin Hall before going to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
pass through Morriss Hall before going to the Supercuts .
pass through Andrews Terrace before going to the Supercuts .
pass through Emery Hall before going to the 111 Brown Street North House .
pass through East Side Station Post Office before going to the Sidney Frank Hall .
pass through Spiritus Fermenti before going to the Soban .
pass through New Pembroke 1 before going to the West House .
pass through Granoff Center before going to the Champlin Hall .
pass through Salon Persia on your way to the Facing Thayer .
pass through Meeting Street Cafe on your way to the Thayer and Meeting .
pass through Berk's;Shanghai on your way to the Facing Thayer .
pass through Alumnae Hall on your way to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
pass through Sharpe House on your way to the West House .
pass through Soban on your way to the CVS .
pass through Sidney Frank Hall on your way to the Blue State Coffee .
pass through CVS on your way to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
pass through Pleasant Surprises on your way to the Thayer and Cushing .
pass through Emery & Wooley on your way to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
pass through New Pembroke 1 on your way to the Andrews Hall .
pass through Sidney Frank Hall on your way to the West House .
pass through Spiritus Fermenti on your way to the Supercuts .
go through Morriss Hall and then to the Emery Hall .
go through Avon Cinema and then to the Andreas .
go through East Side Station Post Office and then to the New Pembroke 4 .
go through Soban and then to the Blue State Coffee .
go through Brown University Bookstore and then to the Champlin Hall .
go through Verney-Woolley Hall and then to the Peter Green House .
go through Salon Persia and then to the CVS .
go through Avon Cinema and then to the Andreas .
go through College Hill Bookstore and then to the Emery & Wooley .
go through Biomedical Center and then to the Spiritus Fermenti .
go through Second Time Around and then to the Avon Cinema .
go through Smith Buonanno Hall and then to the New Pembroke 2 .
go through New Pembroke 1 and then to the Miller Hall .
go through Verney-Woolley Hall and then to the Biomedical Center .
go through 219 Bowen and then to the Andreas .
go through Avon Cinema to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go through West House to the J. R. Workman Garden .
go through Morriss Hall to the CVS .
go through College Hill Bookstore to the West House .
go through Hillel House to the Emery Hall .
go through Emery Hall to the Second Time Around .
go through Thayer and Meeting to the Pleasant Surprises .
go through Pembroke Hall to the New Pembroke 3 .
go through Andrews Hall to the Peter Green House .
go through Blue State Coffee to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
go through Meeting Street Cafe to the Granoff Center .
go through Meeting Street Cafe to the Champlin Hall .
go through Pembroke Hall to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go through Granoff Center to the Avon Cinema .
go through J. R. Workman Garden to the Sharpe House .
go through Soban to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go through Emery Hall to the Facing Thayer .
go through Biomedical Center to the Avon Cinema .
go through Pembroke Park to the Morriss Hall .
go through Verney-Woolley Hall to the College Hill Bookstore .
go through Granoff Center to the Champlin Hall .
go through Alumnae Hall to the Brown University Bookstore .
go through Peter Green House to the Biomedical Center .
go through Blue State Coffee to the Emery Hall .
always pass landmark 1 to get to level 1 .
go to the New Pembroke 2 by going through Thayer and Meeting .
go to the New Pembroke 1 by going through Andreas .
go to the Emery Hall by going through Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the Emery & Wooley by going through Avon Cinema .
go to the Facing Thayer by going through Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall by going through Facing Thayer .
go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building by going through Pleasant Surprises .
go to the 219 Bowen by going through Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the Miller Hall by going through Brown University Bookstore .
go to the Miller Hall by going through CVS .
go to the Meeting Street Cafe by going through West House .
go to the Biomedical Center by going through New Pembroke 1 .
go to the J. R. Workman Garden by going through Biomedical Center .
go to the New Pembroke 1 by going through Salon Persia .
go to the Miller Hall by going through Thayer and Cushing .
go to Miller Hall then go to the Thayer and Cushing .
go to Andrews Hall then go to the Emery Hall .
go to Facing Thayer then go to the Thayer and Meeting .
go to Andreas then go to the Andrews Terrace .
go to Salon Persia then go to the Facing Thayer .
go to Smith Buonanno Hall then go to the Emery & Wooley .
go to Pembroke Park then go to the Biomedical Center .
go to Facing Thayer then go to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to New Pembroke 4 then go to the Hillel House .
go to Blue State Coffee then go to the East Side Station Post Office .
go to Second Time Around then go to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to Sharpe House then go to the Pembroke Park .
go to Second Time Around then go to the East Side Station Post Office .
go to Soban then go to the Hillel House .
go to Thayer and Cushing then go to the Soban .
go to the College Hill Bookstore through New Pembroke 1 .
go to the Supercuts through Morriss Hall .
go to the Brown University Bookstore through West House .
go to the 164 Angel through Andreas .
go to the Brown University Bookstore through Salon Persia .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall through Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to the Hillel House through New Pembroke 4 .
go to the Supercuts through Andreas .
go to the West House through Andreas .
go to the Champlin Hall through Andreas
go to the Meeting Street Cafe through Brown University Bookstore
go to the Andrews Terrace through 111 Brown Street North House
go to the New Pembroke 4 through Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building
go to the Berk's;Shanghai through Pembroke Park
go to the Andreas through Andrews Terrace
go to the New Pembroke 2 through Supercuts
go to the Sidney Frank Hall through Spiritus Fermenti
go to the Andreas through Peter Green House
go to the New Pembroke 1 through Andrews Terrace
go to the 111 Brown Street North House through Soban
go to the J. R. Workman Garden through Morriss Hall
go to the 164 Angel through Berk's;Shanghai
go to the 111 Brown Street North House through Thayer and Meeting
go to the Sidney Frank Hall through Second Time Around
go through Salon Persia to the Andrews Hall .
go through Emery Hall to the Metcalf Hall .
go through Second Time Around to the Pembroke Park .
go through Facing Thayer to the Hillel House .
go through East Side Station Post Office to the J. R. Workman Garden .
go through East Side Station Post Office to the Hillel House .
go through Soban to the Peter Green House .
go through Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building to the Salon Persia .
go through Andreas to the New Pembroke 1 .
go through Emery Hall to the Pleasant Surprises .
go through Blue State Coffee to the Facing Thayer .
go to CVS , then head to the Spiritus Fermenti .
go to Sidney Frank Hall , then head to the East Side Station Post Office .
go to Metcalf Hall , then head to the College Hill Bookstore .
go to Pembroke Hall , then head to the 111 Brown Street North House .
go to Berk's;Shanghai , then head to the Andrews Terrace .
go to Andreas , then head to the Sharpe House .
go to Peter Green House , then head to the West House .
go to Thayer and Meeting , then head to the 164 Angel .
go to 219 Bowen , then head to the Soban .
go to West House , then head to the Emery & Wooley .
go to Peter Green House , then head to the Pleasant Surprises .
go to Avon Cinema , then head to the Berk's;Shanghai .
go to Hillel House before going to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to New Pembroke 4 before going to the Miller Hall .
go to West House before going to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to Pembroke Hall before going to the Morriss Hall .
go to Supercuts before going to the Granoff Center .
go to Pleasant Surprises before going to the Salon Persia .
go to Miller Hall before going to the Second Time Around .
go to Meeting Street Cafe before going to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to Thayer and Meeting before going to the Second Time Around .
go to West House before going to the Emery Hall .
go to Sidney Frank Hall before going to the Hillel House .
go to Facing Thayer before going to the Blue State Coffee .
go to West House before going to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to 164 Angel before going to the Biomedical Center .
go to Meeting Street Cafe before going to the Supercuts .
go through West House on your way to the Spiritus Fermenti .
go through Emery Hall on your way to the Meeting Street Cafe .
go through Thayer and Cushing on your way to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
go through Emery & Wooley on your way to the New Pembroke 2 .
go through Pleasant Surprises on your way to the Supercuts .
go through Andreas on your way to the 219 Bowen .
go through Spiritus Fermenti on your way to the Andrews Hall .
go through Granoff Center on your way to the Brown University Bookstore .
go through Pleasant Surprises on your way to the Andreas .
go through Champlin Hall on your way to the Sharpe House .
go through New Pembroke 3 before going to the Facing Thayer .
go through Berk's;Shanghai before going to the Granoff Center .
go through Andreas before going to the Pembroke Park .
go through East Side Station Post Office before going to the Soban .
go through CVS before going to the New Pembroke 3 .
go through Andreas before going to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
go through Supercuts before going to the Second Time Around .
go through New Pembroke 4 before going to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go through Andreas before going to the Granoff Center .
go to the Pleasant Surprises through 111 Brown Street North House
go to the 164 Angel through New Pembroke 3
go to the Emery & Wooley through Emery Hall
go to the Thayer and Meeting through CVS
go to the East Side Station Post Office through Andrews Terrace
go to the Peter Green House through Avon Cinema
go to the Peter Green House through Smith Buonanno Hall
go to the Berk's;Shanghai through Spiritus Fermenti
go to the Berk's;Shanghai through New Pembroke 2
go to the Supercuts through Brown University Bookstore
go to the Pleasant Surprises through J. R. Workman Garden
go to the East Side Station Post Office through Supercuts
go to the West House through Pembroke Hall
go to the Second Time Around through Salon Persia
go to Spiritus Fermenti before navigating to the Biomedical Center .
go to Brown University Bookstore before navigating to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to Granoff Center before navigating to the Soban .
go to Pembroke Hall before navigating to the Pleasant Surprises .
go to New Pembroke 2 before navigating to the Thayer and Meeting .
go to Soban before navigating to the Andrews Terrace .
go to New Pembroke 3 before navigating to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to West House before navigating to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to Emery Hall before navigating to the College Hill Bookstore .
go to Champlin Hall before navigating to the Salon Persia .
go to 111 Brown Street North House before navigating to the Alumnae Hall .
go to West House before navigating to the Supercuts .
go to Hillel House before navigating to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to Granoff Center before navigating to the Pembroke Hall .
