navigate to the Lippit House before you go to Minden Hall .
navigate to the Prince Engineering Lab before you go to Norwood House .
navigate to the List Art Building before you go to BERT .
navigate to the Brown University before you go to Carrie Tower .
navigate to the Starbucks before you go to Metcalf Research Building .
navigate to the Shirley Miller House before you go to Soldiers Memorial Gate .
navigate to the Lippit House before you go to Sharpe Refectory .
navigate to the War Memorial before you go to Shirley Miller House .
navigate to the Norwood House before you go to Wayland .
navigate to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology before you go to Littlefield Hall .
navigate to the Citizen's Bank before you go to Gardner House .
navigate to the Walter Hall before you go to Sayles Hall .
navigate to the University Hall before you go to Starbucks .
navigate to the Faunce House before you go to Hughes Court .
navigate to the Littlefield Hall before you go to Van Wickle Gates .
navigate to the Circle Dance Sculpture before you go to John Nicholas Brown Gate .
navigate to the Finlandia before you go to Wilbour Hall .
navigate to the John Hay Library before you go to Lippit House .
navigate to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop before you go to 86 Waterman  .
navigate to the Caswell Hall before you go to Lot 17 .
navigate to the John Hay Library before you go to 86 Waterman  .
navigate to the Brown University Sciences Library before you go to 86 Waterman  .
navigate to the BERT before you go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
navigate to the Citizen's Bank before you go to Hegeman .
navigate to the Class of 1872 Gate before you go to Citizen's Bank .
navigate to the Horace Mann House before you go to John Nicholas Brown Gate .
navigate to the Soldiers Memorial Gate before you go to Rockefeller Library .
navigate to the Citizen's Bank before you go to Urban Environmental Lab .
navigate to the BERT before you go to John Hay Library .
navigate to the Prince Engineering Lab before you go to Barus Building .
navigate to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity before you go to Hope College .
navigate to the Class of 1872 Gate before you go to List Art Building .
navigate to the Marston Hall before you go to Maddock Alumni  .
navigate to the Citizen's Bank before you go to Carrie Tower .
navigate to the Simmons Quadrangle before you go to John Carter Brown Library .
navigate to the Van Wickle Gates before you go to Class of 1872 Gate .
navigate to the The Ivy Room before you go to Wayland .
navigate to the Lincoln Field Building before you go to John Nicholas Brown Gate .
navigate to the Starbucks before you go to Saint Stephens Church .
navigate to the Saint Stephens Church before you go to Robinson Hall .
navigate to the Norwood House before you go to Blue Room .
navigate to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ before you go to Lot 17 .
navigate to the Maxcy Green before you go to Norwood House .
navigate to the Kassar House before you go to Idee di pietra .
navigate to the Wriston Quad before you go to Lot 18 .
navigate to the Kassar House before you go to Robinson Gate .
navigate to the P-131317 before you go to The Ivy Room .
navigate to the Brown University Sciences Library before you go to Littlefield Hall .
navigate to the Brown Bear before you go to Mencoff Hall .
navigate to the Barus Building before you go to Wilbour Hall .
navigate to the Untitled Lamp/Bear before you go to Hughes Court .
navigate to the Lot 17 before you go to 86 Waterman  .
navigate to the Shirley Miller House before you go to Urban Environmental Lab .
navigate to the Sharpe Refectory before you go to Manning .
navigate to the Untitled Lamp/Bear before you go to Swearer Center for Public Service .
navigate to the BERT before you go to Barus Building .
head to Starbucks after going to the John Hay Library .
head to Lot 76 after going to the Friedman Hall .
head to Brown University after going to the Maddock Alumni  .
head to Finlandia after going to the Blue Room .
head to Caswell Hall after going to the Slavery Memorial .
head to Robinson Hall after going to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
head to Lyman Hall after going to the Lot 76 .
head to Salomon Center for Teaching after going to the Caswell Hall .
head to Horace Mann House after going to the List Art Building .
head to Sayles Hall after going to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
head to Watson Center for Information Technology after going to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
head to Mencoff Hall after going to the Class of 1872 Gate .
head to J.W. Wilson after going to the Robinson Hall .
head to 67 George after going to the Prospect House .
head to J.W. Wilson after going to the Manning .
head to Norwood House after going to the Class of 1872 Gate .
head to Minden Hall after going to the Robinson Gate .
head to Van Wickle Gates after going to the Wriston Quad .
head to Campus Market after going to the List Art Building .
head to Prince Engineering Lab after going to the Arnold Laboratory .
head to Sears after going to the University Hall .
head to Marcus Aurelius after going to the Sears .
head to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop after going to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
head to Brown University after going to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
head to Idee di pietra after going to the Slater Hall .
head to Sayles Hall after going to the Simmons Quadrangle .
head to Wayland after going to the Lot 76 .
head to Lot 17 after going to the Robinson Hall .
head to John Carter Brown Library after going to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
head to Blue Room after going to the Sayles Hall .
head to Salomon Center for Teaching after going to the Brown Bear .
head to Robinson Gate after going to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
head to Rhode Island Hall after going to the Robinson Hall .
head to Manning after going to the 86 Waterman  .
head to Hope College after going to the Lot 76 .
head to Finlandia after going to the Gardner House .
head to Carrie Tower after going to the List Art Building .
head to William Goddard Memorial Gate after going to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
head to Robinson Hall after going to the Class of 1872 Gate .
head to Sayles Hall after going to the Prospect House .
head to Idee di pietra after going to the Metcalf Research Building .
head to John Hay Library after going to the The Ivy Room .
head to War Memorial after going to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
head to Prince Engineering Lab after going to the Brown Bear .
head to Lot 17 after going to the Citizen's Bank .
head to Faunce House after going to the J.W. Wilson .
head to Norwood House after going to the Class of 1872 Gate .
head to P-131317 after going to the Rhode Island Hall .
head to Watson Center for Information Technology after going to the Brown Bear .
head to BERT after going to the Walter Hall .
head to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences after going to the Brown Bear .
head to Untitled Lamp/Bear after going to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
head to Citizen's Bank after going to the Saint Stephens Church .
navigate to Robinson Gate through the Hughes Court .
navigate to Robinson Hall through the John Carter Brown Library .
navigate to Urban Environmental Lab through the Manning .
navigate to Hope College through the Manning .
navigate to Medical Research Lab through the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
navigate to Rockefeller Library through the Shirley Miller House .
navigate to Barus Building through the Brown Bear .
navigate to Hope College through the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
navigate to Horace Mann House through the Caswell Hall .
navigate to Marston Hall through the Minden Hall .
navigate to Quiet Green through the Class of 1887 Gate .
navigate to Mencoff Hall through the 86 Waterman  .
navigate to Slavery Memorial through the Lot 76 .
navigate to War Memorial through the Quiet Green .
navigate to Prince Engineering Lab through the Lincoln Field Building .
navigate to Urban Environmental Lab through the Watson Center for Information Technology .
navigate to Campus Market through the Carrie Tower .
navigate to Quiet Green through the Citizen's Bank .
navigate to Robinson Gate through the The Ivy Room .
navigate to Manning through the Lot 76 .
navigate to Casey Shearer Memorial through the Campus Market .
navigate to Horace Mann House through the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
navigate to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop through the Manning .
navigate to Horace Mann House through the Salomon Center for Teaching .
navigate to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop through the Shirley Miller House .
navigate to Brown Bear through the Norwood House .
navigate to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority through the Brown University .
navigate to Brown Bear through the Citizen's Bank .
navigate to Finlandia through the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
navigate to Barus Building through the University Hall .
navigate to BERT through the Maddock Alumni  .
navigate to Circle Dance Sculpture through the Saint Stephens Church .
navigate to Minden Hall through the Blue Room .
navigate to John Nicholas Brown Gate through the Prospect House .
navigate to Prince Engineering Lab through the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
navigate to Gardner House through the Arnold Laboratory .
navigate to Starbucks through the Medical Research Lab .
navigate to Slater Hall through the Wilbour Hall .
navigate to J.W. Wilson through the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
navigate to P-131317 through the Hope College .
navigate to Slater Hall through the Van Wickle Gates .
navigate to Robinson Hall through the Starbucks .
navigate to Sayles Hall through the Wayland .
navigate to Marcus Aurelius through the 67 George .
navigate to Shirley Miller House through the Robinson Hall .
navigate to Slavery Memorial through the Slater Hall .
navigate to Horace Mann House through the Lippit House .
navigate to Shirley Miller House through the College Green .
navigate to Robinson Hall through the Brown Bear .
navigate to Rockefeller Library through the Class of 1872 Gate .
navigate to Swearer Center for Public Service through the Robinson Hall .
navigate to Swearer Center for Public Service through the P-131317 .
navigate to Lot 17 through the Sears .
navigate to Sayles Hall through the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
navigate to Casey Shearer Memorial through the Saint Stephens Church .
navigate to 86 Waterman  through the Brown Bear .
navigate to Slater Hall through the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
always go through the BERT and then to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
always go through the Wayland and then to Urban Environmental Lab .
always go through the Mencoff Hall and then to Horace Mann House .
always go through the Marcus Aurelius and then to Kassar House .
always go through the John Hay Library and then to Wriston Quad .
always go through the Mencoff Hall and then to Van Wickle Gates .
always go through the Class of 1887 Gate and then to War Memorial .
always go through the Hughes Court and then to Robinson Hall .
always go through the Horace Mann House and then to Finlandia .
always go through the Lincoln Field Building and then to P-131317 .
always go through the 67 George and then to Watson Center for Information Technology .
always go through the Prince Engineering Lab and then to Walter Hall .
always go through the Slater Hall and then to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
always go through the Lippit House and then to Rhode Island Hall .
always go through the Untitled Lamp/Bear and then to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
always go through the Kassar House and then to Prince Engineering Lab .
always go through the List Art Building and then to Finlandia .
always go through the Slavery Memorial and then to Untitled Lamp/Bear .
always go through the Blue Room and then to Wayland .
always go through the Blue Room and then to Swearer Center for Public Service .
always go through the Lot 76 and then to Quiet Green .
always go through the Minden Hall and then to Brown University .
always go through the Brown University and then to Watson Center for Information Technology .
always go through the Watson Center for Information Technology and then to Sears .
always go through the Wilbour Hall and then to Sayles Hall .
always go through the BERT and then to Carrie Tower .
always go through the War Memorial and then to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
always go through the Barus Building and then to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
always go through the 86 Waterman  and then to Casey Shearer Memorial .
always go through the Norwood House and then to John Hay Library .
always go through the Robinson Hall and then to 67 George .
always go through the Hegeman and then to Sharpe Refectory .
always go through the Walter Hall and then to Rockefeller Library .
always go through the Brown Center for Students of Color and then to Untitled Lamp/Bear .
always go through the Faunce House and then to 86 Waterman  .
always go through the Barus Building and then to 86 Waterman  .
always go through the War Memorial and then to J.W. Wilson .
always go through the Lincoln Field Building and then to Minden Hall .
always go through the Metcalf Research Building and then to Horace Mann House .
always go through the Lincoln Field Building and then to P-131317 .
always go through the BERT and then to 67 George .
always go through the Robinson Hall and then to Hughes Court .
always go through the Rhode Island Hall and then to Brown University Sciences Library .
always go through the John Hay Library and then to Class of 1872 Gate .
always go through the Rhode Island Hall and then to Slater Hall .
always go through the Salomon Center for Teaching and then to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
always go through the Sayles Hall and then to Circle Dance Sculpture .
always go through the Class of 1872 Gate and then to BERT .
always go through the Slater Hall and then to Lot 17 .
always go through the Lot 18 and then to Hegeman .
always go through the Prince Engineering Lab and then to Mencoff Hall .
always go through the Brown Bear and then to Prospect House .
go through the Casey Shearer Memorial to 86 Waterman  .
go through the Urban Environmental Lab to Rhode Island Hall .
go through the Robinson Hall to Kassar House .
go through the Robinson Gate to William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go through the Saint Stephens Church to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go through the William Goddard Memorial Gate to Horace Mann House .
go through the Caswell Hall to Maddock Alumni  .
go through the Kassar House to Maxcy Hall .
go through the Hegeman to Wriston Quad .
go through the Saint Stephens Church to Robinson Gate .
go through the Horace Mann House to Brown Center for Students of Color .
go through the Brown Bear to Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go through the Van Wickle Gates to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go through the Prince Engineering Lab to Metcalf Research Building .
go through the Hegeman to Van Wickle Gates .
go through the Medical Research Lab to Lippit House .
go through the Blue Room to Van Wickle Gates .
go through the Class of 1887 Gate to Quiet Green .
go through the Medical Research Lab to Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go through the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences to John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go through the Urban Environmental Lab to William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go through the J.W. Wilson to John Carter Brown Library .
go through the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity to Brown Center for Students of Color .
go through the Medical Research Lab to Brown Bear .
go through the Saint Stephens Church to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go through the Lot 17 to Gardner House .
go through the Wilbour Hall to Hegeman .
go through the Slater Hall to Saint Stephens Church .
go through the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop to John Carter Brown Library .
go through the Prince Engineering Lab to Manning .
go through the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority to Class of 1887 Gate .
go through the Saint Stephens Church to Medical Research Lab .
go through the John Hay Library to The Ivy Room .
go through the Kassar House to Quiet Green .
go through the John Carter Brown Library to Hope College .
go through the Rhode Island Hall to Circle Dance Sculpture .
go through the Carrie Tower to Lot 17 .
go through the Maxcy Green to College Green .
go through the Van Wickle Gates to Lyman Hall .
go through the P-131317 to Manning .
go through the Lot 17 to Manning .
go through the Rockefeller Library to Swearer Center for Public Service .
go through the Lincoln Field Building to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go through the Horace Mann House to Maxcy Hall .
go through the Citizen's Bank to Horace Mann House .
go through the Caswell Hall to Minden Hall .
go through the Sears to Maxcy Green .
go through the Arnold Laboratory to William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go through the Wayland to Class of 1887 Gate .
go through the Minden Hall to Marcus Aurelius .
go through the Circle Dance Sculpture to Metcalf Research Building .
go through the Van Wickle Gates to Lot 76 .
go through the BERT to Idee di pietra .
go through the Friedman Hall to Lippit House .
go through the Lippit House to Lincoln Field Building .
go through the Rhode Island Hall to 86 Waterman  .
go through the 86 Waterman  to Maxcy Hall .
go through the Soldiers Memorial Gate to Littlefield Hall .
go to the Class of 1872 Gate , then go to Slavery Memorial .
go to the Slater Hall , then go to War Memorial .
go to the 86 Waterman  , then go to Brown Bear .
go to the Brown University Sciences Library , then go to Littlefield Hall .
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology , then go to Starbucks .
go to the Brown University , then go to 67 George .
go to the Sharpe Refectory , then go to Kassar House .
go to the Littlefield Hall , then go to Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to the Lyman Hall , then go to Gardner House .
go to the Shirley Miller House , then go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to the College Green , then go to Slavery Memorial .
go to the Wriston Quad , then go to Wayland .
go to the Saint Stephens Church , then go to Quiet Green .
go to the Casey Shearer Memorial , then go to Prince Engineering Lab .
go to the John Carter Brown Library , then go to Urban Environmental Lab .
go to the Horace Mann House , then go to College Green .
go to the Prince Engineering Lab , then go to The Ivy Room .
go to the List Art Building , then go to Lippit House .
go to the Metcalf Research Building , then go to 67 George .
go to the 67 George , then go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to the Quiet Green , then go to William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to the Hughes Court , then go to College Green .
go to the Mencoff Hall , then go to Brown Bear .
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority , then go to Brown Bear .
go to the 86 Waterman  , then go to Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Kassar House , then go to Lot 18 .
go to the Wilbour Hall , then go to Gardner House .
go to the Horace Mann House , then go to College Green .
go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear , then go to Hegeman .
go to the Robinson Gate , then go to Lincoln Field Building .
go to the Norwood House , then go to John Carter Brown Library .
go to the Hope College , then go to Maddock Alumni  .
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority , then go to Wilbour Hall .
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ , then go to John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to the Gardner House , then go to Prince Engineering Lab .
go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate , then go to Urban Environmental Lab .
go to the Walter Hall , then go to Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color , then go to Blue Room .
go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate , then go to The Ivy Room .
go to the Friedman Hall , then go to University Hall .
go to the Lot 17 , then go to William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology , then go to College Green .
go to the Friedman Hall , then go to University Hall .
go to the BERT , then go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to the Hope College , then go to Maddock Alumni  .
go to the Maxcy Green , then go to Carrie Tower .
go to the Metcalf Research Building , then go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority , then go to John Carter Brown Library .
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology , then go to Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to the Van Wickle Gates , then go to Saint Stephens Church .
go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences , then go to John Carter Brown Library .
go to the Faunce House , then go to Lot 76 .
go to the Lot 76 , then go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to the Van Wickle Gates , then go to Medical Research Lab .
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate , then go to Quiet Green .
go to the Lot 17 , then go to Class of 1872 Gate .
go to the Marcus Aurelius , then go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to the Hope College , then go to Maddock Alumni  .
go to the War Memorial , then go to Saint Stephens Church .
go to the Finlandia , then go to Hope College .
navigate to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate through the War Memorial .
navigate to Rhode Island Hall through the Metcalf Research Building .
navigate to Maxcy Green through the Caswell Hall .
navigate to Van Wickle Gates through the Brown University .
navigate to Wriston Quad through the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
navigate to Van Wickle Gates through the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
navigate to Wriston Quad through the Watson Center for Information Technology .
navigate to Hughes Court through the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
navigate to Soldiers Memorial Gate through the Saint Stephens Church .
navigate to Rockefeller Library through the Sears .
navigate to Blue Room through the Circle Dance Sculpture .
navigate to The Ivy Room through the P-131317 .
navigate to Manning through the Horace Mann House .
navigate to Rhode Island Hall through the Lincoln Field Building .
navigate to Robinson Hall through the Idee di pietra .
navigate to List Art Building through the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
navigate to Marston Hall through the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
navigate to Friedman Hall through the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
navigate to Lippit House through the Campus Market .
navigate to Class of 1872 Gate through the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
navigate to Casey Shearer Memorial through the Caswell Hall .
navigate to Shirley Miller House through the Lot 17 .
navigate to Wilbour Hall through the War Memorial .
navigate to The Ivy Room through the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
navigate to Campus Market through the Horace Mann House .
navigate to Medical Research Lab through the Gardner House .
navigate to Sears through the Saint Stephens Church .
navigate to 86 Waterman  through the J.W. Wilson .
navigate to Class of 1872 Gate through the John Carter Brown Library .
navigate to Wilbour Hall through the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
navigate to Casey Shearer Memorial through the Citizen's Bank .
navigate to Faunce House through the 67 George .
navigate to Finlandia through the Sayles Hall .
navigate to Idee di pietra through the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
navigate to Lot 18 through the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
navigate to Barus Building through the Maxcy Green .
navigate to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall through the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
navigate to John Hay Library through the Brown Bear .
navigate to Robinson Hall through the Class of 1887 Gate .
navigate to Class of 1887 Gate through the Casey Shearer Memorial .
navigate to Class of 1872 Gate through the Prince Engineering Lab .
navigate to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences through the P-131317 .
navigate to Starbucks through the J.W. Wilson .
navigate to Maddock Alumni  through the Minden Hall .
navigate to Watson Center for Information Technology through the John Hay Library .
navigate to Maxcy Green through the John Hay Library .
navigate to Caswell Hall through the List Art Building .
navigate to Carrie Tower through the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
navigate to Urban Environmental Lab through the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
navigate to Maddock Alumni  through the Lyman Hall .
navigate to Starbucks through the Finlandia .
navigate to Class of 1872 Gate through the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
navigate to Brown Center for Students of Color through the Campus Market .
navigate to Norwood House through the Robinson Gate .
navigate to Starbucks through the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
navigate to Class of 1887 Gate through the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
navigate to Shirley Miller House through the John Carter Brown Library .
navigate to Prospect House through the Class of 1887 Gate .
navigate to Circle Dance Sculpture through the Slater Hall .
navigate to Kassar House through the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall through the Hope College
go to Sayles Hall through the John Hay Library
go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop through the Lot 17
go to Lot 17 through the Wayland
go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences through the Class of 1872 Gate
go to Hegeman through the Sears
go to Casey Shearer Memorial through the John Hay Library
go to Brown University Sciences Library through the Slater Hall
go to Arnold Laboratory through the Slavery Memorial
go to Brown Bear through the Lot 76
go to John Carter Brown Library through the The Ivy Room
go to Gardner House through the Metcalf Research Building
go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity through the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ
go to Wilbour Hall through the Maddock Alumni 
go to Sharpe Refectory through the Class of 1872 Gate
go to Watson Center for Information Technology through the Robinson Gate
go to Barus Building through the Maddock Alumni 
go to Quiet Green through the Hughes Court
go to Urban Environmental Lab through the John Hay Library
go to Quiet Green through the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology
go to Watson Center for Information Technology through the Hughes Court
go to Lippit House through the Robinson Gate
go to Maddock Alumni  through the P-131317
go to Van Wickle Gates through the Lot 76
go to Friedman Hall through the Minden Hall
go to Circle Dance Sculpture through the William Goddard Memorial Gate
go to Lot 76 through the Saint Stephens Church
go to List Art Building through the Hegeman
go to Soldiers Memorial Gate through the List Art Building
go to Salomon Center for Teaching through the War Memorial
go to Caswell Hall through the Wilbour Hall
go to Robinson Hall through the Metcalf Research Building
go to Littlefield Hall through the Blue Room
go to College Green through the Norwood House
go to Blue Room through the Sears
go to Barus Building through the Sears
go to 67 George through the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences
go to Lincoln Field Building through the Circle Dance Sculpture
go to The Ivy Room through the Maddock Alumni 
go to Saint Stephens Church through the Marston Hall
go to Wayland through the Marcus Aurelius
go to Walter Hall through the Friedman Hall
go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority through the Faunce House
go to Littlefield Hall through the Metcalf Research Building
go to Marcus Aurelius through the Wriston Quad
go to Wriston Quad through the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology
go to Marston Hall through the BERT
go to 86 Waterman  through the Arnold Laboratory
go to Watson Center for Information Technology through the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop
go to William Goddard Memorial Gate through the Simmons Quadrangle
go to Soldiers Memorial Gate through the The Ivy Room .
go to Norwood House through the Manning .
go to Mencoff Hall through the Brown University Sciences Library .
go to The Ivy Room through the Faunce House .
go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall through the Sayles Hall .
go to Class of 1872 Gate through the Walter Hall .
go to Salomon Center for Teaching through the Lot 18 .
go to Sayles Hall through the Prince Engineering Lab .
go to John Carter Brown Library through the Robinson Hall .
go to Van Wickle Gates through the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to John Nicholas Brown Gate through the Minden Hall .
go to Swearer Center for Public Service through the College Green .
go to 86 Waterman  through the Lincoln Field Building .
go to John Hay Library through the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall through the Caswell Hall .
go to Simmons Quadrangle through the Maxcy Green .
go to Brown Bear through the The Ivy Room .
go to Wilbour Hall through the 67 George .
go to Lot 17 through the 86 Waterman  .
go to Prince Engineering Lab through the Simmons Quadrangle .
go to Marston Hall through the Rhode Island Hall .
go to Robinson Hall through the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to Circle Dance Sculpture through the Lot 18 .
go to Simmons Quadrangle through the Manning .
go to Friedman Hall through the Arnold Laboratory .
go to Idee di pietra through the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to William Goddard Memorial Gate through the Carrie Tower .
go to P-131317 through the List Art Building .
go to Wriston Quad through the Norwood House .
go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ through the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to Barus Building through the Brown Bear .
go to Soldiers Memorial Gate through the Urban Environmental Lab .
go to Lot 76 through the Manning .
go to Lippit House through the Marston Hall .
go to Marcus Aurelius through the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to Van Wickle Gates through the Maxcy Hall .
go to Wayland through the 86 Waterman  .
go to Circle Dance Sculpture through the Wriston Quad .
go to Robinson Hall through the Hegeman .
go to Lippit House through the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to Maxcy Hall through the Hegeman .
go to Horace Mann House through the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to BERT through the Lippit House .
go to 86 Waterman  through the Maxcy Green .
go to Friedman Hall through the Lyman Hall .
go to Faunce House through the Citizen's Bank .
go to Quiet Green through the Hegeman .
go to Caswell Hall through the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to Class of 1887 Gate through the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to Lot 76 through the Slater Hall .
go to John Hay Library through the Lyman Hall .
go to Starbucks through the John Carter Brown Library .
go to Blue Room through the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to Slater Hall through the Finlandia .
go to Brown Bear through the Lincoln Field Building .
go to Rockefeller Library through the Rhode Island Hall .
go to Lincoln Field Building through the Slavery Memorial .
navigate to the Maxcy Hall then continue to Van Wickle Gates .
navigate to the Finlandia then continue to Prince Engineering Lab .
navigate to the Friedman Hall then continue to Quiet Green .
navigate to the Saint Stephens Church then continue to Sears .
navigate to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology then continue to Mencoff Hall .
navigate to the Class of 1887 Gate then continue to University Hall .
navigate to the Untitled Lamp/Bear then continue to Faunce House .
navigate to the List Art Building then continue to Prospect House .
navigate to the Rockefeller Library then continue to Lincoln Field Building .
navigate to the Littlefield Hall then continue to Sayles Hall .
navigate to the Rockefeller Library then continue to Urban Environmental Lab .
navigate to the Untitled Lamp/Bear then continue to Watson Center for Information Technology .
navigate to the Marston Hall then continue to P-131317 .
navigate to the Gardner House then continue to Faunce House .
navigate to the Simmons Quadrangle then continue to Brown University .
navigate to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology then continue to Barus Building .
navigate to the Brown Bear then continue to Horace Mann House .
navigate to the Swearer Center for Public Service then continue to Carrie Tower .
navigate to the The Ivy Room then continue to Hope College .
navigate to the Barus Building then continue to Slavery Memorial .
navigate to the Faunce House then continue to Lot 18 .
navigate to the Salomon Center for Teaching then continue to Urban Environmental Lab .
navigate to the Kassar House then continue to Brown Bear .
navigate to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity then continue to Circle Dance Sculpture .
navigate to the Saint Stephens Church then continue to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
navigate to the Brown Bear then continue to Minden Hall .
navigate to the Lot 17 then continue to Lyman Hall .
navigate to the Idee di pietra then continue to Wriston Quad .
navigate to the Marston Hall then continue to The Ivy Room .
navigate to the Lot 17 then continue to Campus Market .
navigate to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences then continue to Van Wickle Gates .
navigate to the Idee di pietra then continue to Rockefeller Library .
navigate to the Walter Hall then continue to Class of 1887 Gate .
navigate to the Saint Stephens Church then continue to Lot 76 .
navigate to the Hegeman then continue to Rockefeller Library .
navigate to the Lot 17 then continue to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
navigate to the Saint Stephens Church then continue to Finlandia .
navigate to the Class of 1872 Gate then continue to Maxcy Hall .
navigate to the Prospect House then continue to Slavery Memorial .
navigate to the Finlandia then continue to Marcus Aurelius .
navigate to the Maxcy Green then continue to Class of 1872 Gate .
navigate to the Campus Market then continue to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
navigate to the Class of 1872 Gate then continue to Van Wickle Gates .
navigate to the John Nicholas Brown Gate then continue to Kassar House .
navigate to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity then continue to Arnold Laboratory .
navigate to the William Goddard Memorial Gate then continue to Maddock Alumni  .
navigate to the Faunce House then continue to Swearer Center for Public Service .
navigate to the Rhode Island Hall then continue to Horace Mann House .
navigate to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology then continue to Marston Hall .
navigate to the Prospect House then continue to Rockefeller Library .
navigate to the Class of 1887 Gate then continue to Minden Hall .
navigate to the Saint Stephens Church then continue to Medical Research Lab .
navigate to the Brown Bear then continue to Maxcy Green .
navigate to the Campus Market then continue to Class of 1887 Gate .
navigate to the Robinson Gate then continue to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
navigate to the Hughes Court then continue to Watson Center for Information Technology .
navigate to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop then continue to Littlefield Hall .
go through the Blue Room to Van Wickle Gates .
go through the BERT to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go through the Medical Research Lab to Robinson Hall .
go through the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate to Lincoln Field Building .
go through the Lot 18 to Casey Shearer Memorial .
go through the Kassar House to Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go through the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology to Simmons Quadrangle .
go through the Untitled Lamp/Bear to John Carter Brown Library .
go through the Carrie Tower to Van Wickle Gates .
go through the Caswell Hall to Lyman Hall .
go through the Wriston Quad to Saint Stephens Church .
go through the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology to Minden Hall .
go through the Finlandia to Watson Center for Information Technology .
go through the Wayland to Medical Research Lab .
go through the Lyman Hall to Lincoln Field Building .
go through the Maxcy Green to Slavery Memorial .
go through the Brown Bear to Van Wickle Gates .
go through the Faunce House to Robinson Gate .
go through the Barus Building to Gardner House .
go through the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity to War Memorial .
go through the Hughes Court to Manning .
go through the Casey Shearer Memorial to Lippit House .
go through the Horace Mann House to John Hay Library .
go through the Norwood House to Kassar House .
go through the J.W. Wilson to Hegeman .
go through the Watson Center for Information Technology to Walter Hall .
go through the Sharpe Refectory to Rhode Island Hall .
go through the Barus Building to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go through the Hope College to Slater Hall .
go through the Maxcy Green to College Green .
go through the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority to Marcus Aurelius .
go through the Wayland to Robinson Gate .
go through the Friedman Hall to Maxcy Green .
go through the Slavery Memorial to Rockefeller Library .
go through the Class of 1872 Gate to Lot 76 .
go through the Prince Engineering Lab to Robinson Gate .
go through the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate to Arnold Laboratory .
go through the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go through the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority to Lot 17 .
go through the Lyman Hall to Wayland .
go through the Slater Hall to Campus Market .
go through the Soldiers Memorial Gate to Class of 1887 Gate .
go through the Horace Mann House to Marston Hall .
go through the Hope College to Faunce House .
go through the Rockefeller Library to Minden Hall .
go through the Slavery Memorial to William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go through the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go through the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate to Campus Market .
go through the Swearer Center for Public Service to Casey Shearer Memorial .
go through the Maddock Alumni  to Brown University .
go through the Walter Hall to College Green .
go through the Brown Bear to Caswell Hall .
go through the Urban Environmental Lab to Prince Engineering Lab .
go to the John Carter Brown Library , then proceed to Brown Bear .
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall , then proceed to John Hay Library .
go to the Norwood House , then proceed to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to the Lippit House , then proceed to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to the Walter Hall , then proceed to Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate , then proceed to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to the Circle Dance Sculpture , then proceed to Kassar House .
go to the Casey Shearer Memorial , then proceed to The Ivy Room .
go to the Circle Dance Sculpture , then proceed to Slavery Memorial .
go to the Urban Environmental Lab , then proceed to Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to the Lyman Hall , then proceed to Norwood House .
go to the Lyman Hall , then proceed to Friedman Hall .
go to the Caswell Hall , then proceed to John Carter Brown Library .
go to the Littlefield Hall , then proceed to List Art Building .
go to the Citizen's Bank , then proceed to Sayles Hall .
go to the Hegeman , then proceed to Hope College .
go to the Idee di pietra , then proceed to Lot 76 .
go to the Lippit House , then proceed to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to the Citizen's Bank , then proceed to Walter Hall .
go to the John Hay Library , then proceed to Class of 1887 Gate .
go to the Lot 17 , then proceed to Maxcy Green .
go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate , then proceed to Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to the Campus Market , then proceed to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to the Lot 18 , then proceed to Arnold Laboratory .
go to the Shirley Miller House , then proceed to Slavery Memorial .
go to the Shirley Miller House , then proceed to Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to the Lot 17 , then proceed to Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to the Sharpe Refectory , then proceed to Wriston Quad .
go to the Urban Environmental Lab , then proceed to Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to the BERT , then proceed to John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate , then proceed to War Memorial .
go to the Barus Building , then proceed to Rhode Island Hall .
go to the Citizen's Bank , then proceed to Hope College .
go to the Brown Bear , then proceed to Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to the Minden Hall , then proceed to Finlandia .
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity , then proceed to Maxcy Green .
go to the Wayland , then proceed to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to the John Hay Library , then proceed to Hughes Court .
go to the Caswell Hall , then proceed to College Green .
go to the Prince Engineering Lab , then proceed to War Memorial .
go to the Littlefield Hall , then proceed to William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to the Rockefeller Library , then proceed to Wriston Quad .
go to the Casey Shearer Memorial , then proceed to Robinson Gate .
go to the Circle Dance Sculpture , then proceed to Lyman Hall .
go to the Lyman Hall , then proceed to Maddock Alumni  .
go to the John Hay Library , then proceed to Simmons Quadrangle .
go to the Maxcy Green , then proceed to Norwood House .
go to the Marston Hall , then proceed to Caswell Hall .
go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate , then proceed to Starbucks .
go to the Rockefeller Library , then proceed to War Memorial .
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching , then proceed to J.W. Wilson .
go to the The Ivy Room , then proceed to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to the John Carter Brown Library , then proceed to Lot 17 .
go to the Minden Hall , then proceed to Rockefeller Library .
go to the Manning , then proceed to Littlefield Hall .
go to the Maddock Alumni  , then proceed to Marston Hall .
go to the Maxcy Hall , then proceed to Mencoff Hall .
go to the Sharpe Refectory , then proceed to Lyman Hall .
go to the Lincoln Field Building before you go to Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to the Slater Hall before you go to 67 George .
go to the Van Wickle Gates before you go to College Green .
go to the Kassar House before you go to Minden Hall .
go to the University Hall before you go to Sears .
go to the BERT before you go to List Art Building .
go to the Walter Hall before you go to John Carter Brown Library .
go to the Lot 76 before you go to Hegeman .
go to the Prospect House before you go to Mencoff Hall .
go to the Maxcy Green before you go to Marston Hall .
go to the Brown Bear before you go to Faunce House .
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate before you go to Marcus Aurelius .
go to the List Art Building before you go to Urban Environmental Lab .
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate before you go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to the Carrie Tower before you go to Hope College .
go to the Brown University before you go to Caswell Hall .
go to the Hughes Court before you go to Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to the John Hay Library before you go to Finlandia .
go to the Robinson Gate before you go to Lot 76 .
go to the Wriston Quad before you go to J.W. Wilson .
go to the Slavery Memorial before you go to Simmons Quadrangle .
go to the Marcus Aurelius before you go to Campus Market .
go to the Arnold Laboratory before you go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate before you go to Finlandia .
go to the Lyman Hall before you go to List Art Building .
go to the Brown Bear before you go to List Art Building .
go to the Walter Hall before you go to Starbucks .
go to the Prince Engineering Lab before you go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to the Brown University before you go to Robinson Gate .
go to the Faunce House before you go to 86 Waterman  .
go to the Saint Stephens Church before you go to Gardner House .
go to the BERT before you go to Urban Environmental Lab .
go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear before you go to Prince Engineering Lab .
go to the Medical Research Lab before you go to Rhode Island Hall .
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color before you go to Norwood House .
go to the Lippit House before you go to Norwood House .
go to the Kassar House before you go to Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Sharpe Refectory before you go to Faunce House .
go to the Lippit House before you go to Brown Bear .
go to the Sears before you go to Metcalf Research Building .
go to the Lot 17 before you go to Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate before you go to 86 Waterman  .
go to the Prince Engineering Lab before you go to Brown University .
go to the Quiet Green before you go to Class of 1887 Gate .
go to the Littlefield Hall before you go to Barus Building .
go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate before you go to Prospect House .
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color before you go to Urban Environmental Lab .
go to the Shirley Miller House before you go to William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to the Minden Hall before you go to Class of 1887 Gate .
go to the Kassar House before you go to Rockefeller Library .
go to the P-131317 before you go to Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to the War Memorial before you go to Hughes Court .
go to the Idee di pietra before you go to Manning .
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity before you go to University Hall .
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop before you go to Saint Stephens Church .
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching before you go to 86 Waterman  .
go to the Simmons Quadrangle before you go to Medical Research Lab .
go to the Hughes Court before you go to Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate before you go to Shirley Miller House .
go to the Brown University Sciences Library before you go to Class of 1872 Gate .
first go to the Hegeman and then go to Lot 76 .
first go to the J.W. Wilson and then go to Lot 18 .
first go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity and then go to Hegeman .
first go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop and then go to Blue Room .
first go to the Manning and then go to Slater Hall .
first go to the Blue Room and then go to Wriston Quad .
first go to the Slater Hall and then go to Hope College .
first go to the Robinson Hall and then go to Friedman Hall .
first go to the Maxcy Green and then go to John Nicholas Brown Gate .
first go to the University Hall and then go to Sharpe Refectory .
first go to the War Memorial and then go to Walter Hall .
first go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology and then go to Van Wickle Gates .
first go to the Sears and then go to Prince Engineering Lab .
first go to the J.W. Wilson and then go to Circle Dance Sculpture .
first go to the War Memorial and then go to Hughes Court .
first go to the J.W. Wilson and then go to Quiet Green .
first go to the Gardner House and then go to Van Wickle Gates .
first go to the Slater Hall and then go to Medical Research Lab .
first go to the 86 Waterman  and then go to Brown University .
first go to the Urban Environmental Lab and then go to Sharpe Refectory .
first go to the Sears and then go to John Hay Library .
first go to the Brown Bear and then go to Van Wickle Gates .
first go to the Slavery Memorial and then go to Casey Shearer Memorial .
first go to the John Carter Brown Library and then go to J.W. Wilson .
first go to the University Hall and then go to John Hay Library .
first go to the John Hay Library and then go to Robinson Gate .
first go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology and then go to Lyman Hall .
first go to the Class of 1872 Gate and then go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
first go to the Hegeman and then go to 67 George .
first go to the Casey Shearer Memorial and then go to Sayles Hall .
first go to the Prince Engineering Lab and then go to Circle Dance Sculpture .
first go to the Medical Research Lab and then go to William Goddard Memorial Gate .
first go to the Caswell Hall and then go to War Memorial .
first go to the Marston Hall and then go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
first go to the Robinson Hall and then go to Lot 17 .
first go to the Arnold Laboratory and then go to University Hall .
first go to the John Hay Library and then go to Metcalf Research Building .
first go to the Casey Shearer Memorial and then go to Prospect House .
first go to the Brown Center for Students of Color and then go to Watson Center for Information Technology .
first go to the Wilbour Hall and then go to Manning .
first go to the Hughes Court and then go to Carrie Tower .
first go to the John Hay Library and then go to Manning .
first go to the Sears and then go to Caswell Hall .
first go to the Minden Hall and then go to Hope College .
first go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ and then go to Sayles Hall .
first go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences and then go to Blue Room .
first go to the 67 George and then go to Maxcy Hall .
first go to the Lyman Hall and then go to Slavery Memorial .
first go to the Brown University and then go to Lyman Hall .
first go to the University Hall and then go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
first go to the Gardner House and then go to Norwood House .
move to the Wriston Quad and then move to The Ivy Room .
move to the Van Wickle Gates and then move to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
move to the John Nicholas Brown Gate and then move to Minden Hall .
move to the Lot 76 and then move to Norwood House .
move to the Lot 76 and then move to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
move to the Saint Stephens Church and then move to Campus Market .
move to the Citizen's Bank and then move to Lot 17 .
move to the Blue Room and then move to Littlefield Hall .
move to the Wilbour Hall and then move to Kassar House .
move to the Slater Hall and then move to Lot 17 .
move to the University Hall and then move to Littlefield Hall .
move to the Maxcy Hall and then move to 67 George .
move to the Hope College and then move to Hughes Court .
move to the Simmons Quadrangle and then move to Gardner House .
move to the Lippit House and then move to John Hay Library .
move to the Mencoff Hall and then move to Barus Building .
move to the Arnold Laboratory and then move to Metcalf Research Building .
move to the Lincoln Field Building and then move to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
move to the Arnold Laboratory and then move to Rockefeller Library .
move to the The Ivy Room and then move to Finlandia .
move to the Lippit House and then move to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
move to the Van Wickle Gates and then move to Untitled Lamp/Bear .
move to the Watson Center for Information Technology and then move to Lippit House .
move to the Faunce House and then move to John Nicholas Brown Gate .
move to the Brown University Sciences Library and then move to Urban Environmental Lab .
move to the Marcus Aurelius and then move to Lippit House .
move to the Robinson Hall and then move to Rhode Island Hall .
move to the Van Wickle Gates and then move to Lincoln Field Building .
move to the Wayland and then move to John Carter Brown Library .
move to the John Hay Library and then move to Maxcy Hall .
move to the Hope College and then move to Prince Engineering Lab .
move to the Friedman Hall and then move to Citizen's Bank .
move to the BERT and then move to War Memorial .
move to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology and then move to Brown Bear .
move to the Van Wickle Gates and then move to P-131317 .
move to the Slavery Memorial and then move to Hegeman .
move to the Rhode Island Hall and then move to Campus Market .
move to the Littlefield Hall and then move to Soldiers Memorial Gate .
move to the Sayles Hall and then move to Prospect House .
move to the Lyman Hall and then move to Mencoff Hall .
move to the Horace Mann House and then move to Kassar House .
move to the 86 Waterman  and then move to Sharpe Refectory .
move to the Blue Room and then move to Soldiers Memorial Gate .
move to the Lot 18 and then move to Barus Building .
move to the Simmons Quadrangle and then move to Hughes Court .
move to the Walter Hall and then move to Sayles Hall .
move to the Slater Hall and then move to Marcus Aurelius .
move to the Saint Stephens Church and then move to Friedman Hall .
move to the Sears and then move to John Nicholas Brown Gate .
move to the Maxcy Hall and then move to Brown Bear .
move to the Sayles Hall and then move to John Nicholas Brown Gate .
always go through the Salomon Center for Teaching before going to William Goddard Memorial Gate .
always go through the Watson Center for Information Technology before going to Blue Room .
always go through the Kassar House before going to Hope College .
always go through the John Nicholas Brown Gate before going to War Memorial .
always go through the War Memorial before going to Marston Hall .
always go through the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences before going to William Goddard Memorial Gate .
always go through the College Green before going to Lippit House .
always go through the Casey Shearer Memorial before going to Robinson Hall .
always go through the Carrie Tower before going to 67 George .
always go through the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences before going to Citizen's Bank .
always go through the Maddock Alumni  before going to John Carter Brown Library .
always go through the Citizen's Bank before going to Class of 1872 Gate .
always go through the Wayland before going to J.W. Wilson .
always go through the William Goddard Memorial Gate before going to Salomon Center for Teaching .
always go through the Carrie Tower before going to Untitled Lamp/Bear .
always go through the Wilbour Hall before going to Medical Research Lab .
always go through the BERT before going to Arnold Laboratory .
always go through the Barus Building before going to Starbucks .
always go through the 67 George before going to Saint Stephens Church .
always go through the Arnold Laboratory before going to Caswell Hall .
always go through the Citizen's Bank before going to Wilbour Hall .
always go through the Metcalf Research Building before going to J.W. Wilson .
always go through the John Nicholas Brown Gate before going to Brown University .
always go through the Wriston Quad before going to Finlandia .
always go through the Saint Stephens Church before going to Brown Bear .
always go through the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ before going to Soldiers Memorial Gate .
always go through the Wilbour Hall before going to Simmons Quadrangle .
always go through the Watson Center for Information Technology before going to Van Wickle Gates .
always go through the Lippit House before going to Casey Shearer Memorial .
always go through the Rockefeller Library before going to John Hay Library .
always go through the Barus Building before going to Starbucks .
always go through the War Memorial before going to Brown University .
always go through the The Ivy Room before going to Faunce House .
always go through the College Green before going to Slater Hall .
always go through the Lyman Hall before going to Kassar House .
always go through the Brown Bear before going to Blue Room .
always go through the Quiet Green before going to John Carter Brown Library .
always go through the Friedman Hall before going to Watson Center for Information Technology .
always go through the The Ivy Room before going to Quiet Green .
always go through the Arnold Laboratory before going to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
always go through the Starbucks before going to Finlandia .
always go through the College Green before going to Robinson Hall .
always go through the Class of 1872 Gate before going to Marcus Aurelius .
always go through the Rockefeller Library before going to Gardner House .
always go through the Prospect House before going to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
always go through the William Goddard Memorial Gate before going to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
always go through the Swearer Center for Public Service before going to The Ivy Room .
always go through the Medical Research Lab before going to Maddock Alumni  .
always go through the Blue Room before going to Simmons Quadrangle .
always go through the J.W. Wilson before going to Robinson Hall .
always go through the Saint Stephens Church before going to Sharpe Refectory .
always go through the Slavery Memorial before going to Class of 1872 Gate .
always go through the Hughes Court before going to Gardner House .
go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology and then go to Manning .
go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear and then go to Lincoln Field Building .
go to the Lyman Hall and then go to Lippit House .
go to the Simmons Quadrangle and then go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to the John Hay Library and then go to Hegeman .
go to the Starbucks and then go to Gardner House .
go to the Rockefeller Library and then go to The Ivy Room .
go to the Brown Bear and then go to Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to the Walter Hall and then go to Brown University .
go to the Sears and then go to Hope College .
go to the Maddock Alumni  and then go to Brown Bear .
go to the Marston Hall and then go to Slater Hall .
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching and then go to Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to the Hope College and then go to J.W. Wilson .
go to the War Memorial and then go to Horace Mann House .
go to the Brown Bear and then go to Littlefield Hall .
go to the 67 George and then go to Maxcy Hall .
go to the Caswell Hall and then go to Hughes Court .
go to the Brown Bear and then go to Marston Hall .
go to the Campus Market and then go to Lot 18 .
go to the Carrie Tower and then go to College Green .
go to the Brown University and then go to Wayland .
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching and then go to College Green .
go to the Norwood House and then go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to the Idee di pietra and then go to Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to the Van Wickle Gates and then go to P-131317 .
go to the Prince Engineering Lab and then go to Class of 1887 Gate .
go to the Hegeman and then go to Wilbour Hall .
go to the Lyman Hall and then go to Hope College .
go to the Slater Hall and then go to 86 Waterman  .
go to the Manning and then go to Brown Bear .
go to the Blue Room and then go to P-131317 .
go to the J.W. Wilson and then go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to the Minden Hall and then go to Robinson Gate .
go to the List Art Building and then go to Starbucks .
go to the University Hall and then go to P-131317 .
go to the Wriston Quad and then go to Class of 1887 Gate .
go to the Mencoff Hall and then go to Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate and then go to 67 George .
go to the War Memorial and then go to Idee di pietra .
go to the Idee di pietra and then go to John Hay Library .
go to the Walter Hall and then go to Arnold Laboratory .
go to the Simmons Quadrangle and then go to Marston Hall .
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color and then go to Kassar House .
go to the War Memorial and then go to Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to the P-131317 and then go to Wilbour Hall .
go to the John Hay Library and then go to Lot 76 .
go to the Saint Stephens Church and then go to Horace Mann House .
go to the Urban Environmental Lab and then go to Finlandia .
go to the Sayles Hall and then go to Hope College .
go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate and then go to Littlefield Hall .
go to the College Green and then go to P-131317 .
go to the Caswell Hall and then go to Faunce House .
go to the Van Wickle Gates and then go to Gardner House .
go to the John Hay Library and then go to Blue Room .
go to the Robinson Gate and then go to Littlefield Hall .
go to the Robinson Gate and then go to Wayland .
go through the The Ivy Room to Shirley Miller House .
go through the BERT to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go through the Blue Room to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go through the Horace Mann House to 67 George .
go through the Swearer Center for Public Service to Mencoff Hall .
go through the Quiet Green to University Hall .
go through the Kassar House to Marcus Aurelius .
go through the Robinson Gate to Campus Market .
go through the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall to Gardner House .
go through the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate to Lippit House .
go through the Maxcy Hall to Hegeman .
go through the Norwood House to Horace Mann House .
go through the Lot 17 to Faunce House .
go through the Metcalf Research Building to Brown University .
go through the Class of 1887 Gate to Brown Bear .
go through the Kassar House to Lot 76 .
go through the Blue Room to Watson Center for Information Technology .
go through the Mencoff Hall to Hegeman .
go through the P-131317 to War Memorial .
go through the Slater Hall to Wayland .
go through the Lyman Hall to Norwood House .
go through the The Ivy Room to Faunce House .
go through the Van Wickle Gates to Wayland .
go through the Lot 17 to Salomon Center for Teaching .
go through the Casey Shearer Memorial to Lot 76 .
go through the Caswell Hall to Mencoff Hall .
go through the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority to Blue Room .
go through the Minden Hall to Quiet Green .
go through the Mencoff Hall to Brown University .
go through the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go through the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop to Barus Building .
go through the Metcalf Research Building to Brown University Sciences Library .
go through the Carrie Tower to Lot 76 .
go through the Mencoff Hall to Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go through the Marcus Aurelius to Wriston Quad .
go through the Swearer Center for Public Service to Marston Hall .
go through the Shirley Miller House to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go through the Simmons Quadrangle to Norwood House .
go through the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ to Wriston Quad .
go through the Untitled Lamp/Bear to List Art Building .
go through the Rockefeller Library to Lippit House .
go through the J.W. Wilson to P-131317 .
go through the Maddock Alumni  to Marston Hall .
go through the 86 Waterman  to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go through the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences to John Hay Library .
go through the Horace Mann House to Sharpe Refectory .
go through the Norwood House to Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go through the Wayland to Casey Shearer Memorial .
go through the Wriston Quad to Circle Dance Sculpture .
go through the College Green to Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go through the Robinson Hall to Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go through the Casey Shearer Memorial to College Green .
go through the Idee di pietra to List Art Building .
go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate through the Kassar House .
go to Maxcy Green through the Caswell Hall .
go to Brown Center for Students of Color through the Norwood House .
go to Saint Stephens Church through the Lyman Hall .
go to Marston Hall through the John Hay Library .
go to College Green through the Walter Hall .
go to Idee di pietra through the Starbucks .
go to Casey Shearer Memorial through the Barus Building .
go to Watson Center for Information Technology through the Arnold Laboratory .
go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity through the John Carter Brown Library .
go to Saint Stephens Church through the Carrie Tower .
go to Arnold Laboratory through the Slavery Memorial .
go to Rhode Island Hall through the Slavery Memorial .
go to Lyman Hall through the Sears .
go to Hope College through the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to Casey Shearer Memorial through the Caswell Hall .
go to Lot 18 through the John Hay Library .
go to Norwood House through the Horace Mann House .
go to Mencoff Hall through the 86 Waterman  .
go to List Art Building through the Sayles Hall .
go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate through the Lyman Hall .
go to Simmons Quadrangle through the Wriston Quad .
go to Lot 76 through the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to Slater Hall through the Brown Bear .
go to Lippit House through the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to William Goddard Memorial Gate through the Arnold Laboratory .
go to Watson Center for Information Technology through the University Hall .
go to 86 Waterman  through the Citizen's Bank .
go to John Hay Library through the Urban Environmental Lab .
go to List Art Building through the Brown University .
go to Walter Hall through the Maxcy Hall .
go to University Hall through the John Hay Library .
go to University Hall through the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to Starbucks through the Hughes Court .
go to Hughes Court through the John Hay Library .
go to Maxcy Green through the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to Maxcy Green through the Idee di pietra .
go to Friedman Hall through the The Ivy Room .
go to College Green through the Wilbour Hall .
go to Maxcy Green through the Maddock Alumni  .
go to Robinson Gate through the Idee di pietra .
go to Finlandia through the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to Van Wickle Gates through the Lyman Hall .
go to Brown Center for Students of Color through the Walter Hall .
go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology through the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to John Hay Library through the Rockefeller Library .
go to Kassar House through the Class of 1887 Gate .
go to John Hay Library through the Maxcy Green .
go to Lincoln Field Building through the Maxcy Green .
go to College Green through the List Art Building .
go to The Ivy Room through the Class of 1887 Gate .
go to Slavery Memorial through the Lot 17 .
go to List Art Building through the Citizen's Bank .
go to Class of 1872 Gate through the Hegeman .
go to Hegeman through the John Nicholas Brown Gate
go to Lot 76 through the Gardner House
go to Simmons Quadrangle through the Robinson Hall
go to Lyman Hall through the Prospect House
go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall through the John Hay Library
go to Brown University through the Robinson Hall
go to Casey Shearer Memorial through the Maxcy Hall
go to Gardner House through the Campus Market
go to BERT through the Van Wickle Gates
go to Circle Dance Sculpture through the Casey Shearer Memorial
go to Brown University through the Marston Hall
go to Robinson Gate through the Saint Stephens Church
go to Maxcy Hall through the Metcalf Research Building
go to Swearer Center for Public Service through the J.W. Wilson
go to Marcus Aurelius through the 67 George
go to Friedman Hall through the Watson Center for Information Technology
go to Horace Mann House through the Finlandia
go to Kassar House through the Prospect House
go to Robinson Hall through the Campus Market
go to Maxcy Hall through the Hope College
go to Prince Engineering Lab through the Norwood House
go to Lippit House through the Manning
go to Finlandia through the Lot 18
go to Watson Center for Information Technology through the Robinson Hall
go to John Nicholas Brown Gate through the Maddock Alumni 
go to Manning through the Lot 18
go to Littlefield Hall through the Lyman Hall
go to Lot 76 through the Robinson Gate
go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ through the John Carter Brown Library
go to John Nicholas Brown Gate through the Slavery Memorial
go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity through the Prospect House
go to Brown Center for Students of Color through the Campus Market
go to Walter Hall through the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ
go to Finlandia through the Maxcy Hall
go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences through the Friedman Hall
go to Kassar House through the Idee di pietra
go to Lot 17 through the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ
go to Barus Building through the Campus Market
go to Maddock Alumni  through the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity
go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ through the Gardner House
go to War Memorial through the Lot 76
go to Walter Hall through the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences
go to Brown University Sciences Library through the Norwood House
go to Saint Stephens Church through the John Hay Library
go to List Art Building through the Mencoff Hall
go to Van Wickle Gates through the Lyman Hall
go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate through the Citizen's Bank
go to Manning through the Saint Stephens Church
go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ through the Starbucks
go to Casey Shearer Memorial through the Swearer Center for Public Service
go to Sharpe Refectory through the University Hall
go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall through the Rhode Island Hall
go to John Hay Library through the Robinson Gate
go to John Hay Library through the Littlefield Hall
go to John Carter Brown Library through the Lippit House
go through the Brown Center for Students of Color , then make your way to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go through the Robinson Gate , then make your way to Lippit House .
go through the Simmons Quadrangle , then make your way to John Carter Brown Library .
go through the Mencoff Hall , then make your way to Slater Hall .
go through the Watson Center for Information Technology , then make your way to Starbucks .
go through the Marston Hall , then make your way to Citizen's Bank .
go through the Watson Center for Information Technology , then make your way to Maxcy Hall .
go through the Brown Bear , then make your way to Friedman Hall .
go through the Shirley Miller House , then make your way to Saint Stephens Church .
go through the Campus Market , then make your way to Brown University .
go through the Urban Environmental Lab , then make your way to Campus Market .
go through the Gardner House , then make your way to Quiet Green .
go through the Blue Room , then make your way to John Carter Brown Library .
go through the Watson Center for Information Technology , then make your way to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go through the Slater Hall , then make your way to Metcalf Research Building .
go through the Mencoff Hall , then make your way to Maddock Alumni  .
go through the Metcalf Research Building , then make your way to List Art Building .
go through the Maddock Alumni  , then make your way to Metcalf Research Building .
go through the Maxcy Green , then make your way to Marcus Aurelius .
go through the Sayles Hall , then make your way to Brown Center for Students of Color .
go through the Lyman Hall , then make your way to University Hall .
go through the Lot 76 , then make your way to Hope College .
go through the Rockefeller Library , then make your way to Wayland .
go through the Medical Research Lab , then make your way to Class of 1887 Gate .
go through the List Art Building , then make your way to Robinson Gate .
go through the Manning , then make your way to Wilbour Hall .
go through the Norwood House , then make your way to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go through the Hegeman , then make your way to Walter Hall .
go through the Marcus Aurelius , then make your way to The Ivy Room .
go through the P-131317 , then make your way to Lot 18 .
go through the Finlandia , then make your way to Circle Dance Sculpture .
go through the Sharpe Refectory , then make your way to Lot 18 .
go through the Brown University , then make your way to William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go through the Gardner House , then make your way to Robinson Gate .
go through the Sayles Hall , then make your way to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go through the Rhode Island Hall , then make your way to War Memorial .
go through the Lincoln Field Building , then make your way to Hegeman .
go through the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences , then make your way to College Green .
go through the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall , then make your way to Faunce House .
go through the Marston Hall , then make your way to Circle Dance Sculpture .
go through the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences , then make your way to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go through the Maxcy Hall , then make your way to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go through the Shirley Miller House , then make your way to Arnold Laboratory .
go through the Brown University , then make your way to John Hay Library .
go through the War Memorial , then make your way to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go through the Simmons Quadrangle , then make your way to Watson Center for Information Technology .
go through the Idee di pietra , then make your way to Watson Center for Information Technology .
go through the Prince Engineering Lab , then make your way to Lippit House .
go through the Van Wickle Gates , then make your way to Kassar House .
go through the John Carter Brown Library , then make your way to P-131317 .
go through the Sayles Hall , then make your way to Lot 18 .
go through the Sayles Hall , then make your way to Kassar House .
go through the Medical Research Lab , then make your way to Metcalf Research Building .
go to Untitled Lamp/Bear through the Robinson Gate .
go to Wilbour Hall through the Maddock Alumni  .
go to 86 Waterman  through the Norwood House .
go to Rockefeller Library through the P-131317 .
go to John Carter Brown Library through the Lincoln Field Building .
go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority through the War Memorial .
go to Wriston Quad through the Class of 1872 Gate .
go to Robinson Hall through the Gardner House .
go to Rockefeller Library through the Maddock Alumni  .
go to University Hall through the 67 George .
go to Simmons Quadrangle through the Friedman Hall .
go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology through the Manning .
go to Sears through the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to William Goddard Memorial Gate through the Norwood House .
go to Campus Market through the J.W. Wilson .
go to Littlefield Hall through the Class of 1887 Gate .
go to Robinson Hall through the Starbucks .
go to Prospect House through the Shirley Miller House .
go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority through the Maxcy Hall .
go to Kassar House through the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to Swearer Center for Public Service through the War Memorial .
go to Citizen's Bank through the Wilbour Hall .
go to Kassar House through the Maddock Alumni  .
go to List Art Building through the Sharpe Refectory .
go to 86 Waterman  through the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to Prospect House through the Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to Rhode Island Hall through the Gardner House .
go to John Nicholas Brown Gate through the Saint Stephens Church .
go to Saint Stephens Church through the Sayles Hall .
go to Marston Hall through the The Ivy Room .
go to Untitled Lamp/Bear through the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to Slater Hall through the Class of 1887 Gate .
go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity through the Wriston Quad .
go to Sayles Hall through the Maddock Alumni  .
go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop through the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to College Green through the University Hall .
go to Horace Mann House through the Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to Rockefeller Library through the Walter Hall .
go to The Ivy Room through the Manning .
go to Brown Bear through the Marcus Aurelius .
go to P-131317 through the Slater Hall .
go to Swearer Center for Public Service through the Gardner House .
go to Brown University through the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to Walter Hall through the J.W. Wilson .
go to Friedman Hall through the Brown University .
go to John Nicholas Brown Gate through the Horace Mann House .
go to List Art Building through the Brown Bear .
go to Saint Stephens Church through the Urban Environmental Lab .
go to Hope College through the BERT .
go to Faunce House through the Idee di pietra .
go to Friedman Hall through the College Green .
go to Citizen's Bank through the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to The Ivy Room through the BERT .
go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences through the Brown Bear .
go through the Sears before navigating to Minden Hall .
go through the Van Wickle Gates before navigating to Class of 1872 Gate .
go through the P-131317 before navigating to Blue Room .
go through the Van Wickle Gates before navigating to John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go through the College Green before navigating to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go through the 67 George before navigating to Brown Bear .
go through the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop before navigating to Lincoln Field Building .
go through the Lot 17 before navigating to Marcus Aurelius .
go through the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology before navigating to Sears .
go through the Prospect House before navigating to Maddock Alumni  .
go through the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority before navigating to Slater Hall .
go through the Maxcy Green before navigating to Salomon Center for Teaching .
go through the John Hay Library before navigating to University Hall .
go through the Wayland before navigating to Swearer Center for Public Service .
go through the Arnold Laboratory before navigating to Lyman Hall .
go through the Kassar House before navigating to Campus Market .
go through the Caswell Hall before navigating to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go through the Arnold Laboratory before navigating to Wilbour Hall .
go through the 86 Waterman  before navigating to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go through the 67 George before navigating to Robinson Hall .
go through the Slavery Memorial before navigating to Brown University Sciences Library .
go through the Wayland before navigating to Minden Hall .
go through the Carrie Tower before navigating to Brown University Sciences Library .
go through the Lyman Hall before navigating to Wilbour Hall .
go through the Salomon Center for Teaching before navigating to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go through the William Goddard Memorial Gate before navigating to Maxcy Green .
go through the Friedman Hall before navigating to Marcus Aurelius .
go through the Watson Center for Information Technology before navigating to Arnold Laboratory .
go through the Robinson Hall before navigating to Wilbour Hall .
go through the Slater Hall before navigating to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go through the Kassar House before navigating to Metcalf Research Building .
go through the College Green before navigating to Gardner House .
go through the Campus Market before navigating to Kassar House .
go through the Prince Engineering Lab before navigating to Metcalf Research Building .
go through the Mencoff Hall before navigating to Simmons Quadrangle .
go through the Hughes Court before navigating to Prince Engineering Lab .
go through the Finlandia before navigating to Wayland .
go through the Friedman Hall before navigating to Mencoff Hall .
go through the Littlefield Hall before navigating to Norwood House .
go through the Shirley Miller House before navigating to Lot 76 .
go through the Saint Stephens Church before navigating to J.W. Wilson .
go through the Wilbour Hall before navigating to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go through the Maxcy Hall before navigating to John Hay Library .
go through the Class of 1887 Gate before navigating to Prospect House .
go through the War Memorial before navigating to Urban Environmental Lab .
go through the The Ivy Room before navigating to Minden Hall .
go through the Minden Hall before navigating to Citizen's Bank .
go through the Simmons Quadrangle before navigating to Van Wickle Gates .
go through the Slavery Memorial before navigating to Watson Center for Information Technology .
go through the Soldiers Memorial Gate before navigating to John Hay Library .
always go through the Untitled Lamp/Bear before going to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
always go through the Faunce House before going to Sayles Hall .
always go through the Circle Dance Sculpture before going to Wayland .
always go through the The Ivy Room before going to Norwood House .
always go through the Robinson Gate before going to College Green .
always go through the Walter Hall before going to Prospect House .
always go through the Wilbour Hall before going to Idee di pietra .
always go through the Slater Hall before going to Lyman Hall .
always go through the Lot 18 before going to BERT .
always go through the Class of 1872 Gate before going to Barus Building .
always go through the Manning before going to Brown University Sciences Library .
always go through the Simmons Quadrangle before going to Lot 18 .
always go through the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate before going to Lot 18 .
always go through the Lot 76 before going to Starbucks .
always go through the Littlefield Hall before going to Maxcy Hall .
always go through the Blue Room before going to Prospect House .
always go through the P-131317 before going to Marcus Aurelius .
always go through the Arnold Laboratory before going to The Ivy Room .
always go through the Robinson Gate before going to Lyman Hall .
always go through the 86 Waterman  before going to John Nicholas Brown Gate .
always go through the Idee di pietra before going to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
always go through the Lot 18 before going to Marston Hall .
always go through the Watson Center for Information Technology before going to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
always go through the William Goddard Memorial Gate before going to John Hay Library .
always go through the Simmons Quadrangle before going to War Memorial .
always go through the Maxcy Hall before going to Salomon Center for Teaching .
always go through the Sayles Hall before going to Van Wickle Gates .
always go through the Mencoff Hall before going to Maxcy Hall .
always go through the Faunce House before going to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
always go through the Norwood House before going to Walter Hall .
always go through the Lot 17 before going to Barus Building .
always go through the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ before going to John Carter Brown Library .
always go through the Maxcy Green before going to Maxcy Hall .
always go through the 67 George before going to Quiet Green .
always go through the Soldiers Memorial Gate before going to Shirley Miller House .
always go through the Class of 1872 Gate before going to Brown University Sciences Library .
always go through the Class of 1887 Gate before going to Mencoff Hall .
always go through the Maxcy Green before going to Lot 18 .
always go through the Watson Center for Information Technology before going to Maxcy Hall .
always go through the Simmons Quadrangle before going to 86 Waterman  .
always go through the Hope College before going to Slater Hall .
always go through the Walter Hall before going to Minden Hall .
always go through the Blue Room before going to Slater Hall .
always go through the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity before going to Friedman Hall .
always go through the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop before going to Prince Engineering Lab .
always go through the Maxcy Hall before going to Norwood House .
always go through the Lincoln Field Building before going to Walter Hall .
always go through the Swearer Center for Public Service before going to Sayles Hall .
always go through the Wriston Quad before going to Brown University .
always go through the Watson Center for Information Technology before going to Lot 76 .
always go through the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop before going to P-131317 .
always go through the War Memorial before going to Faunce House .
always go through the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ before going to Kassar House .
always go through the Hughes Court before going to Gardner House .
always go through the William Goddard Memorial Gate before going to Watson Center for Information Technology .
always go through the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences before going to Faunce House .
go to John Carter Brown Library through the Campus Market
go to Carrie Tower through the Brown University
go to Class of 1872 Gate through the Minden Hall
go to Shirley Miller House through the Salomon Center for Teaching
go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity through the Prospect House
go to Barus Building through the Shirley Miller House
go to Idee di pietra through the Norwood House
go to Brown Bear through the University Hall
go to List Art Building through the Van Wickle Gates
go to Urban Environmental Lab through the Hope College
go to Arnold Laboratory through the Lippit House
go to Slater Hall through the Hughes Court
go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences through the Watson Center for Information Technology
go to BERT through the Hope College
go to Brown University Sciences Library through the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity
go to Brown Bear through the Sharpe Refectory
go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall through the Brown University
go to Hughes Court through the Arnold Laboratory
go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall through the Idee di pietra
go to Brown University through the John Hay Library
go to Shirley Miller House through the Citizen's Bank
go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop through the Hughes Court
go to Campus Market through the Watson Center for Information Technology
go to Maxcy Hall through the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall
go to Swearer Center for Public Service through the Blue Room
go to Mencoff Hall through the University Hall
go to Class of 1872 Gate through the Gardner House
go to Horace Mann House through the Norwood House
go to Salomon Center for Teaching through the Carrie Tower
go to Carrie Tower through the War Memorial
go to Caswell Hall through the Mencoff Hall
go to J.W. Wilson through the Carrie Tower
go to Lot 18 through the Metcalf Research Building
go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences through the Van Wickle Gates
go to Sayles Hall through the Class of 1872 Gate
go to Maxcy Green through the Van Wickle Gates
go to Minden Hall through the Rockefeller Library
go to Citizen's Bank through the List Art Building
go to John Carter Brown Library through the Metcalf Research Building
go to Urban Environmental Lab through the War Memorial
go to BERT through the Lippit House
go to John Hay Library through the Walter Hall
go to Starbucks through the Caswell Hall
go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall through the Lippit House
go to Marcus Aurelius through the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop
go to John Hay Library through the Littlefield Hall
go to Arnold Laboratory through the Watson Center for Information Technology
go to Rhode Island Hall through the Marston Hall
go to John Nicholas Brown Gate through the College Green
go to Brown Center for Students of Color through the Circle Dance Sculpture
go to Wilbour Hall through the Wayland
go to P-131317 through the List Art Building
go to 86 Waterman  through the Gardner House
go to Carrie Tower through the Brown Bear
go to Soldiers Memorial Gate through the Finlandia
go to Prince Engineering Lab through the Manning
go to Caswell Hall through the Starbucks
go through the Arnold Laboratory before going to Robinson Hall
go through the Carrie Tower before going to Barus Building
go through the Faunce House before going to Robinson Gate
go through the Saint Stephens Church before going to Lyman Hall
go through the Sayles Hall before going to Medical Research Lab
go through the Lincoln Field Building before going to Sears
go through the Norwood House before going to Sears
go through the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ before going to Quiet Green
go through the Slater Hall before going to Hope College
go through the Barus Building before going to Horace Mann House
go through the Quiet Green before going to Marcus Aurelius
go through the War Memorial before going to Prospect House
go through the Lot 76 before going to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall
go through the Idee di pietra before going to Circle Dance Sculpture
go through the University Hall before going to Faunce House
go through the Saint Stephens Church before going to Blue Room
go through the Saint Stephens Church before going to John Hay Library
go through the Maddock Alumni  before going to Shirley Miller House
go through the Barus Building before going to Lot 76
go through the Hegeman before going to Swearer Center for Public Service
go through the Soldiers Memorial Gate before going to John Carter Brown Library
go through the Norwood House before going to Shirley Miller House
go through the Maxcy Hall before going to Maxcy Green
go through the Maxcy Green before going to Soldiers Memorial Gate
go through the Lot 76 before going to Quiet Green
go through the Soldiers Memorial Gate before going to P-131317
go through the Swearer Center for Public Service before going to Littlefield Hall
go through the Finlandia before going to Robinson Hall
go through the Lippit House before going to Arnold Laboratory
go through the Salomon Center for Teaching before going to Medical Research Lab
go through the Class of 1887 Gate before going to Barus Building
go through the Circle Dance Sculpture before going to Sayles Hall
go through the Brown Bear before going to William Goddard Memorial Gate
go through the Maxcy Hall before going to Gardner House
go through the Watson Center for Information Technology before going to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop
go through the Sharpe Refectory before going to Maxcy Hall
go through the P-131317 before going to Sharpe Refectory
go through the Norwood House before going to Brown Bear
go through the Lincoln Field Building before going to Watson Center for Information Technology
go through the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity before going to Manning
go through the Slavery Memorial before going to Manning
go through the Class of 1872 Gate before going to Horace Mann House
go through the Slater Hall before going to List Art Building
go through the Hegeman before going to Class of 1872 Gate
go through the Prince Engineering Lab before going to Horace Mann House
go through the Lyman Hall before going to Horace Mann House
go through the Robinson Gate before going to Norwood House
go through the Sears before going to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop
go through the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop before going to Lot 17
go through the Finlandia before going to Walter Hall
move to the List Art Building first then travel to Van Wickle Gates .
move to the Wilbour Hall first then travel to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
move to the John Hay Library first then travel to Lippit House .
move to the Robinson Gate first then travel to Lot 76 .
move to the Finlandia first then travel to Lot 17 .
move to the Prince Engineering Lab first then travel to Idee di pietra .
move to the Sharpe Refectory first then travel to Finlandia .
move to the Campus Market first then travel to Carrie Tower .
move to the Lot 76 first then travel to Hope College .
move to the University Hall first then travel to Slavery Memorial .
move to the Prince Engineering Lab first then travel to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
move to the Class of 1872 Gate first then travel to Finlandia .
move to the William Goddard Memorial Gate first then travel to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
move to the Lot 76 first then travel to University Hall .
move to the Medical Research Lab first then travel to William Goddard Memorial Gate .
move to the Circle Dance Sculpture first then travel to Robinson Gate .
move to the Brown Bear first then travel to Carrie Tower .
move to the Rockefeller Library first then travel to The Ivy Room .
move to the Salomon Center for Teaching first then travel to Casey Shearer Memorial .
move to the Casey Shearer Memorial first then travel to Urban Environmental Lab .
move to the 67 George first then travel to Gardner House .
move to the John Carter Brown Library first then travel to Hope College .
move to the Urban Environmental Lab first then travel to Brown University Sciences Library .
move to the College Green first then travel to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
move to the Quiet Green first then travel to Lot 18 .
move to the Hughes Court first then travel to Norwood House .
move to the P-131317 first then travel to Starbucks .
move to the Marcus Aurelius first then travel to College Green .
move to the Quiet Green first then travel to Slavery Memorial .
move to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall first then travel to Marcus Aurelius .
move to the J.W. Wilson first then travel to Van Wickle Gates .
move to the Wilbour Hall first then travel to Marcus Aurelius .
move to the Manning first then travel to BERT .
move to the John Carter Brown Library first then travel to Untitled Lamp/Bear .
move to the Quiet Green first then travel to College Green .
move to the Brown Bear first then travel to Gardner House .
move to the Marcus Aurelius first then travel to Lincoln Field Building .
move to the Hughes Court first then travel to Marston Hall .
move to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop first then travel to College Green .
move to the Soldiers Memorial Gate first then travel to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
move to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate first then travel to Slavery Memorial .
move to the John Nicholas Brown Gate first then travel to Swearer Center for Public Service .
move to the Lincoln Field Building first then travel to The Ivy Room .
move to the Slavery Memorial first then travel to Lot 17 .
move to the College Green first then travel to Swearer Center for Public Service .
move to the Prospect House first then travel to Brown University Sciences Library .
move to the Van Wickle Gates first then travel to Brown Bear .
move to the Gardner House first then travel to The Ivy Room .
move to the Wayland first then travel to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
move to the College Green first then travel to Maddock Alumni  .
move to the Starbucks first then travel to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
move to the Maxcy Green first then travel to Campus Market .
move to the Untitled Lamp/Bear first then travel to Caswell Hall .
move to the Campus Market first then travel to Starbucks .
go to the Marston Hall before you go to Brown Bear .
go to the Maddock Alumni  before you go to BERT .
go to the John Hay Library before you go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to the Carrie Tower before you go to P-131317 .
go to the Gardner House before you go to BERT .
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority before you go to Wilbour Hall .
go to the Gardner House before you go to Rockefeller Library .
go to the Marcus Aurelius before you go to John Carter Brown Library .
go to the Medical Research Lab before you go to J.W. Wilson .
go to the Simmons Quadrangle before you go to Shirley Miller House .
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology before you go to University Hall .
go to the Quiet Green before you go to Hope College .
go to the Sharpe Refectory before you go to Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to the Sayles Hall before you go to Sears .
go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear before you go to List Art Building .
go to the Rhode Island Hall before you go to Hope College .
go to the Saint Stephens Church before you go to Gardner House .
go to the Lincoln Field Building before you go to Carrie Tower .
go to the Brown Bear before you go to Maxcy Green .
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ before you go to Metcalf Research Building .
go to the Gardner House before you go to Lippit House .
go to the Maxcy Hall before you go to Kassar House .
go to the Maddock Alumni  before you go to Maxcy Green .
go to the Simmons Quadrangle before you go to Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to the List Art Building before you go to Mencoff Hall .
go to the Robinson Hall before you go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to the College Green before you go to John Hay Library .
go to the Prince Engineering Lab before you go to Gardner House .
go to the Simmons Quadrangle before you go to Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to the Sears before you go to Mencoff Hall .
go to the Van Wickle Gates before you go to Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to the Saint Stephens Church before you go to Carrie Tower .
go to the Van Wickle Gates before you go to Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to the List Art Building before you go to Lyman Hall .
go to the Shirley Miller House before you go to University Hall .
go to the Campus Market before you go to Wilbour Hall .
go to the Sayles Hall before you go to Kassar House .
go to the Class of 1887 Gate before you go to Norwood House .
go to the Faunce House before you go to Idee di pietra .
go to the P-131317 before you go to Rhode Island Hall .
go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate before you go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to the Urban Environmental Lab before you go to Quiet Green .
go to the Carrie Tower before you go to P-131317 .
go to the Simmons Quadrangle before you go to Starbucks .
go to the College Green before you go to Prospect House .
go to the Sharpe Refectory before you go to 67 George .
go to the Slater Hall before you go to List Art Building .
go to the Robinson Hall before you go to John Hay Library .
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color before you go to 67 George .
go to the Van Wickle Gates before you go to Rockefeller Library .
move to Brown Center for Students of Color , but go through the Arnold Laboratory first .
move to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate , but go through the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop first .
move to Rockefeller Library , but go through the Lyman Hall first .
move to Hope College , but go through the Hegeman first .
move to Medical Research Lab , but go through the William Goddard Memorial Gate first .
move to Casey Shearer Memorial , but go through the The Ivy Room first .
move to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity , but go through the John Carter Brown Library first .
move to Robinson Gate , but go through the Littlefield Hall first .
move to Barus Building , but go through the Slavery Memorial first .
move to College Green , but go through the Friedman Hall first .
move to Marcus Aurelius , but go through the Brown University first .
move to John Carter Brown Library , but go through the Wilbour Hall first .
move to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology , but go through the Slavery Memorial first .
move to The Ivy Room , but go through the Simmons Quadrangle first .
move to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall , but go through the Idee di pietra first .
move to Saint Stephens Church , but go through the Wayland first .
move to 86 Waterman  , but go through the Lincoln Field Building first .
move to Rockefeller Library , but go through the Brown University first .
move to Brown University Sciences Library , but go through the Sayles Hall first .
move to Hughes Court , but go through the Lyman Hall first .
move to Idee di pietra , but go through the Hughes Court first .
move to P-131317 , but go through the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop first .
move to Saint Stephens Church , but go through the John Nicholas Brown Gate first .
move to College Green , but go through the War Memorial first .
move to Wayland , but go through the Lot 18 first .
move to Maxcy Hall , but go through the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall first .
move to John Nicholas Brown Gate , but go through the Hegeman first .
move to Brown Bear , but go through the Lot 76 first .
move to P-131317 , but go through the Lippit House first .
move to Kassar House , but go through the Soldiers Memorial Gate first .
move to Maxcy Green , but go through the Simmons Quadrangle first .
move to Littlefield Hall , but go through the List Art Building first .
move to Robinson Gate , but go through the Idee di pietra first .
move to J.W. Wilson , but go through the Prince Engineering Lab first .
move to Maxcy Green , but go through the Minden Hall first .
move to Arnold Laboratory , but go through the Prospect House first .
move to Caswell Hall , but go through the Watson Center for Information Technology first .
move to Maddock Alumni  , but go through the Urban Environmental Lab first .
move to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity , but go through the Hegeman first .
move to Arnold Laboratory , but go through the Marcus Aurelius first .
move to Hope College , but go through the Lincoln Field Building first .
move to The Ivy Room , but go through the Soldiers Memorial Gate first .
move to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity , but go through the Brown University first .
move to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate , but go through the Brown Bear first .
move to Lincoln Field Building , but go through the Lippit House first .
move to Lincoln Field Building , but go through the Maxcy Green first .
move to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity , but go through the Brown Center for Students of Color first .
move to Littlefield Hall , but go through the Quiet Green first .
move to Sayles Hall , but go through the College Green first .
move to Carrie Tower , but go through the List Art Building first .
move to Wilbour Hall , but go through the 86 Waterman  first .
move to 86 Waterman  , but go through the Littlefield Hall first .
move to Campus Market , but go through the John Hay Library first .
move to Sharpe Refectory , but go through the Casey Shearer Memorial first .
move to Watson Center for Information Technology , but go through the Wayland first .
move to Friedman Hall , but go through the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop first .
move to Mencoff Hall , but go through the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop first .
move to Prospect House , but go through the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall first .
go to Gardner House through the Quiet Green .
go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop through the Maxcy Hall .
go to Watson Center for Information Technology through the Brown University .
go to War Memorial through the Rhode Island Hall .
go to BERT through the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to Kassar House through the Finlandia .
go to Gardner House through the Brown Bear .
go to John Hay Library through the Brown University Sciences Library .
go to Barus Building through the Lot 17 .
go to Maxcy Green through the Horace Mann House .
go to Manning through the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to Gardner House through the Hope College .
go to Brown University Sciences Library through the Horace Mann House .
go to Maxcy Green through the Sears .
go to Lincoln Field Building through the Citizen's Bank .
go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ through the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to J.W. Wilson through the John Hay Library .
go to The Ivy Room through the Class of 1872 Gate .
go to Sears through the Marcus Aurelius .
go to Watson Center for Information Technology through the Saint Stephens Church .
go to Prince Engineering Lab through the Maxcy Green .
go to Metcalf Research Building through the Maxcy Green .
go to Arnold Laboratory through the Van Wickle Gates .
go to Lippit House through the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to Lot 18 through the Finlandia .
go to Untitled Lamp/Bear through the Class of 1887 Gate .
go to Brown Bear through the Wriston Quad .
go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall through the P-131317 .
go to Citizen's Bank through the Maddock Alumni  .
go to Finlandia through the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to Hope College through the Marcus Aurelius .
go to P-131317 through the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to Medical Research Lab through the J.W. Wilson .
go to Van Wickle Gates through the John Carter Brown Library .
go to Brown Bear through the Hughes Court .
go to Lot 18 through the Van Wickle Gates .
go to John Carter Brown Library through the Class of 1887 Gate .
go to John Hay Library through the Littlefield Hall .
go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology through the The Ivy Room .
go to Rockefeller Library through the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to Shirley Miller House through the Lippit House .
go to Swearer Center for Public Service through the Lot 76 .
go to Littlefield Hall through the Prince Engineering Lab .
go to Manning through the Marston Hall .
go to Maxcy Green through the Slavery Memorial .
go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop through the Rhode Island Hall .
go to Citizen's Bank through the Rockefeller Library .
go to Hope College through the Rockefeller Library .
go to Lot 17 through the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to Blue Room through the List Art Building .
go to BERT through the Sayles Hall .
go to Metcalf Research Building through the Kassar House .
go to Brown Bear through the Lyman Hall .
go to University Hall through the Prospect House .
go to Idee di pietra through the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to J.W. Wilson through the Robinson Gate .
go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop through the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to Urban Environmental Lab through the Campus Market .
go to The Ivy Room through the Lot 18 .
go to Barus Building through the Idee di pietra .
go through the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop to Marston Hall .
go through the Maddock Alumni  to John Hay Library .
go through the Circle Dance Sculpture to Brown Center for Students of Color .
go through the Hope College to Littlefield Hall .
go through the Carrie Tower to Van Wickle Gates .
go through the William Goddard Memorial Gate to Mencoff Hall .
go through the Urban Environmental Lab to War Memorial .
go through the P-131317 to BERT .
go through the William Goddard Memorial Gate to Maxcy Green .
go through the Sharpe Refectory to Blue Room .
go through the Lot 76 to Minden Hall .
go through the Robinson Gate to Minden Hall .
go through the Salomon Center for Teaching to Watson Center for Information Technology .
go through the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ to Casey Shearer Memorial .
go through the Prince Engineering Lab to John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go through the Norwood House to Wilbour Hall .
go through the Maxcy Green to Starbucks .
go through the Untitled Lamp/Bear to List Art Building .
go through the Wayland to 86 Waterman  .
go through the List Art Building to Brown Center for Students of Color .
go through the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ to List Art Building .
go through the Salomon Center for Teaching to John Hay Library .
go through the Faunce House to John Carter Brown Library .
go through the Faunce House to Lippit House .
go through the Quiet Green to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go through the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go through the Idee di pietra to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go through the Brown Bear to Marston Hall .
go through the Marcus Aurelius to 67 George .
go through the John Hay Library to Maddock Alumni  .
go through the Mencoff Hall to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go through the Norwood House to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go through the List Art Building to Rockefeller Library .
go through the Maxcy Hall to Medical Research Lab .
go through the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ to Urban Environmental Lab .
go through the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go through the Lippit House to Maxcy Green .
go through the Faunce House to Hope College .
go through the Class of 1872 Gate to Brown University Sciences Library .
go through the Circle Dance Sculpture to College Green .
go through the Medical Research Lab to Metcalf Research Building .
go through the Marston Hall to Norwood House .
go through the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity to Maxcy Hall .
go through the Wriston Quad to Wayland .
go through the Finlandia to BERT .
go through the Brown University to Marston Hall .
go through the Soldiers Memorial Gate to Manning .
go through the John Carter Brown Library to Manning .
go through the Robinson Gate to Marcus Aurelius .
go through the Urban Environmental Lab to Sharpe Refectory .
go to the Swearer Center for Public Service and then to John Hay Library .
go to the Gardner House and then to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to the Quiet Green and then to P-131317 .
go to the Lincoln Field Building and then to Manning .
go to the Lot 18 and then to Prince Engineering Lab .
go to the University Hall and then to Wriston Quad .
go to the Class of 1887 Gate and then to Finlandia .
go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate and then to Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to the Metcalf Research Building and then to Class of 1872 Gate .
go to the Wilbour Hall and then to Hegeman .
go to the Lincoln Field Building and then to Littlefield Hall .
go to the Wilbour Hall and then to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to the Robinson Hall and then to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to the John Carter Brown Library and then to Maddock Alumni  .
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity and then to William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to the Caswell Hall and then to Friedman Hall .
go to the Swearer Center for Public Service and then to Littlefield Hall .
go to the John Hay Library and then to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to the Saint Stephens Church and then to Prospect House .
go to the Walter Hall and then to Manning .
go to the Saint Stephens Church and then to Wriston Quad .
go to the Lot 76 and then to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to the Urban Environmental Lab and then to Brown University Sciences Library .
go to the Slater Hall and then to BERT .
go to the Casey Shearer Memorial and then to Finlandia .
go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear and then to Simmons Quadrangle .
go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate and then to Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to the Maxcy Hall and then to Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to the Casey Shearer Memorial and then to Marston Hall .
go to the Simmons Quadrangle and then to Blue Room .
go to the Faunce House and then to Barus Building .
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color and then to College Green .
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching and then to Arnold Laboratory .
go to the Caswell Hall and then to Kassar House .
go to the Prince Engineering Lab and then to Barus Building .
go to the Campus Market and then to Hegeman .
go to the Quiet Green and then to Blue Room .
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop and then to Citizen's Bank .
go to the Caswell Hall and then to Hegeman .
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ and then to Prince Engineering Lab .
go to the Wriston Quad and then to Friedman Hall .
go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate and then to Shirley Miller House .
go to the Prospect House and then to Mencoff Hall .
go to the Walter Hall and then to P-131317 .
go to the Idee di pietra and then to P-131317 .
go to the Blue Room and then to Maxcy Hall .
go to the Hegeman and then to Maxcy Green .
go to the Lyman Hall and then to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to the Caswell Hall and then to War Memorial .
go to the Class of 1887 Gate and then to Starbucks .
go to the Brown University Sciences Library and then to List Art Building .
go to the Friedman Hall and then to John Carter Brown Library .
go to the Maxcy Green and then to Brown Bear .
go to the Campus Market and then to Sears .
go to the Quiet Green and then to Starbucks .
move to Van Wickle Gates , but travel to the Blue Room first .
move to Arnold Laboratory , but travel to the Maxcy Green first .
move to Salomon Center for Teaching , but travel to the Caswell Hall first .
move to Minden Hall , but travel to the Wriston Quad first .
move to Hope College , but travel to the Blue Room first .
move to Arnold Laboratory , but travel to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop first .
move to University Hall , but travel to the Slater Hall first .
move to Lippit House , but travel to the Horace Mann House first .
move to Hegeman , but travel to the Maxcy Hall first .
move to Lot 17 , but travel to the John Nicholas Brown Gate first .
move to 67 George , but travel to the Wriston Quad first .
move to University Hall , but travel to the Campus Market first .
move to Lyman Hall , but travel to the William Goddard Memorial Gate first .
move to Lot 76 , but travel to the Saint Stephens Church first .
move to Brown University , but travel to the Manning first .
move to Walter Hall , but travel to the Campus Market first .
move to Watson Center for Information Technology , but travel to the Starbucks first .
move to College Green , but travel to the Lot 76 first .
move to Quiet Green , but travel to the Lyman Hall first .
move to Slavery Memorial , but travel to the Norwood House first .
move to Idee di pietra , but travel to the Sharpe Refectory first .
move to BERT , but travel to the Circle Dance Sculpture first .
move to Walter Hall , but travel to the Brown University first .
move to Blue Room , but travel to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate first .
move to Shirley Miller House , but travel to the Campus Market first .
move to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences , but travel to the Swearer Center for Public Service first .
move to Untitled Lamp/Bear , but travel to the Hughes Court first .
move to Shirley Miller House , but travel to the Carrie Tower first .
move to Campus Market , but travel to the Manning first .
move to War Memorial , but travel to the John Carter Brown Library first .
move to Van Wickle Gates , but travel to the Rockefeller Library first .
move to Shirley Miller House , but travel to the Arnold Laboratory first .
move to Metcalf Research Building , but travel to the Robinson Gate first .
move to P-131317 , but travel to the Medical Research Lab first .
move to Blue Room , but travel to the Campus Market first .
move to Manning , but travel to the John Hay Library first .
move to Robinson Hall , but travel to the Saint Stephens Church first .
move to Hegeman , but travel to the Kassar House first .
move to Watson Center for Information Technology , but travel to the Hegeman first .
move to Citizen's Bank , but travel to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop first .
move to Brown Bear , but travel to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall first .
move to Class of 1872 Gate , but travel to the Lincoln Field Building first .
move to Idee di pietra , but travel to the Lincoln Field Building first .
move to Lyman Hall , but travel to the Gardner House first .
move to Robinson Hall , but travel to the Kassar House first .
move to Finlandia , but travel to the University Hall first .
move to Van Wickle Gates , but travel to the Minden Hall first .
move to Robinson Hall , but travel to the Slater Hall first .
move to Faunce House , but travel to the Citizen's Bank first .
move to Salomon Center for Teaching , but travel to the Marcus Aurelius first .
move to BERT , but travel to the Rockefeller Library first .
move to Hope College , but travel to the Robinson Hall first .
move to Marston Hall , but travel to the Sears first .
go from the BERT to Shirley Miller House .
go from the Saint Stephens Church to Faunce House .
go from the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences to Van Wickle Gates .
go from the Campus Market to Manning .
go from the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall to Campus Market .
go from the Hegeman to Saint Stephens Church .
go from the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate to Hughes Court .
go from the Saint Stephens Church to List Art Building .
go from the Finlandia to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go from the Blue Room to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go from the Gardner House to John Hay Library .
go from the P-131317 to Hope College .
go from the Caswell Hall to Maddock Alumni  .
go from the Metcalf Research Building to Robinson Hall .
go from the Metcalf Research Building to P-131317 .
go from the Lot 76 to Minden Hall .
go from the John Carter Brown Library to Campus Market .
go from the Campus Market to Kassar House .
go from the Swearer Center for Public Service to Sears .
go from the Prospect House to Medical Research Lab .
go from the Casey Shearer Memorial to Slavery Memorial .
go from the Sharpe Refectory to Finlandia .
go from the Sayles Hall to Lippit House .
go from the List Art Building to Watson Center for Information Technology .
go from the Mencoff Hall to John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go from the Lippit House to Casey Shearer Memorial .
go from the Sayles Hall to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go from the J.W. Wilson to BERT .
go from the Faunce House to Maxcy Green .
go from the List Art Building to Blue Room .
go from the Slavery Memorial to John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go from the Rockefeller Library to Marston Hall .
go from the Brown University Sciences Library to The Ivy Room .
go from the William Goddard Memorial Gate to Sears .
go from the Brown Center for Students of Color to Mencoff Hall .
go from the Brown Center for Students of Color to Brown Bear .
go from the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences to J.W. Wilson .
go from the Swearer Center for Public Service to Gardner House .
go from the Norwood House to University Hall .
go from the Lincoln Field Building to Minden Hall .
go from the Wriston Quad to BERT .
go from the Sayles Hall to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go from the Brown University to Metcalf Research Building .
go from the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go from the Robinson Hall to 67 George .
go from the Robinson Gate to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go from the Urban Environmental Lab to P-131317 .
go from the Horace Mann House to J.W. Wilson .
go from the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop to The Ivy Room .
go from the Sears to Norwood House .
go from the Slavery Memorial to Van Wickle Gates .
go from the Idee di pietra to Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to Hope College through the 67 George
go to Rockefeller Library through the Walter Hall
go to Gardner House through the Brown University Sciences Library
go to Faunce House through the Slavery Memorial
go to Maddock Alumni  through the Prince Engineering Lab
go to Manning through the Lyman Hall
go to Maddock Alumni  through the John Carter Brown Library
go to Minden Hall through the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop
go to Urban Environmental Lab through the John Carter Brown Library
go to Class of 1872 Gate through the Lippit House
go to John Carter Brown Library through the Norwood House
go to John Hay Library through the Brown Center for Students of Color
go to Untitled Lamp/Bear through the Shirley Miller House
go to Lot 76 through the Lyman Hall
go to Quiet Green through the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority
go to List Art Building through the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority
go to William Goddard Memorial Gate through the Wriston Quad
go to War Memorial through the Carrie Tower
go to John Hay Library through the Lot 76
go to Sears through the Urban Environmental Lab
go to BERT through the Lot 17
go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall through the Robinson Gate
go to Lot 17 through the Class of 1872 Gate
go to Littlefield Hall through the Brown Bear
go to Horace Mann House through the Norwood House
go to Brown University Sciences Library through the Swearer Center for Public Service
go to Citizen's Bank through the Faunce House
go to P-131317 through the Rhode Island Hall
go to P-131317 through the Medical Research Lab
go to College Green through the Casey Shearer Memorial
go to Hughes Court through the Arnold Laboratory
go to University Hall through the Walter Hall
go to Starbucks through the Prospect House
go to Slavery Memorial through the Carrie Tower
go to John Hay Library through the Maddock Alumni 
go to Idee di pietra through the Slater Hall
go to Saint Stephens Church through the Maxcy Hall
go to J.W. Wilson through the Marston Hall
go to Wilbour Hall through the P-131317
go to Quiet Green through the Slavery Memorial
go to Casey Shearer Memorial through the Hope College
go to Brown Center for Students of Color through the Lippit House
go to Sayles Hall through the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop
go to Brown University through the Urban Environmental Lab
go to Swearer Center for Public Service through the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ
go to J.W. Wilson through the Circle Dance Sculpture
go to Soldiers Memorial Gate through the Prince Engineering Lab
go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ through the Kassar House
go to Simmons Quadrangle through the Finlandia
go to Untitled Lamp/Bear through the Arnold Laboratory
go to Class of 1887 Gate through the Gardner House
go to List Art Building through the P-131317
go to Barus Building through the Brown Bear
go to John Hay Library through the Caswell Hall
go to Prospect House through the Brown University Sciences Library
go to Casey Shearer Memorial through the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate
go to Lot 18 through the Class of 1887 Gate
go to Maxcy Hall through the Circle Dance Sculpture
go to Brown University through the Hegeman
go to Van Wickle Gates through the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority
go to Rhode Island Hall through the Carrie Tower
go to Watson Center for Information Technology through the Wilbour Hall
go to Brown University Sciences Library through the 86 Waterman 
go to Norwood House through the Rockefeller Library
go to Campus Market through the Rhode Island Hall
go to Citizen's Bank through the Idee di pietra
go to Rhode Island Hall through the Swearer Center for Public Service
go to Citizen's Bank through the Wayland
go to Robinson Hall through the Maxcy Green
go to Brown University Sciences Library through the Untitled Lamp/Bear
go to Lyman Hall through the Shirley Miller House
go to Salomon Center for Teaching through the Wilbour Hall
go to Lincoln Field Building through the Sayles Hall
go to Kassar House through the Wilbour Hall
go to Hughes Court through the John Hay Library
go to Lot 17 through the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences
go to Campus Market through the BERT
go to Brown Center for Students of Color through the University Hall
go to Shirley Miller House through the Robinson Hall
go to Slavery Memorial through the Simmons Quadrangle
go to Lincoln Field Building through the Prince Engineering Lab
go to John Carter Brown Library through the Gardner House
go to Lot 17 through the Littlefield Hall
go to Kassar House through the Norwood House
go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate through the Norwood House
go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate through the University Hall
go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority through the Lot 76
go to Lot 17 through the Medical Research Lab
go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority through the Campus Market
go to List Art Building through the Wriston Quad
go to Urban Environmental Lab through the Manning
go to Brown Bear through the Walter Hall
go to Untitled Lamp/Bear through the Marcus Aurelius
go to Van Wickle Gates through the Hope College
go to Hope College through the Finlandia
go to Barus Building through the Wriston Quad
go to Class of 1887 Gate through the Brown Bear
go to Lot 76 through the Marcus Aurelius
go to Brown University through the Friedman Hall
go to Blue Room through the Minden Hall
go to Arnold Laboratory through the Robinson Gate
go to Rhode Island Hall through the College Green
go to Littlefield Hall through the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity
go to Robinson Hall through the Gardner House
go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity through the Slavery Memorial
go to Sayles Hall through the Maddock Alumni 
go to Brown University through the P-131317
go to Maxcy Green through the Sears
go to Saint Stephens Church through the P-131317
go to College Green through the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity
go to Lippit House through the Wriston Quad
go to Maxcy Green through the William Goddard Memorial Gate
go to John Hay Library through the Wilbour Hall
go to Wayland through the John Hay Library
go to Lot 18 through the War Memorial
go to Sears through the Lincoln Field Building
go to Hope College through the Marcus Aurelius
go to Hughes Court and then to Lot 18
go to 67 George and then to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate
go to Metcalf Research Building and then to Manning
go to Friedman Hall and then to Wilbour Hall
go to Swearer Center for Public Service and then to Hegeman
go to University Hall and then to Sayles Hall
go to Lot 17 and then to Sayles Hall
go to Maxcy Hall and then to Idee di pietra
go to Slavery Memorial and then to Class of 1887 Gate
go to Horace Mann House and then to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop
go to Mencoff Hall and then to Slavery Memorial
go to Caswell Hall and then to Norwood House
go to Circle Dance Sculpture and then to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop
go to Rockefeller Library and then to Maddock Alumni 
go to Casey Shearer Memorial and then to J.W. Wilson
go to Van Wickle Gates and then to Wriston Quad
go to John Hay Library and then to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate
go to Carrie Tower and then to Lincoln Field Building
go to Lot 18 and then to Norwood House
go to Arnold Laboratory and then to Faunce House
go to Brown Bear and then to Shirley Miller House
go to John Carter Brown Library and then to Robinson Hall
go to Littlefield Hall and then to Hughes Court
go to Robinson Hall and then to Circle Dance Sculpture
go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences and then to Van Wickle Gates
go to Van Wickle Gates and then to University Hall
go to Maxcy Hall and then to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate
go to Metcalf Research Building and then to Marston Hall
go to Rhode Island Hall and then to Saint Stephens Church
go to Slater Hall and then to Lippit House
go to Wayland and then to Robinson Hall
go to Mencoff Hall and then to Maddock Alumni 
go to War Memorial and then to Untitled Lamp/Bear
go to Robinson Hall and then to Starbucks
go to Hughes Court and then to Class of 1872 Gate
go to Saint Stephens Church and then to BERT
go to Slavery Memorial and then to Faunce House
go to Lippit House and then to Arnold Laboratory
go to Rhode Island Hall and then to 86 Waterman 
go to Swearer Center for Public Service and then to Watson Center for Information Technology
go to Metcalf Research Building and then to Wriston Quad
go to Finlandia and then to Maxcy Green
go to John Carter Brown Library and then to Minden Hall
go to Blue Room and then to William Goddard Memorial Gate
go to Minden Hall and then to Prince Engineering Lab
go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority and then to Finlandia
go to John Nicholas Brown Gate and then to Lot 17
go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology and then to Lippit House
go to Soldiers Memorial Gate and then to Marston Hall
go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall and then to Brown Center for Students of Color
go to Brown Center for Students of Color and then to Class of 1887 Gate
go through the Norwood House to Minden Hall .
go through the William Goddard Memorial Gate to John Hay Library .
go through the Rockefeller Library to P-131317 .
go through the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity to John Hay Library .
go through the John Hay Library to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go through the Rockefeller Library to Rhode Island Hall .
go through the The Ivy Room to Caswell Hall .
go through the Simmons Quadrangle to Barus Building .
go through the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ to Class of 1887 Gate .
go through the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate to Faunce House .
go through the Carrie Tower to John Carter Brown Library .
go through the Idee di pietra to Maxcy Hall .
go through the Friedman Hall to Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go through the Mencoff Hall to Hope College .
go through the Robinson Hall to John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go through the Brown Bear to Lot 18 .
go through the Brown University to Lincoln Field Building .
go through the Starbucks to Lot 18 .
go through the Hope College to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go through the 86 Waterman  to Simmons Quadrangle .
go through the Slavery Memorial to Simmons Quadrangle .
go through the Wayland to Brown Bear .
go through the Prince Engineering Lab to Robinson Gate .
go through the Lippit House to Sayles Hall .
go through the Casey Shearer Memorial to Arnold Laboratory .
go through the War Memorial to Walter Hall .
go through the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity to The Ivy Room .
go through the Lot 17 to Slavery Memorial .
go through the Quiet Green to College Green .
go through the John Carter Brown Library to P-131317 .
go through the Carrie Tower to Brown University Sciences Library .
go through the 86 Waterman  to Brown Bear .
go through the J.W. Wilson to Barus Building .
go through the Casey Shearer Memorial to Sears .
go through the Horace Mann House to Minden Hall .
go through the Wriston Quad to Idee di pietra .
go through the Lot 76 to Salomon Center for Teaching .
go through the Circle Dance Sculpture to Wayland .
go through the BERT to Campus Market .
go through the Shirley Miller House to John Hay Library .
go through the Circle Dance Sculpture to Walter Hall .
go through the Brown Center for Students of Color to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go through the Caswell Hall to Horace Mann House .
go through the John Hay Library to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go through the J.W. Wilson to Littlefield Hall .
go through the Soldiers Memorial Gate to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go through the P-131317 to Slater Hall .
go through the John Hay Library to Hegeman .
go through the Lippit House to Lyman Hall .
go through the Urban Environmental Lab to Brown Bear .
go through the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ to Kassar House .
go through the Carrie Tower to Maxcy Hall .
go through the Norwood House to Horace Mann House .
go through the Wilbour Hall to Class of 1887 Gate .
go through the List Art Building to Carrie Tower .
go through the Mencoff Hall to Sears .
go through the Metcalf Research Building to Rhode Island Hall .
go to the 67 George before you navigate to William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color before you navigate to Horace Mann House .
go to the J.W. Wilson before you navigate to Wilbour Hall .
go to the Wayland before you navigate to 86 Waterman  .
go to the Lyman Hall before you navigate to Brown Bear .
go to the Class of 1887 Gate before you navigate to Simmons Quadrangle .
go to the Gardner House before you navigate to Class of 1872 Gate .
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity before you navigate to Rhode Island Hall .
go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate before you navigate to Slater Hall .
go to the Citizen's Bank before you navigate to Saint Stephens Church .
go to the Carrie Tower before you navigate to Horace Mann House .
go to the Class of 1887 Gate before you navigate to Arnold Laboratory .
go to the 86 Waterman  before you navigate to Slater Hall .
go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences before you navigate to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to the Lot 17 before you navigate to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to the Metcalf Research Building before you navigate to Marston Hall .
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority before you navigate to Hegeman .
go to the Lyman Hall before you navigate to List Art Building .
go to the Lincoln Field Building before you navigate to Idee di pietra .
go to the Class of 1887 Gate before you navigate to Wayland .
go to the John Carter Brown Library before you navigate to Friedman Hall .
go to the Kassar House before you navigate to Walter Hall .
go to the Idee di pietra before you navigate to J.W. Wilson .
go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology before you navigate to Sears .
go to the Campus Market before you navigate to Starbucks .
go to the Van Wickle Gates before you navigate to Marcus Aurelius .
go to the 86 Waterman  before you navigate to Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Carrie Tower before you navigate to Walter Hall .
go to the Wilbour Hall before you navigate to John Hay Library .
go to the Simmons Quadrangle before you navigate to Metcalf Research Building .
go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate before you navigate to John Hay Library .
go to the Mencoff Hall before you navigate to Marston Hall .
go to the Maxcy Green before you navigate to J.W. Wilson .
go to the Hope College before you navigate to Shirley Miller House .
go to the Simmons Quadrangle before you navigate to Shirley Miller House .
go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear before you navigate to Saint Stephens Church .
go to the Brown Bear before you navigate to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to the Caswell Hall before you navigate to William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to the Wilbour Hall before you navigate to Brown Bear .
go to the Prospect House before you navigate to William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to the List Art Building before you navigate to Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to the Wayland before you navigate to Lot 18 .
go to the The Ivy Room before you navigate to Lyman Hall .
go to the Citizen's Bank before you navigate to John Hay Library .
go to the Van Wickle Gates before you navigate to Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Maxcy Hall before you navigate to Minden Hall .
go to the Quiet Green before you navigate to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to the Brown Bear before you navigate to Metcalf Research Building .
go to the Lot 76 before you navigate to Maddock Alumni  .
go to the Norwood House before you navigate to Mencoff Hall .
go to the Minden Hall before you navigate to Lot 17 .
go to the Medical Research Lab before you navigate to Brown University Sciences Library .
travel to the University Hall and then go to Hughes Court .
travel to the Lot 18 and then go to Metcalf Research Building .
travel to the Citizen's Bank and then go to Horace Mann House .
travel to the Citizen's Bank and then go to Medical Research Lab .
travel to the Untitled Lamp/Bear and then go to John Hay Library .
travel to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity and then go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
travel to the Mencoff Hall and then go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
travel to the Maxcy Green and then go to Citizen's Bank .
travel to the P-131317 and then go to Horace Mann House .
travel to the Lyman Hall and then go to John Nicholas Brown Gate .
travel to the Lot 18 and then go to The Ivy Room .
travel to the Shirley Miller House and then go to Sayles Hall .
travel to the John Nicholas Brown Gate and then go to Campus Market .
travel to the Barus Building and then go to List Art Building .
travel to the College Green and then go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
travel to the The Ivy Room and then go to William Goddard Memorial Gate .
travel to the Marston Hall and then go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
travel to the Van Wickle Gates and then go to Wriston Quad .
travel to the Arnold Laboratory and then go to The Ivy Room .
travel to the Circle Dance Sculpture and then go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
travel to the Kassar House and then go to Metcalf Research Building .
travel to the Lot 18 and then go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
travel to the Brown Bear and then go to Wayland .
travel to the John Nicholas Brown Gate and then go to 67 George .
travel to the Metcalf Research Building and then go to Hope College .
travel to the Lyman Hall and then go to Sears .
travel to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop and then go to Brown Bear .
travel to the Watson Center for Information Technology and then go to Carrie Tower .
travel to the Brown Bear and then go to Sears .
travel to the Lot 17 and then go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
travel to the J.W. Wilson and then go to Prospect House .
travel to the John Hay Library and then go to Lippit House .
travel to the Class of 1872 Gate and then go to Hughes Court .
travel to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall and then go to Sharpe Refectory .
travel to the Brown Center for Students of Color and then go to Mencoff Hall .
travel to the Sharpe Refectory and then go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
travel to the Norwood House and then go to Blue Room .
travel to the Brown University Sciences Library and then go to Hope College .
travel to the Class of 1872 Gate and then go to Class of 1887 Gate .
travel to the Lot 18 and then go to Maddock Alumni  .
travel to the Brown University and then go to Shirley Miller House .
travel to the Quiet Green and then go to Untitled Lamp/Bear .
travel to the Lippit House and then go to Faunce House .
travel to the John Hay Library and then go to J.W. Wilson .
travel to the Urban Environmental Lab and then go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
travel to the Slater Hall and then go to Rhode Island Hall .
travel to the Wriston Quad and then go to Prince Engineering Lab .
travel to the Saint Stephens Church and then go to Marcus Aurelius .
travel to the Soldiers Memorial Gate and then go to Kassar House .
travel to the John Nicholas Brown Gate and then go to Van Wickle Gates .
travel to the Slavery Memorial and then go to Blue Room .
travel to the Wilbour Hall and then go to Slavery Memorial .
travel to the Idee di pietra and then go to Littlefield Hall .
travel to the 86 Waterman  and then go to Brown Bear .
travel to the Sayles Hall and then go to Hegeman .
go to the Lot 17 and then to Simmons Quadrangle .
go to the Sharpe Refectory and then to Urban Environmental Lab .
go to the Casey Shearer Memorial and then to Maxcy Green .
go to the Shirley Miller House and then to Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to the Wilbour Hall and then to Minden Hall .
go to the Sayles Hall and then to Van Wickle Gates .
go to the P-131317 and then to John Hay Library .
go to the Kassar House and then to John Hay Library .
go to the Maxcy Green and then to Blue Room .
go to the Finlandia and then to Marston Hall .
go to the Maxcy Green and then to John Hay Library .
go to the John Hay Library and then to Robinson Gate .
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity and then to University Hall .
go to the Kassar House and then to 86 Waterman  .
go to the Minden Hall and then to Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to the Lot 76 and then to Walter Hall .
go to the Faunce House and then to Carrie Tower .
go to the List Art Building and then to Wriston Quad .
go to the Brown Bear and then to Starbucks .
go to the Class of 1872 Gate and then to Lyman Hall .
go to the Class of 1872 Gate and then to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color and then to Caswell Hall .
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ and then to Starbucks .
go to the Casey Shearer Memorial and then to Hughes Court .
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ and then to Campus Market .
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching and then to War Memorial .
go to the Starbucks and then to Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to the Quiet Green and then to Sayles Hall .
go to the Mencoff Hall and then to Van Wickle Gates .
go to the John Hay Library and then to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to the Manning and then to Wayland .
go to the BERT and then to Wayland .
go to the P-131317 and then to Slavery Memorial .
go to the Hughes Court and then to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to the Prospect House and then to Maxcy Hall .
go to the Rockefeller Library and then to Friedman Hall .
go to the Maxcy Green and then to Hope College .
go to the Class of 1887 Gate and then to Barus Building .
go to the Sears and then to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to the P-131317 and then to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to the Maddock Alumni  and then to Quiet Green .
go to the Barus Building and then to Minden Hall .
go to the Finlandia and then to William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to the Caswell Hall and then to Class of 1887 Gate .
go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate and then to John Carter Brown Library .
go to the Quiet Green and then to Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Starbucks and then to Citizen's Bank .
go to the Circle Dance Sculpture and then to Metcalf Research Building .
go to the Barus Building and then to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to the Van Wickle Gates and then to Class of 1872 Gate .
go to the 67 George and then to Maxcy Green .
go to the Swearer Center for Public Service and then to Simmons Quadrangle .
go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear and then to Robinson Hall .
go to the Quiet Green and then to Littlefield Hall .
go to the University Hall and then to Brown Bear .
go to the Marston Hall and then to Slavery Memorial .
go to the Rhode Island Hall and then head to List Art Building .
go to the John Hay Library and then head to Sharpe Refectory .
go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate and then head to Saint Stephens Church .
go to the P-131317 and then head to Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Brown Bear and then head to Horace Mann House .
go to the War Memorial and then head to Van Wickle Gates .
go to the 67 George and then head to Wriston Quad .
go to the Casey Shearer Memorial and then head to Lippit House .
go to the Lincoln Field Building and then head to Citizen's Bank .
go to the Maddock Alumni  and then head to Maxcy Hall .
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology and then head to Simmons Quadrangle .
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ and then head to Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to the Class of 1872 Gate and then head to Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to the Walter Hall and then head to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate and then head to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ and then head to The Ivy Room .
go to the Sharpe Refectory and then head to John Carter Brown Library .
go to the Hope College and then head to Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to the Hughes Court and then head to Sharpe Refectory .
go to the Starbucks and then head to 67 George .
go to the Finlandia and then head to Sharpe Refectory .
go to the 86 Waterman  and then head to William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to the The Ivy Room and then head to Brown University .
go to the Medical Research Lab and then head to Hughes Court .
go to the Citizen's Bank and then head to Sears .
go to the Hughes Court and then head to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to the Maxcy Green and then head to Carrie Tower .
go to the Starbucks and then head to Friedman Hall .
go to the Maxcy Hall and then head to Saint Stephens Church .
go to the Brown Bear and then head to Norwood House .
go to the Lippit House and then head to Rhode Island Hall .
go to the Van Wickle Gates and then head to Urban Environmental Lab .
go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences and then head to Prospect House .
go to the Sears and then head to Barus Building .
go to the Shirley Miller House and then head to Starbucks .
go to the Sayles Hall and then head to Brown University .
go to the List Art Building and then head to Quiet Green .
go to the Littlefield Hall and then head to Brown Bear .
go to the Barus Building and then head to Hope College .
go to the John Carter Brown Library and then head to Marcus Aurelius .
go to the Hughes Court and then head to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to the Swearer Center for Public Service and then head to Friedman Hall .
go to the Maxcy Green and then head to John Hay Library .
go to the Lippit House and then head to Wayland .
go to the Maxcy Green and then head to Robinson Hall .
go to the Minden Hall and then head to Quiet Green .
go to the Finlandia and then head to Brown University Sciences Library .
go to the Starbucks and then head to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to the Finlandia and then head to Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to the Prince Engineering Lab and then head to Lot 18 .
go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate and then head to Marston Hall .
go to the Quiet Green and then head to Mencoff Hall .
go to the Maxcy Green and then head to William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to the Starbucks and then head to College Green .
go to the John Hay Library and then head to BERT .
go to the Citizen's Bank and then head to Marston Hall .
go to the Wriston Quad and then head to Quiet Green .
navigate to The Ivy Room through the University Hall .
navigate to War Memorial through the Saint Stephens Church .
navigate to Brown Center for Students of Color through the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
navigate to Campus Market through the John Carter Brown Library .
navigate to Brown Bear through the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
navigate to Van Wickle Gates through the Carrie Tower .
navigate to Minden Hall through the Finlandia .
navigate to John Nicholas Brown Gate through the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
navigate to Maxcy Green through the Shirley Miller House .
navigate to Maxcy Hall through the Rockefeller Library .
navigate to Lippit House through the Maddock Alumni  .
navigate to Slavery Memorial through the Lot 76 .
navigate to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences through the Carrie Tower .
navigate to John Nicholas Brown Gate through the Saint Stephens Church .
navigate to Prince Engineering Lab through the Slavery Memorial .
navigate to Quiet Green through the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
navigate to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority through the Saint Stephens Church .
navigate to Untitled Lamp/Bear through the Brown Bear .
navigate to Saint Stephens Church through the Prospect House .
navigate to Lippit House through the Prospect House .
navigate to Finlandia through the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
navigate to Sharpe Refectory through the Marston Hall .
navigate to Shirley Miller House through the Lincoln Field Building .
navigate to Van Wickle Gates through the Walter Hall .
navigate to Wayland through the Rhode Island Hall .
navigate to Lot 76 through the John Hay Library .
navigate to Gardner House through the University Hall .
navigate to P-131317 through the Finlandia .
navigate to Marston Hall through the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
navigate to Campus Market through the Hope College .
navigate to BERT through the Brown Bear .
navigate to Maxcy Green through the Citizen's Bank .
navigate to Circle Dance Sculpture through the Caswell Hall .
navigate to Gardner House through the Sharpe Refectory .
navigate to John Carter Brown Library through the Maxcy Hall .
navigate to Untitled Lamp/Bear through the Wilbour Hall .
navigate to 86 Waterman  through the John Carter Brown Library .
navigate to Brown University through the Friedman Hall .
navigate to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority through the Caswell Hall .
navigate to Walter Hall through the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
navigate to Brown Bear through the Quiet Green .
navigate to Lippit House through the J.W. Wilson .
navigate to Slavery Memorial through the Maddock Alumni  .
navigate to Maddock Alumni  through the Wriston Quad .
navigate to William Goddard Memorial Gate through the Mencoff Hall .
navigate to Idee di pietra through the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
navigate to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences through the University Hall .
navigate to Slater Hall through the Campus Market .
navigate to Sayles Hall through the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
navigate to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall through the Class of 1887 Gate .
navigate to Saint Stephens Church through the Horace Mann House .
navigate to University Hall through the Lot 76 .
navigate to William Goddard Memorial Gate through the Class of 1872 Gate .
navigate to Finlandia through the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
navigate to P-131317 through the War Memorial .
navigate to Salomon Center for Teaching through the Shirley Miller House .
go to Maddock Alumni  . then go directly to Slater Hall
go to Campus Market . then go directly to Wayland
go to Lot 18 . then go directly to Slavery Memorial
go to Norwood House . then go directly to Prospect House
go to Hegeman . then go directly to Maddock Alumni 
go to Van Wickle Gates . then go directly to Campus Market
go to Lot 17 . then go directly to The Ivy Room
go to William Goddard Memorial Gate . then go directly to Swearer Center for Public Service
go to Minden Hall . then go directly to Robinson Hall
go to Caswell Hall . then go directly to John Hay Library
go to Barus Building . then go directly to Van Wickle Gates
go to Brown Bear . then go directly to Manning
go to Metcalf Research Building . then go directly to Sharpe Refectory
go to Maxcy Green . then go directly to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall
go to Hughes Court . then go directly to College Green
go to Brown Bear . then go directly to Norwood House
go to John Nicholas Brown Gate . then go directly to The Ivy Room
go to Littlefield Hall . then go directly to Starbucks
go to Kassar House . then go directly to J.W. Wilson
go to Barus Building . then go directly to Soldiers Memorial Gate
go to Friedman Hall . then go directly to 67 George
go to Robinson Hall . then go directly to Hegeman
go to Maxcy Green . then go directly to Class of 1887 Gate
go to John Nicholas Brown Gate . then go directly to War Memorial
go to Gardner House . then go directly to Wriston Quad
go to College Green . then go directly to Brown Bear
go to Soldiers Memorial Gate . then go directly to Lot 76
go to Untitled Lamp/Bear . then go directly to Horace Mann House
go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority . then go directly to Caswell Hall
go to Rockefeller Library . then go directly to Mencoff Hall
go to Citizen's Bank . then go directly to Medical Research Lab
go to Starbucks . then go directly to P-131317
go to Mencoff Hall . then go directly to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority
go to Prospect House . then go directly to Class of 1872 Gate
go to Wayland . then go directly to Faunce House
go to College Green . then go directly to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ
go to Rockefeller Library . then go directly to Swearer Center for Public Service
go to Brown Bear . then go directly to John Carter Brown Library
go to Van Wickle Gates . then go directly to Hope College
go to 67 George . then go directly to Lippit House
go to Marston Hall . then go directly to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall
go to 67 George . then go directly to Slater Hall
go to Lyman Hall . then go directly to Blue Room
go to Lincoln Field Building . then go directly to Shirley Miller House
go to Citizen's Bank . then go directly to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority
go to P-131317 . then go directly to John Nicholas Brown Gate
go to P-131317 . then go directly to Gardner House
go to Lincoln Field Building . then go directly to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ
go to Lippit House . then go directly to Lot 17
go to Campus Market . then go directly to Citizen's Bank
go to John Nicholas Brown Gate . then go directly to Swearer Center for Public Service
go to J.W. Wilson . then go directly to Swearer Center for Public Service
go to Marston Hall . then go directly to Gardner House
go to The Ivy Room . then go directly to Wilbour Hall
go to Rockefeller Library . then go directly to Citizen's Bank
go to Class of 1887 Gate . then go directly to Slavery Memorial
go to Medical Research Lab . then go directly to Citizen's Bank
go to the Hughes Court then go to Friedman Hall .
go to the Carrie Tower then go to John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to the Slater Hall then go to Brown Bear .
go to the Lincoln Field Building then go to Caswell Hall .
go to the The Ivy Room then go to Rockefeller Library .
go to the Simmons Quadrangle then go to Kassar House .
go to the BERT then go to Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to the Lincoln Field Building then go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate then go to Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to the Saint Stephens Church then go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority then go to Faunce House .
go to the Prospect House then go to Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to the Manning then go to College Green .
go to the Citizen's Bank then go to Robinson Gate .
go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate then go to Brown Bear .
go to the Wilbour Hall then go to Slavery Memorial .
go to the List Art Building then go to Sayles Hall .
go to the Lot 17 then go to Simmons Quadrangle .
go to the Casey Shearer Memorial then go to Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to the University Hall then go to Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Brown Bear then go to College Green .
go to the Sears then go to Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Van Wickle Gates then go to Prospect House .
go to the Idee di pietra then go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate then go to Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Slavery Memorial then go to Prospect House .
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall then go to Class of 1887 Gate .
go to the Gardner House then go to Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to the University Hall then go to Campus Market .
go to the Sears then go to Class of 1887 Gate .
go to the Simmons Quadrangle then go to Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to the Medical Research Lab then go to Robinson Hall .
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate then go to Friedman Hall .
go to the Saint Stephens Church then go to Brown University .
go to the 86 Waterman  then go to Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to the Friedman Hall then go to List Art Building .
go to the University Hall then go to Lippit House .
go to the Hope College then go to 86 Waterman  .
go to the Finlandia then go to Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology then go to Brown University Sciences Library .
go to the Brown Bear then go to Urban Environmental Lab .
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching then go to Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Hegeman then go to 86 Waterman  .
go to the Quiet Green then go to Brown University .
go to the Casey Shearer Memorial then go to Marston Hall .
go to the Wilbour Hall then go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to the Wayland then go to Maxcy Hall .
go to the Brown University then go to Brown Bear .
go to the Wriston Quad then go to Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Lot 17 then go to Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to the Medical Research Lab then go to Carrie Tower .
go to the Starbucks then go to Norwood House .
go to the Walter Hall then go to Shirley Miller House .
go to the Lot 17 then go to Class of 1887 Gate .
go to the Hughes Court then go to Blue Room .
go to the Wayland then go to Littlefield Hall .
go to the Manning then go to College Green .
go to the Starbucks then go The Ivy Room .
go to the The Ivy Room then go Marcus Aurelius .
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate then go Barus Building .
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology then go Faunce House .
go to the Slavery Memorial then go Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to the College Green then go Idee di pietra .
go to the BERT then go Manning .
go to the BERT then go Medical Research Lab .
go to the Manning then go Brown University Sciences Library .
go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear then go Maxcy Green .
go to the Finlandia then go Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to the Campus Market then go War Memorial .
go to the Brown Bear then go John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to the Brown Bear then go Walter Hall .
go to the Horace Mann House then go Lot 18 .
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop then go J.W. Wilson .
go to the Maddock Alumni  then go Slater Hall .
go to the Van Wickle Gates then go Walter Hall .
go to the Friedman Hall then go Sears .
go to the University Hall then go Starbucks .
go to the Sayles Hall then go Shirley Miller House .
go to the List Art Building then go Class of 1872 Gate .
go to the Manning then go Blue Room .
go to the Norwood House then go Urban Environmental Lab .
go to the Robinson Gate then go Sayles Hall .
go to the Carrie Tower then go Hope College .
go to the Sharpe Refectory then go BERT .
go to the Minden Hall then go Blue Room .
go to the Horace Mann House then go Class of 1872 Gate .
go to the Wayland then go John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to the Sayles Hall then go Van Wickle Gates .
go to the P-131317 then go Littlefield Hall .
go to the Medical Research Lab then go Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology then go BERT .
go to the Marston Hall then go The Ivy Room .
go to the Sears then go Wriston Quad .
go to the Barus Building then go Friedman Hall .
go to the Brown Bear then go Rockefeller Library .
go to the Class of 1887 Gate then go Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to the 67 George then go Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to the Maxcy Hall then go Rhode Island Hall .
go to the Wilbour Hall then go Slater Hall .
go to the College Green then go Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to the Swearer Center for Public Service then go Prince Engineering Lab .
go to the Class of 1887 Gate then go Mencoff Hall .
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall then go Faunce House .
go to the Barus Building then go Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to the Wilbour Hall then go Walter Hall .
go to the Lot 17 then go The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to the Idee di pietra then go Sayles Hall .
go to the 86 Waterman  then go Brown Bear .
go to the Kassar House then go Marston Hall .
go to Citizen's Bank via the Hegeman .
go to Swearer Center for Public Service via the Sears .
go to Faunce House via the Slavery Memorial .
go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate via the Brown Bear .
go to Littlefield Hall via the Sayles Hall .
go to Finlandia via the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to Prince Engineering Lab via the J.W. Wilson .
go to Salomon Center for Teaching via the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to William Goddard Memorial Gate via the Shirley Miller House .
go to Gardner House via the Norwood House .
go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority via the Lot 17 .
go to Brown Center for Students of Color via the Wayland .
go to Campus Market via the Sears .
go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate via the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to Robinson Hall via the John Carter Brown Library .
go to Carrie Tower via the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to The Ivy Room via the Walter Hall .
go to Brown University via the Hope College .
go to College Green via the Campus Market .
go to Littlefield Hall via the List Art Building .
go to Sharpe Refectory via the Brown Bear .
go to Swearer Center for Public Service via the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority via the Maddock Alumni  .
go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall via the Van Wickle Gates .
go to Sayles Hall via the Van Wickle Gates .
go to Shirley Miller House via the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to Citizen's Bank via the Slavery Memorial .
go to Metcalf Research Building via the List Art Building .
go to Metcalf Research Building via the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to Lot 17 via the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology via the Prince Engineering Lab .
go to Metcalf Research Building via the Kassar House .
go to Manning via the Blue Room .
go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate via the List Art Building .
go to Lot 76 via the Urban Environmental Lab .
go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ via the Metcalf Research Building .
go to List Art Building via the Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to Maxcy Hall via the Brown Bear .
go to Arnold Laboratory via the Prospect House .
go to Class of 1872 Gate via the Manning .
go to Hughes Court via the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to William Goddard Memorial Gate via the Lot 76 .
go to 67 George via the Medical Research Lab .
go to Gardner House via the 67 George .
go to College Green via the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to Walter Hall via the Faunce House .
go to Faunce House via the Norwood House .
go to Metcalf Research Building via the Wilbour Hall .
go to Casey Shearer Memorial via the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity via the John Hay Library .
go to John Hay Library via the J.W. Wilson .
go to Wayland via the Brown University Sciences Library .
go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop via the Slater Hall .
go to Van Wickle Gates via the Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to University Hall via the Medical Research Lab .
go to Soldiers Memorial Gate via the Lot 76 .
go to Norwood House through the Slavery Memorial .
go to Wriston Quad through the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to Brown Bear through the Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to War Memorial through the Hughes Court .
go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop through the 67 George .
go to Saint Stephens Church through the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to Brown University Sciences Library through the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to Lippit House through the Walter Hall .
go to Van Wickle Gates through the Starbucks .
go to Lot 17 through the Rockefeller Library .
go to Slater Hall through the Metcalf Research Building .
go to Brown Bear through the 86 Waterman  .
go to J.W. Wilson through the John Carter Brown Library .
go to Faunce House through the Robinson Hall .
go to Watson Center for Information Technology through the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to Brown Bear through the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to Slater Hall through the 67 George .
go to J.W. Wilson through the Campus Market .
go to Swearer Center for Public Service through the Sayles Hall .
go to Brown Center for Students of Color through the Saint Stephens Church .
go to Salomon Center for Teaching through the Shirley Miller House .
go to Circle Dance Sculpture through the Norwood House .
go to Lippit House through the Prince Engineering Lab .
go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ through the John Carter Brown Library .
go to Faunce House through the Slavery Memorial .
go to BERT through the Littlefield Hall .
go to Maxcy Hall through the Marcus Aurelius .
go to Medical Research Lab through the List Art Building .
go to Urban Environmental Lab through the Mencoff Hall .
go to Lot 18 through the Simmons Quadrangle .
go to Rockefeller Library through the Brown Bear .
go to Casey Shearer Memorial through the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to Circle Dance Sculpture through the Sayles Hall .
go to Lot 17 through the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to Watson Center for Information Technology through the Citizen's Bank .
go to Sharpe Refectory through the Maxcy Green .
go to Walter Hall through the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to Maxcy Green through the Maxcy Hall .
go to Arnold Laboratory through the Maddock Alumni  .
go to Simmons Quadrangle through the War Memorial .
go to Campus Market through the P-131317 .
go to Wilbour Hall through the Kassar House .
go to 86 Waterman  through the Quiet Green .
go to William Goddard Memorial Gate through the BERT .
go to Campus Market through the Quiet Green .
go to William Goddard Memorial Gate through the Friedman Hall .
go to BERT through the Urban Environmental Lab .
go to P-131317 through the Quiet Green .
go to Slater Hall through the Quiet Green .
go to Saint Stephens Church through the Robinson Hall .
go to Prince Engineering Lab through the Brown Bear .
go to Finlandia through the BERT .
go to Carrie Tower through the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to Lot 17 through the John Carter Brown Library .
go to Friedman Hall through the Brown Bear .
go from War Memorial to Hegeman .
go from Sears to Maddock Alumni  .
go from Simmons Quadrangle to John Carter Brown Library .
go from Wriston Quad to Marcus Aurelius .
go from Slavery Memorial to Lincoln Field Building .
go from Prospect House to Lot 17 .
go from Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences to Wayland .
go from Robinson Hall to Blue Room .
go from GeoChem and Macmillian Hall to Gardner House .
go from Starbucks to Marcus Aurelius .
go from Friedman Hall to Sears .
go from Idee di pietra to Wriston Quad .
go from Circle Dance Sculpture to 67 George .
go from Horace Mann House to Sharpe Refectory .
go from Simmons Quadrangle to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go from Finlandia to Swearer Center for Public Service .
go from Circle Dance Sculpture to Lot 76 .
go from Class of 1872 Gate to Van Wickle Gates .
go from Sharpe Refectory to Horace Mann House .
go from Sharpe Refectory to John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go from Rockefeller Library to The Ivy Room .
go from Marston Hall to Hegeman .
go from Slavery Memorial to Brown Center for Students of Color .
go from Salomon Center for Teaching to Rhode Island Hall .
go from P-131317 to Medical Research Lab .
go from College Green to Horace Mann House .
go from Lincoln Field Building to Class of 1887 Gate .
go from Brown Bear to Hope College .
go from Casey Shearer Memorial to 67 George .
go from Swearer Center for Public Service to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go from Slavery Memorial to Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go from Soldiers Memorial Gate to Sharpe Refectory .
go from Maxcy Hall to Prince Engineering Lab .
go from Finlandia to Quiet Green .
go from Maxcy Green to Idee di pietra .
go from Morgan Witter Rogers Gate to Prospect House .
go from Alpha Chi Omega Sorority to Brown University Sciences Library .
go from Arnold Laboratory to Sharpe Refectory .
go from Lot 76 to Wilbour Hall .
go from Idee di pietra to Maddock Alumni  .
go from Robinson Gate to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go from Simmons Quadrangle to John Carter Brown Library .
go from Slavery Memorial to College Green .
go from Alpha Chi Omega Sorority to Kassar House .
go from Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop to John Hay Library .
go from Watson Center for Information Technology to John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go from Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity to Horace Mann House .
go from GeoChem and Macmillian Hall to BERT .
go from Untitled Lamp/Bear to Casey Shearer Memorial .
go from List Art Building to Shirley Miller House .
go from Quiet Green to Minden Hall .
go from Soldiers Memorial Gate to Metcalf Research Building .
go from Class of 1872 Gate to Walter Hall .
go from Lot 17 to Maddock Alumni  .
navigate to Friedman Hall through the Maddock Alumni  .
navigate to Slavery Memorial through the Van Wickle Gates .
navigate to John Nicholas Brown Gate through the Quiet Green .
navigate to Swearer Center for Public Service through the Medical Research Lab .
navigate to Watson Center for Information Technology through the BERT .
navigate to Circle Dance Sculpture through the Friedman Hall .
navigate to BERT through the Littlefield Hall .
navigate to Swearer Center for Public Service through the Blue Room .
navigate to Class of 1887 Gate through the John Hay Library .
navigate to Marston Hall through the Slater Hall .
navigate to Robinson Gate through the Medical Research Lab .
navigate to William Goddard Memorial Gate through the Brown Center for Students of Color .
navigate to Slavery Memorial through the Marcus Aurelius .
navigate to Slater Hall through the Swearer Center for Public Service .
navigate to Arnold Laboratory through the Sharpe Refectory .
navigate to Starbucks through the Horace Mann House .
navigate to William Goddard Memorial Gate through the University Hall .
navigate to Finlandia through the Prince Engineering Lab .
navigate to Hegeman through the Wilbour Hall .
navigate to Robinson Hall through the Simmons Quadrangle .
navigate to Hegeman through the 86 Waterman  .
navigate to Class of 1887 Gate through the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
navigate to John Hay Library through the Urban Environmental Lab .
navigate to Manning through the Brown Bear .
navigate to Prince Engineering Lab through the Sharpe Refectory .
navigate to Mencoff Hall through the Brown Center for Students of Color .
navigate to Class of 1872 Gate through the Carrie Tower .
navigate to Arnold Laboratory through the Sayles Hall .
navigate to John Hay Library through the Hope College .
navigate to Maddock Alumni  through the Casey Shearer Memorial .
navigate to Finlandia through the Marcus Aurelius .
navigate to Simmons Quadrangle through the Slavery Memorial .
navigate to Carrie Tower through the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
navigate to John Hay Library through the Saint Stephens Church .
navigate to John Nicholas Brown Gate through the Gardner House .
navigate to Untitled Lamp/Bear through the John Hay Library .
navigate to Sharpe Refectory through the Casey Shearer Memorial .
navigate to Blue Room through the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
navigate to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop through the Maxcy Hall .
navigate to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate through the Hegeman .
navigate to 67 George through the Carrie Tower .
navigate to Hegeman through the Citizen's Bank .
navigate to Prospect House through the Urban Environmental Lab .
navigate to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall through the College Green .
navigate to Wayland through the Barus Building .
navigate to Finlandia through the Mencoff Hall .
navigate to Class of 1872 Gate through the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
navigate to Norwood House through the Van Wickle Gates .
navigate to Brown Bear through the Blue Room .
navigate to BERT through the Prospect House .
navigate to Marston Hall through the Starbucks .
navigate to the Simmons Quadrangle then continue to Maxcy Hall .
navigate to the Sears then continue to Finlandia .
navigate to the Prince Engineering Lab then continue to Untitled Lamp/Bear .
navigate to the Van Wickle Gates then continue to Carrie Tower .
navigate to the Soldiers Memorial Gate then continue to Littlefield Hall .
navigate to the Hope College then continue to John Hay Library .
navigate to the Sharpe Refectory then continue to Saint Stephens Church .
navigate to the Medical Research Lab then continue to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
navigate to the Watson Center for Information Technology then continue to Slater Hall .
navigate to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences then continue to Mencoff Hall .
navigate to the Gardner House then continue to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
navigate to the Simmons Quadrangle then continue to Lippit House .
navigate to the John Hay Library then continue to Maxcy Green .
navigate to the Rockefeller Library then continue to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
navigate to the John Nicholas Brown Gate then continue to Marcus Aurelius .
navigate to the Wilbour Hall then continue to Salomon Center for Teaching .
navigate to the Brown University Sciences Library then continue to Marston Hall .
navigate to the Sharpe Refectory then continue to Prospect House .
navigate to the J.W. Wilson then continue to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
navigate to the Marston Hall then continue to Kassar House .
navigate to the Van Wickle Gates then continue to Hughes Court .
navigate to the Marcus Aurelius then continue to Campus Market .
navigate to the Citizen's Bank then continue to John Carter Brown Library .
navigate to the Quiet Green then continue to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
navigate to the Shirley Miller House then continue to BERT .
navigate to the Rockefeller Library then continue to Starbucks .
navigate to the BERT then continue to Friedman Hall .
navigate to the Lincoln Field Building then continue to Gardner House .
navigate to the Hughes Court then continue to Sayles Hall .
navigate to the Norwood House then continue to Lot 17 .
navigate to the Van Wickle Gates then continue to Kassar House .
navigate to the War Memorial then continue to Robinson Hall .
navigate to the Swearer Center for Public Service then continue to Soldiers Memorial Gate .
navigate to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate then continue to Caswell Hall .
navigate to the Quiet Green then continue to Manning .
navigate to the J.W. Wilson then continue to Maxcy Hall .
navigate to the Marston Hall then continue to Mencoff Hall .
navigate to the Robinson Gate then continue to Maxcy Green .
navigate to the Van Wickle Gates then continue to Prospect House .
navigate to the Faunce House then continue to Horace Mann House .
navigate to the P-131317 then continue to Wilbour Hall .
navigate to the Circle Dance Sculpture then continue to Shirley Miller House .
navigate to the Maxcy Green then continue to Hughes Court .
navigate to the Prospect House then continue to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
navigate to the Prospect House then continue to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
navigate to the Hope College then continue to 86 Waterman  .
navigate to the Watson Center for Information Technology then continue to Mencoff Hall .
navigate to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences then continue to Prospect House .
navigate to the Circle Dance Sculpture then continue to Van Wickle Gates .
navigate to the College Green then continue to Carrie Tower .
navigate to the Friedman Hall then continue to Brown University Sciences Library .
navigate to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity then continue to Wriston Quad .
navigate to the College Green then continue to John Carter Brown Library .
move to the Circle Dance Sculpture and then head to Lyman Hall .
move to the Wilbour Hall and then head to Salomon Center for Teaching .
move to the Soldiers Memorial Gate and then head to Idee di pietra .
move to the 86 Waterman  and then head to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
move to the John Hay Library and then head to Friedman Hall .
move to the Maxcy Green and then head to Wriston Quad .
move to the College Green and then head to List Art Building .
move to the Casey Shearer Memorial and then head to Littlefield Hall .
move to the Lot 76 and then head to Lot 17 .
move to the Arnold Laboratory and then head to Hughes Court .
move to the John Hay Library and then head to Untitled Lamp/Bear .
move to the Slater Hall and then head to Brown Bear .
move to the Brown University Sciences Library and then head to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
move to the Simmons Quadrangle and then head to Hegeman .
move to the Prince Engineering Lab and then head to Maddock Alumni  .
move to the Barus Building and then head to Wriston Quad .
move to the Horace Mann House and then head to Maxcy Hall .
move to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority and then head to Class of 1872 Gate .
move to the J.W. Wilson and then head to Barus Building .
move to the The Ivy Room and then head to 86 Waterman  .
move to the Sharpe Refectory and then head to Watson Center for Information Technology .
move to the University Hall and then head to Medical Research Lab .
move to the The Ivy Room and then head to College Green .
move to the Metcalf Research Building and then head to Hughes Court .
move to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate and then head to Brown University .
move to the Norwood House and then head to Wriston Quad .
move to the Marcus Aurelius and then head to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
move to the 86 Waterman  and then head to Littlefield Hall .
move to the Watson Center for Information Technology and then head to Wilbour Hall .
move to the Swearer Center for Public Service and then head to Citizen's Bank .
move to the Wriston Quad and then head to Brown University .
move to the Soldiers Memorial Gate and then head to 67 George .
move to the 86 Waterman  and then head to University Hall .
move to the John Nicholas Brown Gate and then head to Brown University Sciences Library .
move to the Quiet Green and then head to Simmons Quadrangle .
move to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity and then head to Robinson Gate .
move to the Arnold Laboratory and then head to Rhode Island Hall .
move to the Caswell Hall and then head to Lot 17 .
move to the Lot 76 and then head to Kassar House .
move to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate and then head to Barus Building .
move to the Sears and then head to Minden Hall .
move to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ and then head to Shirley Miller House .
move to the Wriston Quad and then head to College Green .
move to the Swearer Center for Public Service and then head to Prince Engineering Lab .
move to the Wriston Quad and then head to P-131317 .
move to the Littlefield Hall and then head to Hegeman .
move to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences and then head to Prospect House .
move to the Maddock Alumni  and then head to Lincoln Field Building .
move to the Campus Market and then head to Wriston Quad .
move to the Simmons Quadrangle and then head to Prospect House .
move to the Gardner House and then head to Lot 76 .
move to the Horace Mann House and then head to Sears .
move to the Hughes Court and then head to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
move to the Metcalf Research Building and then head to Maxcy Green .
move to the Maxcy Hall and then head to John Hay Library .
move to the Untitled Lamp/Bear and then head to Sears .
go to Hope College after navigating to the Wayland .
go to Lot 76 after navigating to the Metcalf Research Building .
go to Lot 17 after navigating to the Robinson Gate .
go to 67 George after navigating to the Brown University .
go to Van Wickle Gates after navigating to the Brown Bear .
go to Lot 17 after navigating to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to J.W. Wilson after navigating to the Lot 18 .
go to Maxcy Hall after navigating to the Brown Bear .
go to Rhode Island Hall after navigating to the Starbucks .
go to Watson Center for Information Technology after navigating to the Urban Environmental Lab .
go to Casey Shearer Memorial after navigating to the Slavery Memorial .
go to The Ivy Room after navigating to the Maxcy Green .
go to Slater Hall after navigating to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to Sayles Hall after navigating to the Finlandia .
go to Wilbour Hall after navigating to the Arnold Laboratory .
go to Kassar House after navigating to the Campus Market .
go to Slavery Memorial after navigating to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to John Hay Library after navigating to the 86 Waterman  .
go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ after navigating to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to Arnold Laboratory after navigating to the Rockefeller Library .
go to Friedman Hall after navigating to the Class of 1887 Gate .
go to Hegeman after navigating to the BERT .
go to Walter Hall after navigating to the Blue Room .
go to Blue Room after navigating to the Brown Bear .
go to Class of 1887 Gate after navigating to the Arnold Laboratory .
go to Barus Building after navigating to the Prince Engineering Lab .
go to Van Wickle Gates after navigating to the Caswell Hall .
go to 67 George after navigating to the Hegeman .
go to Norwood House after navigating to the Idee di pietra .
go to Barus Building after navigating to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to Idee di pietra after navigating to the War Memorial .
go to Wayland after navigating to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to Hegeman after navigating to the Saint Stephens Church .
go to Gardner House after navigating to the Mencoff Hall .
go to Blue Room after navigating to the College Green .
go to Class of 1887 Gate after navigating to the University Hall .
go to Circle Dance Sculpture after navigating to the Blue Room .
go to P-131317 after navigating to the Robinson Gate .
go to Idee di pietra after navigating to the Metcalf Research Building .
go to Lot 18 after navigating to the Starbucks .
go to Lot 17 after navigating to the John Hay Library .
go to Quiet Green after navigating to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to Brown Center for Students of Color after navigating to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to List Art Building after navigating to the Starbucks .
go to Minden Hall after navigating to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity after navigating to the Mencoff Hall .
go to P-131317 after navigating to the Metcalf Research Building .
go to Wriston Quad after navigating to the Brown University Sciences Library .
go to Brown Bear after navigating to the Caswell Hall .
go to Robinson Gate after navigating to the Starbucks .
go to Swearer Center for Public Service after navigating to the Horace Mann House .
go to John Nicholas Brown Gate after navigating to the Minden Hall .
go to Circle Dance Sculpture after navigating to the Wilbour Hall .
go to BERT after navigating to the Marston Hall .
go to Wilbour Hall after navigating to the Prince Engineering Lab .
go to Lyman Hall after navigating to the Mencoff Hall .
go to Hegeman after navigating to the BERT .
go to Horace Mann House after navigating to the Brown Bear .
go to Sayles Hall after navigating to the Minden Hall .
go to Maddock Alumni  after navigating to the Sharpe Refectory .
go to Barus Building through the Medical Research Lab .
go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall through the Urban Environmental Lab .
go to Maxcy Green through the Wilbour Hall .
go to Citizen's Bank through the Prospect House .
go to Class of 1872 Gate through the Caswell Hall .
go to Hope College through the John Hay Library .
go to Robinson Gate through the Gardner House .
go to Lincoln Field Building through the John Hay Library .
go to Manning through the Quiet Green .
go to William Goddard Memorial Gate through the Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ through the Littlefield Hall .
go to Campus Market through the Mencoff Hall .
go to Brown Center for Students of Color through the Medical Research Lab .
go to Hegeman through the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to 67 George through the Faunce House .
go to P-131317 through the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to Littlefield Hall through the John Hay Library .
go to BERT through the 86 Waterman  .
go to Wriston Quad through the Minden Hall .
go to Lot 18 through the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to Sayles Hall through the Littlefield Hall .
go to The Ivy Room through the Campus Market .
go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology through the Prospect House .
go to Arnold Laboratory through the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to Swearer Center for Public Service through the The Ivy Room .
go to Mencoff Hall through the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority through the Brown University .
go to Casey Shearer Memorial through the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to Soldiers Memorial Gate through the Brown University .
go to Marcus Aurelius through the Wayland .
go to Robinson Hall through the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to Van Wickle Gates through the Lot 17 .
go to Barus Building through the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to Manning through the Medical Research Lab .
go to Carrie Tower through the Sayles Hall .
go to Hope College through the Barus Building .
go to War Memorial through the Lyman Hall .
go to Lot 76 through the Blue Room .
go to Faunce House through the Rhode Island Hall .
go to Van Wickle Gates through the J.W. Wilson .
go to John Hay Library through the Slavery Memorial .
go to Kassar House through the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to Casey Shearer Memorial through the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to Rhode Island Hall through the Arnold Laboratory .
go to Manning through the The Ivy Room .
go to Brown University through the Robinson Hall .
go to Prospect House through the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to Quiet Green through the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to Slavery Memorial through the Manning .
go to Watson Center for Information Technology through the Slavery Memorial .
go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology through the Citizen's Bank .
go to Wilbour Hall through the Hughes Court
go to Sharpe Refectory through the Swearer Center for Public Service
go to Rhode Island Hall through the John Carter Brown Library
go to Marston Hall through the John Nicholas Brown Gate
go to Wriston Quad through the Saint Stephens Church
go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ through the Hegeman
go to Prince Engineering Lab through the Untitled Lamp/Bear
go to Simmons Quadrangle through the Saint Stephens Church
go to Robinson Hall through the Hope College
go to Marcus Aurelius through the Hughes Court
go to Citizen's Bank through the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall
go to Saint Stephens Church through the University Hall
go to Casey Shearer Memorial through the Kassar House
go to Circle Dance Sculpture through the 86 Waterman 
go to Saint Stephens Church through the Prospect House
go to Hughes Court through the Brown University
go to Robinson Hall through the Lippit House
go to Brown Bear through the Manning
go to Metcalf Research Building through the Saint Stephens Church
go to Brown University through the Brown Bear
go to Wilbour Hall through the Lot 18
go to Medical Research Lab through the Slater Hall
go to Finlandia through the Van Wickle Gates
go to Lippit House through the William Goddard Memorial Gate
go to Class of 1887 Gate through the Maddock Alumni 
go to Littlefield Hall through the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences
go to Kassar House through the War Memorial
go to Salomon Center for Teaching through the Maxcy Green
go to Campus Market through the John Carter Brown Library
go to Lot 76 through the The Ivy Room
go to Salomon Center for Teaching through the Hegeman
go to Quiet Green through the BERT
go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences through the Marcus Aurelius
go to Metcalf Research Building through the Citizen's Bank
go to Swearer Center for Public Service through the Maxcy Green
go to List Art Building through the Mencoff Hall
go to Barus Building through the Robinson Hall
go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority through the Citizen's Bank
go to Blue Room through the Carrie Tower
go to BERT through the Walter Hall
go to Casey Shearer Memorial through the Rockefeller Library
go to John Carter Brown Library through the Starbucks
go to University Hall through the Brown University
go to Starbucks through the Caswell Hall
go to Blue Room through the Minden Hall
go to Lincoln Field Building through the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology
go to J.W. Wilson through the Walter Hall
go to Arnold Laboratory through the William Goddard Memorial Gate
go to Arnold Laboratory through the Norwood House
go to Brown University Sciences Library through the Robinson Gate
go through the Hope College to John Hay Library .
go through the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop to Van Wickle Gates .
go through the Barus Building to Class of 1887 Gate .
go through the John Carter Brown Library to Kassar House .
go through the Class of 1887 Gate to Swearer Center for Public Service .
go through the Caswell Hall to Lot 76 .
go through the Salomon Center for Teaching to Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go through the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ to Rhode Island Hall .
go through the Campus Market to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go through the Urban Environmental Lab to Van Wickle Gates .
go through the Brown Center for Students of Color to Kassar House .
go through the Faunce House to Salomon Center for Teaching .
go through the Wriston Quad to Slavery Memorial .
go through the Walter Hall to Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go through the Medical Research Lab to University Hall .
go through the Quiet Green to Rockefeller Library .
go through the Swearer Center for Public Service to Simmons Quadrangle .
go through the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate to John Hay Library .
go through the Shirley Miller House to Faunce House .
go through the Casey Shearer Memorial to Maxcy Hall .
go through the Barus Building to Simmons Quadrangle .
go through the Walter Hall to Robinson Hall .
go through the John Hay Library to 67 George .
go through the Saint Stephens Church to Class of 1887 Gate .
go through the Walter Hall to John Hay Library .
go through the Brown Bear to 86 Waterman  .
go through the Shirley Miller House to Rhode Island Hall .
go through the Hughes Court to Prince Engineering Lab .
go through the Maxcy Green to Maxcy Hall .
go through the Untitled Lamp/Bear to Sayles Hall .
go through the Hegeman to Marston Hall .
go through the Van Wickle Gates to Starbucks .
go through the 67 George to List Art Building .
go through the Littlefield Hall to Prospect House .
go through the College Green to Barus Building .
go through the Wriston Quad to Arnold Laboratory .
go through the Brown Center for Students of Color to Kassar House .
go through the Van Wickle Gates to Brown University .
go through the Watson Center for Information Technology to Medical Research Lab .
go through the Lot 18 to John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go through the Metcalf Research Building to Lot 18 .
go through the Urban Environmental Lab to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go through the Robinson Gate to Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go through the Casey Shearer Memorial to 67 George .
go through the Walter Hall to Sayles Hall .
go through the J.W. Wilson to John Carter Brown Library .
go through the College Green to Van Wickle Gates .
go through the Urban Environmental Lab to Campus Market .
go through the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ to Rockefeller Library .
go through the Swearer Center for Public Service to Friedman Hall .
go through the Prince Engineering Lab to Shirley Miller House .
go through the War Memorial to 67 George .
go through the Sears to Brown Bear .
go from the Urban Environmental Lab to Prince Engineering Lab
go from the Arnold Laboratory to Circle Dance Sculpture
go from the Littlefield Hall to Norwood House
go from the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority to Lot 17
go from the Minden Hall to Barus Building
go from the University Hall to War Memorial
go from the Lyman Hall to War Memorial
go from the Citizen's Bank to Wayland
go from the Prospect House to Urban Environmental Lab
go from the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall to Shirley Miller House
go from the Slater Hall to Swearer Center for Public Service
go from the Brown University Sciences Library to Wilbour Hall
go from the Maddock Alumni  to 67 George
go from the Horace Mann House to Norwood House
go from the Hughes Court to Blue Room
go from the Sears to Carrie Tower
go from the Sears to List Art Building
go from the Wriston Quad to John Hay Library
go from the Caswell Hall to University Hall
go from the Van Wickle Gates to Barus Building
go from the Prospect House to 86 Waterman 
go from the Prospect House to Caswell Hall
go from the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall to Brown University
go from the Carrie Tower to Class of 1872 Gate
go from the Brown University Sciences Library to Sayles Hall
go from the Watson Center for Information Technology to Manning
go from the John Nicholas Brown Gate to Carrie Tower
go from the Hughes Court to P-131317
go from the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall to Friedman Hall
go from the Manning to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate
go from the Finlandia to Salomon Center for Teaching
go from the Brown University to Starbucks
go from the Prince Engineering Lab to Brown University Sciences Library
go from the College Green to Robinson Hall
go from the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences to Lot 17
go from the Wriston Quad to Maddock Alumni 
go from the 67 George to Hope College
go from the Brown Center for Students of Color to Idee di pietra
go from the Rockefeller Library to Marston Hall
go from the Mencoff Hall to Casey Shearer Memorial
go from the Idee di pietra to Lincoln Field Building
go from the Van Wickle Gates to Brown Bear
go from the Lot 76 to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority
go from the Citizen's Bank to Barus Building
go from the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology to Maxcy Hall
go from the Hope College to Minden Hall
go from the Robinson Hall to Lot 18
go from the Minden Hall to John Nicholas Brown Gate
go from the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology to Van Wickle Gates
go from the Wayland to Untitled Lamp/Bear
go from the Starbucks to P-131317
go from the Wilbour Hall to Robinson Gate
go from the John Carter Brown Library to Starbucks
go from the Simmons Quadrangle to Hegeman
go from the Lot 18 to Hegeman
go from the Slater Hall to Metcalf Research Building
go from the Swearer Center for Public Service to Hegeman
move to Prince Engineering Lab after moving to the Sears .
move to Lincoln Field Building after moving to the Hughes Court .
move to War Memorial after moving to the Hegeman .
move to Urban Environmental Lab after moving to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
move to Wayland after moving to the Horace Mann House .
move to BERT after moving to the J.W. Wilson .
move to Sharpe Refectory after moving to the Campus Market .
move to Prince Engineering Lab after moving to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
move to Friedman Hall after moving to the War Memorial .
move to Wilbour Hall after moving to the Slater Hall .
move to Lot 18 after moving to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
move to Minden Hall after moving to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
move to Class of 1887 Gate after moving to the Quiet Green .
move to University Hall after moving to the 86 Waterman  .
move to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences after moving to the Walter Hall .
move to Maxcy Hall after moving to the Hughes Court .
move to Saint Stephens Church after moving to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
move to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop after moving to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
move to Medical Research Lab after moving to the BERT .
move to Mencoff Hall after moving to the Brown Bear .
move to Robinson Gate after moving to the Robinson Hall .
move to Norwood House after moving to the Citizen's Bank .
move to Littlefield Hall after moving to the Lyman Hall .
move to Walter Hall after moving to the Brown Bear .
move to Brown Bear after moving to the BERT .
move to Brown University after moving to the Faunce House .
move to Simmons Quadrangle after moving to the Wilbour Hall .
move to Hope College after moving to the War Memorial .
move to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology after moving to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
move to University Hall after moving to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
move to Littlefield Hall after moving to the Urban Environmental Lab .
move to Horace Mann House after moving to the War Memorial .
move to Wriston Quad after moving to the Hegeman .
move to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate after moving to the Marston Hall .
move to Finlandia after moving to the P-131317 .
move to Finlandia after moving to the Barus Building .
move to Starbucks after moving to the Prospect House .
move to Watson Center for Information Technology after moving to the Rockefeller Library .
move to Kassar House after moving to the P-131317 .
move to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall after moving to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
move to Prospect House after moving to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
move to Walter Hall after moving to the Brown University Sciences Library .
move to Barus Building after moving to the Wriston Quad .
move to John Hay Library after moving to the Wilbour Hall .
move to Watson Center for Information Technology after moving to the Sharpe Refectory .
move to Faunce House after moving to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
move to Lot 18 after moving to the 86 Waterman  .
move to Marston Hall after moving to the Lippit House .
move to Lyman Hall after moving to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
move to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate after moving to the Simmons Quadrangle .
go to Slavery Memorial via the Lincoln Field Building .
go to Littlefield Hall via the Walter Hall .
go to Sayles Hall via the Maxcy Hall .
go to BERT via the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to Van Wickle Gates via the P-131317 .
go to Urban Environmental Lab via the Lot 18 .
go to Swearer Center for Public Service via the BERT .
go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity via the Van Wickle Gates .
go to Minden Hall via the Lot 17 .
go to P-131317 via the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to John Hay Library via the Saint Stephens Church .
go to Brown Bear via the The Ivy Room .
go to John Hay Library via the Carrie Tower .
go to Class of 1872 Gate via the Friedman Hall .
go to Mencoff Hall via the Brown Bear .
go to Idee di pietra via the Lippit House .
go to Prospect House via the Walter Hall .
go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences via the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to Norwood House via the Van Wickle Gates .
go to Friedman Hall via the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to Watson Center for Information Technology via the Hegeman .
go to Lincoln Field Building via the Lyman Hall .
go to BERT via the Saint Stephens Church .
go to Simmons Quadrangle via the Rockefeller Library .
go to Lippit House via the Carrie Tower .
go to Slater Hall via the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to Van Wickle Gates via the Friedman Hall .
go to J.W. Wilson via the Brown Bear .
go to Lippit House via the Marston Hall .
go to Friedman Hall via the Van Wickle Gates .
go to Simmons Quadrangle via the University Hall .
go to Carrie Tower via the Wayland .
go to Metcalf Research Building via the Robinson Hall .
go to Friedman Hall via the Blue Room .
go to Maxcy Green via the Prospect House .
go to Brown University Sciences Library via the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to Hope College via the Sears .
go to Swearer Center for Public Service via the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to Citizen's Bank via the Van Wickle Gates .
go to Hughes Court via the Barus Building .
go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology via the Starbucks .
go to War Memorial via the 67 George .
go to Lincoln Field Building via the Finlandia .
go to Maxcy Hall via the Lot 76 .
go to John Carter Brown Library via the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to Campus Market via the Minden Hall .
go to Horace Mann House via the Urban Environmental Lab .
go to John Hay Library via the Lincoln Field Building .
go to Walter Hall via the Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to John Hay Library via the Metcalf Research Building .
go to Salomon Center for Teaching via the Brown University Sciences Library .
go to Wayland via the Slater Hall .
navigate to the Arnold Laboratory before going to Slater Hall .
navigate to the Robinson Gate before going to University Hall .
navigate to the Mencoff Hall before going to Hegeman .
navigate to the Carrie Tower before going to Hope College .
navigate to the J.W. Wilson before going to Lincoln Field Building .
navigate to the Slater Hall before going to Lot 76 .
navigate to the Manning before going to Brown University .
navigate to the Lot 17 before going to Urban Environmental Lab .
navigate to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology before going to J.W. Wilson .
navigate to the Sayles Hall before going to P-131317 .
navigate to the Marcus Aurelius before going to Untitled Lamp/Bear .
navigate to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity before going to Lincoln Field Building .
navigate to the Sharpe Refectory before going to Shirley Miller House .
navigate to the Marston Hall before going to Faunce House .
navigate to the Urban Environmental Lab before going to Faunce House .
navigate to the Metcalf Research Building before going to Blue Room .
navigate to the Hughes Court before going to Blue Room .
navigate to the J.W. Wilson before going to Saint Stephens Church .
navigate to the Friedman Hall before going to Wilbour Hall .
navigate to the John Carter Brown Library before going to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
navigate to the Lippit House before going to John Nicholas Brown Gate .
navigate to the Faunce House before going to William Goddard Memorial Gate .
navigate to the Campus Market before going to John Carter Brown Library .
navigate to the Marcus Aurelius before going to Watson Center for Information Technology .
navigate to the Carrie Tower before going to Lippit House .
navigate to the Lincoln Field Building before going to Casey Shearer Memorial .
navigate to the Van Wickle Gates before going to Brown University .
navigate to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity before going to Kassar House .
navigate to the Campus Market before going to Sears .
navigate to the Slavery Memorial before going to Campus Market .
navigate to the Faunce House before going to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
navigate to the Sayles Hall before going to Prospect House .
navigate to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate before going to Van Wickle Gates .
navigate to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences before going to Marston Hall .
navigate to the Lippit House before going to Campus Market .
navigate to the John Carter Brown Library before going to Caswell Hall .
navigate to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority before going to War Memorial .
navigate to the Untitled Lamp/Bear before going to War Memorial .
navigate to the Manning before going to Slavery Memorial .
navigate to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall before going to Class of 1887 Gate .
navigate to the Maxcy Hall before going to Urban Environmental Lab .
navigate to the Quiet Green before going to Hope College .
navigate to the Simmons Quadrangle before going to Faunce House .
navigate to the Walter Hall before going to War Memorial .
navigate to the Van Wickle Gates before going to Marston Hall .
navigate to the Untitled Lamp/Bear before going to Manning .
navigate to the Soldiers Memorial Gate before going to Rockefeller Library .
navigate to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences before going to Starbucks .
navigate to the Sayles Hall before going to Robinson Gate .
navigate to the Arnold Laboratory before going to Norwood House .
navigate to the BERT before going to Prince Engineering Lab .
navigate to the J.W. Wilson before going to Kassar House .
navigate to the Simmons Quadrangle before going to Brown Center for Students of Color .
navigate to the Horace Mann House before going to Circle Dance Sculpture .
navigate to the College Green before going to Barus Building .
navigate to the Shirley Miller House before going to Lincoln Field Building .
navigate to the Slavery Memorial before going to Brown University .
navigate to the Maddock Alumni  before going to Saint Stephens Church .
navigate to the Friedman Hall before going to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go from the Sayles Hall to the List Art Building
go from the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology to the Brown Bear
go from the Norwood House to the Saint Stephens Church
go from the Maxcy Hall to the Lot 18
go from the Blue Room to the Prince Engineering Lab
go from the Prospect House to the Lot 18
go from the John Hay Library to the Maxcy Hall
go from the John Hay Library to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity
go from the John Hay Library to the List Art Building
go from the University Hall to the Brown Bear
go from the Maxcy Hall to the Metcalf Research Building
go from the Maddock Alumni  to the Wriston Quad
go from the Class of 1872 Gate to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate
go from the BERT to the Caswell Hall
go from the Brown University Sciences Library to the Lot 76
go from the Hughes Court to the Sayles Hall
go from the Friedman Hall to the Caswell Hall
go from the Van Wickle Gates to the Walter Hall
go from the Minden Hall to the Wriston Quad
go from the Soldiers Memorial Gate to the Swearer Center for Public Service
go from the Starbucks to the Lincoln Field Building
go from the Citizen's Bank to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity
go from the Wilbour Hall to the 67 George
go from the Brown University Sciences Library to the Robinson Gate
go from the Hughes Court to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop
go from the Hegeman to the John Hay Library
go from the Quiet Green to the William Goddard Memorial Gate
go from the Prince Engineering Lab to the Mencoff Hall
go from the Slavery Memorial to the Barus Building
go from the Caswell Hall to the 67 George
go from the Idee di pietra to the Saint Stephens Church
go from the Norwood House to the Lot 18
go from the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity to the Kassar House
go from the William Goddard Memorial Gate to the John Hay Library
go from the Robinson Gate to the Marcus Aurelius
go from the College Green to the Rockefeller Library
go from the Maxcy Hall to the Barus Building
go from the P-131317 to the Idee di pietra
go from the Salomon Center for Teaching to the War Memorial
go from the Wayland to the Robinson Gate
go from the Prince Engineering Lab to the Hegeman
go from the Finlandia to the Hope College
go from the Swearer Center for Public Service to the 67 George
go from the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity to the Wriston Quad
go from the 86 Waterman  to the John Carter Brown Library
go from the Hegeman to the Slavery Memorial
go from the Wilbour Hall to the Lot 17
go from the Sears to the Slater Hall
go from the War Memorial to the Circle Dance Sculpture
go from the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences to the J.W. Wilson
go from the Brown University Sciences Library to the The Ivy Room
go from the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ to the Brown University Sciences Library
go from the J.W. Wilson to the Friedman Hall
go from the Circle Dance Sculpture to the Urban Environmental Lab
go from the BERT to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall
go from the Horace Mann House to the Gardner House
go from the J.W. Wilson to the Mencoff Hall
navigate to the Minden Hall always passing through the Lot 76 .
navigate to the Idee di pietra always passing through the Blue Room .
navigate to the Class of 1887 Gate always passing through the Slater Hall .
navigate to the Van Wickle Gates always passing through the Watson Center for Information Technology .
navigate to the Hughes Court always passing through the Barus Building .
navigate to the Campus Market always passing through the Friedman Hall .
navigate to the Metcalf Research Building always passing through the Slater Hall .
navigate to the Walter Hall always passing through the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
navigate to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences always passing through the Caswell Hall .
navigate to the Minden Hall always passing through the Prospect House .
navigate to the Casey Shearer Memorial always passing through the The Ivy Room .
navigate to the Sharpe Refectory always passing through the Quiet Green .
navigate to the University Hall always passing through the Finlandia .
navigate to the Casey Shearer Memorial always passing through the Friedman Hall .
navigate to the Blue Room always passing through the Hughes Court .
navigate to the Arnold Laboratory always passing through the Sharpe Refectory .
navigate to the Finlandia always passing through the John Hay Library .
navigate to the Robinson Hall always passing through the Caswell Hall .
navigate to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall always passing through the Maxcy Hall .
navigate to the Simmons Quadrangle always passing through the Faunce House .
navigate to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ always passing through the Prince Engineering Lab .
navigate to the Rockefeller Library always passing through the BERT .
navigate to the Marcus Aurelius always passing through the Lincoln Field Building .
navigate to the Lincoln Field Building always passing through the Quiet Green .
navigate to the War Memorial always passing through the Sayles Hall .
navigate to the Swearer Center for Public Service always passing through the Robinson Gate .
navigate to the Citizen's Bank always passing through the Metcalf Research Building .
navigate to the Citizen's Bank always passing through the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
navigate to the J.W. Wilson always passing through the Lippit House .
navigate to the Brown Bear always passing through the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
navigate to the Finlandia always passing through the Gardner House .
navigate to the Prospect House always passing through the Circle Dance Sculpture .
navigate to the Robinson Gate always passing through the List Art Building .
navigate to the Quiet Green always passing through the Robinson Gate .
navigate to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate always passing through the University Hall .
navigate to the Wriston Quad always passing through the Friedman Hall .
navigate to the Hope College always passing through the Minden Hall .
navigate to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ always passing through the Lincoln Field Building .
navigate to the 86 Waterman  always passing through the Friedman Hall .
navigate to the Quiet Green always passing through the Maxcy Hall .
navigate to the Swearer Center for Public Service always passing through the Lot 18 .
navigate to the Lot 17 always passing through the BERT .
navigate to the Prince Engineering Lab always passing through the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
navigate to the Maxcy Green always passing through the Lippit House .
navigate to the Shirley Miller House always passing through the Salomon Center for Teaching .
navigate to the Arnold Laboratory always passing through the Sharpe Refectory .
navigate to the Circle Dance Sculpture always passing through the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
navigate to the Littlefield Hall always passing through the List Art Building .
navigate to the Brown Bear always passing through the Simmons Quadrangle .
navigate to the Shirley Miller House always passing through the Carrie Tower .
navigate to the 67 George always passing through the Sears .
navigate to the Quiet Green always passing through the Sears .
navigate to the John Hay Library always passing through the Horace Mann House .
navigate to the The Ivy Room always passing through the Wayland .
navigate to the Kassar House always passing through the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
navigate to the Idee di pietra always passing through the Medical Research Lab .
go to the Friedman Hall by first going to the Sharpe Refectory .
go to the Metcalf Research Building by first going to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to the Hughes Court by first going to the BERT .
go to the War Memorial by first going to the Citizen's Bank .
go to the BERT by first going to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Maxcy Green by first going to the The Ivy Room .
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color by first going to the Littlefield Hall .
go to the Shirley Miller House by first going to the Lot 76 .
go to the Walter Hall by first going to the Kassar House .
go to the Starbucks by first going to the Friedman Hall .
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop by first going to the P-131317 .
go to the Maddock Alumni  by first going to the 67 George .
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop by first going to the 67 George .
go to the Blue Room by first going to the Lippit House .
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop by first going to the Lyman Hall .
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop by first going to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the John Hay Library by first going to the Robinson Gate .
go to the Brown Bear by first going to the Gardner House .
go to the Walter Hall by first going to the Metcalf Research Building .
go to the Metcalf Research Building by first going to the College Green .
go to the The Ivy Room by first going to the Rockefeller Library .
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority by first going to the Norwood House .
go to the Kassar House by first going to the Marston Hall .
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching by first going to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to the College Green by first going to the Brown Bear .
go to the Minden Hall by first going to the Lincoln Field Building .
go to the Wayland by first going to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to the Gardner House by first going to the Sears .
go to the Lot 18 by first going to the Hughes Court .
go to the Arnold Laboratory by first going to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to the Lot 18 by first going to the Hegeman .
go to the Mencoff Hall by first going to the Campus Market .
go to the Mencoff Hall by first going to the Arnold Laboratory .
go to the Hughes Court by first going to the Norwood House .
go to the Rockefeller Library by first going to the 86 Waterman  .
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority by first going to the Wriston Quad .
go to the Van Wickle Gates by first going to the Kassar House .
go to the John Carter Brown Library by first going to the Citizen's Bank .
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity by first going to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to the Lot 18 by first going to the John Hay Library .
go to the Prospect House by first going to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to the J.W. Wilson by first going to the Barus Building .
go to the Slavery Memorial by first going to the Carrie Tower .
go to the Circle Dance Sculpture by first going to the Slater Hall .
go to the Faunce House by first going to the Rhode Island Hall .
go to the Robinson Hall by first going to the Gardner House .
go to the Slavery Memorial by first going to the Saint Stephens Church .
go to the Lot 18 by first going to the Maxcy Hall .
go to the Sears by first going to the BERT .
go to the Friedman Hall by first going to the University Hall .
go to the List Art Building by first going to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to the Wayland by first going to the Hegeman .
go to the Horace Mann House by first going to the Blue Room .
go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate by first going to the Brown Bear .
go to the Brown University by first going to the Maddock Alumni  .
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate by first going to the Starbucks .
go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate by first going to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to the Lyman Hall by first going to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to the Lot 76 then the Medical Research Lab .
go to the Brown Bear then the Carrie Tower .
go to the Finlandia then the 67 George .
go to the Hope College then the Brown Bear .
go to the Arnold Laboratory then the Brown University Sciences Library .
go to the Slater Hall then the Norwood House .
go to the Robinson Gate then the Saint Stephens Church .
go to the Brown University then the Gardner House .
go to the P-131317 then the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to the Citizen's Bank then the Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to the Marcus Aurelius then the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to the Hegeman then the Prince Engineering Lab .
go to the Slater Hall then the Brown University Sciences Library .
go to the Van Wickle Gates then the Hughes Court .
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching then the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to the Rhode Island Hall then the Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to the Hughes Court then the John Carter Brown Library .
go to the Circle Dance Sculpture then the Wayland .
go to the Maxcy Green then the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to the BERT then the Friedman Hall .
go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate then the Friedman Hall .
go to the Marston Hall then the Brown University .
go to the Prospect House then the Friedman Hall .
go to the Manning then the Sayles Hall .
go to the Maxcy Hall then the Hope College .
go to the Prince Engineering Lab then the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to the Marston Hall then the Rockefeller Library .
go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate then the Lot 76 .
go to the Shirley Miller House then the Gardner House .
go to the Prospect House then the List Art Building .
go to the Carrie Tower then the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to the BERT then the Rhode Island Hall .
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate then the Lincoln Field Building .
go to the Prospect House then the Lincoln Field Building .
go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate then the Finlandia .
go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate then the Brown Bear .
go to the Walter Hall then the Sharpe Refectory .
go to the Wilbour Hall then the Maxcy Green .
go to the Lyman Hall then the Idee di pietra .
go to the Citizen's Bank then the Robinson Hall .
go to the Brown University Sciences Library then the J.W. Wilson .
go to the War Memorial then the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to the John Hay Library then the Arnold Laboratory .
go to the Class of 1887 Gate then the Lippit House .
go to the Hope College then the Mencoff Hall .
go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate then the Wriston Quad .
go to the List Art Building then the Blue Room .
go to the Wayland then the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate then the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Lot 17 then the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to the Caswell Hall then the Horace Mann House .
go to the Lot 76 then the Simmons Quadrangle .
go to the Idee di pietra then the John Carter Brown Library .
go to the Marston Hall then the Metcalf Research Building .
go to the Brown University Sciences Library then the Wayland .
navigate to the Brown University Sciences Library , and then navigate to the 86 Waterman  .
navigate to the War Memorial , and then navigate to the Maxcy Green .
navigate to the Norwood House , and then navigate to the Finlandia .
navigate to the Circle Dance Sculpture , and then navigate to the Wayland .
navigate to the Idee di pietra , and then navigate to the College Green .
navigate to the Lot 17 , and then navigate to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
navigate to the Arnold Laboratory , and then navigate to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
navigate to the Rhode Island Hall , and then navigate to the Manning .
navigate to the Carrie Tower , and then navigate to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
navigate to the John Carter Brown Library , and then navigate to the Wayland .
navigate to the Sears , and then navigate to the P-131317 .
navigate to the Citizen's Bank , and then navigate to the Horace Mann House .
navigate to the Norwood House , and then navigate to the Lot 17 .
navigate to the Lot 17 , and then navigate to the Marcus Aurelius .
navigate to the Van Wickle Gates , and then navigate to the Arnold Laboratory .
navigate to the Starbucks , and then navigate to the University Hall .
navigate to the The Ivy Room , and then navigate to the Starbucks .
navigate to the Class of 1872 Gate , and then navigate to the Slater Hall .
navigate to the Slavery Memorial , and then navigate to the Idee di pietra .
navigate to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ , and then navigate to the Lippit House .
navigate to the The Ivy Room , and then navigate to the Idee di pietra .
navigate to the Norwood House , and then navigate to the Maxcy Green .
navigate to the Kassar House , and then navigate to the Brown Bear .
navigate to the BERT , and then navigate to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
navigate to the Wayland , and then navigate to the Robinson Hall .
navigate to the Sears , and then navigate to the Hughes Court .
navigate to the Marcus Aurelius , and then navigate to the Lyman Hall .
navigate to the John Hay Library , and then navigate to the Barus Building .
navigate to the Prospect House , and then navigate to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
navigate to the John Hay Library , and then navigate to the Mencoff Hall .
navigate to the Van Wickle Gates , and then navigate to the Mencoff Hall .
navigate to the Brown University Sciences Library , and then navigate to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
navigate to the Caswell Hall , and then navigate to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
navigate to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ , and then navigate to the Slavery Memorial .
navigate to the Swearer Center for Public Service , and then navigate to the Citizen's Bank .
navigate to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences , and then navigate to the Mencoff Hall .
navigate to the Prince Engineering Lab , and then navigate to the Rhode Island Hall .
navigate to the Walter Hall , and then navigate to the Norwood House .
navigate to the Lot 76 , and then navigate to the Campus Market .
navigate to the William Goddard Memorial Gate , and then navigate to the 67 George .
navigate to the Hegeman , and then navigate to the Robinson Hall .
navigate to the Medical Research Lab , and then navigate to the Gardner House .
navigate to the 67 George , and then navigate to the Prospect House .
navigate to the Lot 76 , and then navigate to the Faunce House .
navigate to the The Ivy Room , and then navigate to the Caswell Hall .
navigate to the Sayles Hall , and then navigate to the Wriston Quad .
navigate to the Barus Building , and then navigate to the John Hay Library .
navigate to the William Goddard Memorial Gate , and then navigate to the Sears .
navigate to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ , and then navigate to the Maddock Alumni  .
navigate to the Lot 76 , and then navigate to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to the Rhode Island Hall through the Walter Hall
go to the Marston Hall through the Caswell Hall
go to the Rockefeller Library through the Van Wickle Gates
go to the Arnold Laboratory through the Brown University
go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology through the Norwood House
go to the P-131317 through the Shirley Miller House
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity through the Horace Mann House
go to the Rockefeller Library through the Arnold Laboratory
go to the Lyman Hall through the Circle Dance Sculpture
go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences through the Metcalf Research Building
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate through the Medical Research Lab
go to the Blue Room through the Shirley Miller House
go to the Medical Research Lab through the College Green
go to the Brown Bear through the Casey Shearer Memorial
go to the Metcalf Research Building through the Lincoln Field Building
go to the Brown Bear through the Hope College
go to the BERT through the Saint Stephens Church
go to the Hegeman through the Lot 18
go to the Brown Bear through the Class of 1872 Gate
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity through the Class of 1872 Gate
go to the Blue Room through the Soldiers Memorial Gate
go to the Starbucks through the Casey Shearer Memorial
go to the Minden Hall through the Van Wickle Gates
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall through the Citizen's Bank
go to the Rockefeller Library through the Manning
go to the Barus Building through the Untitled Lamp/Bear
go to the Robinson Hall through the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop
go to the Caswell Hall through the Circle Dance Sculpture
go to the Rockefeller Library through the Marcus Aurelius
go to the List Art Building through the Prince Engineering Lab
go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear through the Brown Bear
go to the 86 Waterman  through the Robinson Gate
go to the Maddock Alumni  through the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity
go to the Lincoln Field Building through the Littlefield Hall
go to the Caswell Hall through the Prospect House
go to the College Green through the Citizen's Bank
go to the Maxcy Green through the Urban Environmental Lab
go to the Rockefeller Library through the Blue Room
go to the Friedman Hall through the Van Wickle Gates
go to the Slater Hall through the Untitled Lamp/Bear
go to the Sayles Hall through the Saint Stephens Church
go to the Urban Environmental Lab through the Lot 17
go to the Saint Stephens Church through the Wriston Quad
go to the Citizen's Bank through the Lyman Hall
go to the Class of 1872 Gate through the Soldiers Memorial Gate
go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate through the Maxcy Hall
go to the Lincoln Field Building through the Lot 76
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity through the Lippit House
go to the Hegeman through the Wayland
go to the Gardner House through the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology
go to the College Green through the Lippit House
go to the Arnold Laboratory through the Campus Market
go to the Mencoff Hall through the Gardner House
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop through the Marcus Aurelius
go to the Caswell Hall through the Saint Stephens Church
go to the Prospect House through the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity
go to the Starbucks , and then go to the Maddock Alumni  .
go to the List Art Building , and then go to the College Green .
go to the Blue Room , and then go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to the Campus Market , and then go to the Kassar House .
go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate , and then go to the Barus Building .
go to the Maxcy Green , and then go to the Lot 18 .
go to the Brown Bear , and then go to the John Hay Library .
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall , and then go to the Lyman Hall .
go to the John Carter Brown Library , and then go to the Brown Bear .
go to the Kassar House , and then go to the Citizen's Bank .
go to the Manning , and then go to the Robinson Hall .
go to the Rockefeller Library , and then go to the John Hay Library .
go to the Prince Engineering Lab , and then go to the Metcalf Research Building .
go to the Campus Market , and then go to the The Ivy Room .
go to the Brown University , and then go to the Robinson Gate .
go to the Rockefeller Library , and then go to the Rhode Island Hall .
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority , and then go to the Prince Engineering Lab .
go to the Brown Bear , and then go to the Simmons Quadrangle .
go to the Littlefield Hall , and then go to the College Green .
go to the Medical Research Lab , and then go to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity , and then go to the Class of 1887 Gate .
go to the Swearer Center for Public Service , and then go to the Horace Mann House .
go to the Van Wickle Gates , and then go to the Slavery Memorial .
go to the Maxcy Hall , and then go to the Wriston Quad .
go to the Brown Bear , and then go to the Campus Market .
go to the Maxcy Hall , and then go to the Robinson Gate .
go to the Faunce House , and then go to the Sayles Hall .
go to the 86 Waterman  , and then go to the 67 George .
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ , and then go to the Urban Environmental Lab .
go to the Maxcy Green , and then go to the Hope College .
go to the John Hay Library , and then go to the Marcus Aurelius .
go to the Simmons Quadrangle , and then go to the Rhode Island Hall .
go to the Hegeman , and then go to the Horace Mann House .
go to the Lincoln Field Building , and then go to the Kassar House .
go to the Robinson Gate , and then go to the J.W. Wilson .
go to the Starbucks , and then go to the Blue Room .
go to the Robinson Hall , and then go to the Lippit House .
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall , and then go to the Lot 18 .
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity , and then go to the Horace Mann House .
go to the Brown Bear , and then go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to the Lincoln Field Building , and then go to the Lot 17 .
go to the Lot 18 , and then go to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to the Robinson Hall , and then go to the Arnold Laboratory .
go to the Barus Building , and then go to the Slater Hall .
go to the College Green , and then go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to the University Hall , and then go to the Blue Room .
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority , and then go to the Citizen's Bank .
go to the Swearer Center for Public Service , and then go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color , and then go to the Maddock Alumni  .
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity , and then go to the Class of 1872 Gate .
go through the Salomon Center for Teaching to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go through the Class of 1872 Gate to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go through the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop to the Citizen's Bank .
go through the Lot 76 to the Lot 17 .
go through the 67 George to the The Ivy Room .
go through the Saint Stephens Church to the John Hay Library .
go through the Wayland to the P-131317 .
go through the Slavery Memorial to the Wilbour Hall .
go through the William Goddard Memorial Gate to the Prince Engineering Lab .
go through the Prospect House to the Saint Stephens Church .
go through the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go through the Caswell Hall to the College Green .
go through the Robinson Hall to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go through the Soldiers Memorial Gate to the Sharpe Refectory .
go through the Circle Dance Sculpture to the Shirley Miller House .
go through the Idee di pietra to the Wilbour Hall .
go through the Van Wickle Gates to the Horace Mann House .
go through the Watson Center for Information Technology to the Idee di pietra .
go through the Medical Research Lab to the Starbucks .
go through the Idee di pietra to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go through the Gardner House to the Sharpe Refectory .
go through the John Nicholas Brown Gate to the Marston Hall .
go through the Brown University to the Prospect House .
go through the Untitled Lamp/Bear to the Sharpe Refectory .
go through the Circle Dance Sculpture to the Marcus Aurelius .
go through the Mencoff Hall to the Marcus Aurelius .
go through the Horace Mann House to the Blue Room .
go through the Brown University to the College Green .
go through the P-131317 to the Sharpe Refectory .
go through the Campus Market to the Starbucks .
go through the Urban Environmental Lab to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go through the Sears to the Manning .
go through the Horace Mann House to the John Hay Library .
go through the John Carter Brown Library to the Marcus Aurelius .
go through the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences to the Manning .
go through the Walter Hall to the Shirley Miller House .
go through the BERT to the Campus Market .
go through the Maddock Alumni  to the Starbucks .
go through the University Hall to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go through the Hope College to the The Ivy Room .
go through the Brown Bear to the The Ivy Room .
go through the Brown University to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go through the Van Wickle Gates to the John Hay Library .
go through the Shirley Miller House to the Hope College .
go through the University Hall to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go through the Van Wickle Gates to the Friedman Hall .
go through the Hegeman to the Lyman Hall .
go through the Rockefeller Library to the War Memorial .
go through the Salomon Center for Teaching to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go through the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go through the Lincoln Field Building to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go through the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate to the Van Wickle Gates .
go through the Rockefeller Library to the Slater Hall .
from the War Memorial , navigate to the Lot 18 .
from the P-131317 , navigate to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
from the Brown Bear , navigate to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
from the Rhode Island Hall , navigate to the Lincoln Field Building .
from the Lot 76 , navigate to the John Hay Library .
from the Brown Bear , navigate to the Rockefeller Library .
from the Caswell Hall , navigate to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
from the Sayles Hall , navigate to the List Art Building .
from the Casey Shearer Memorial , navigate to the Sears .
from the Horace Mann House , navigate to the Lot 17 .
from the 86 Waterman  , navigate to the Hughes Court .
from the Van Wickle Gates , navigate to the Quiet Green .
from the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority , navigate to the Mencoff Hall .
from the Class of 1887 Gate , navigate to the John Carter Brown Library .
from the Robinson Hall , navigate to the P-131317 .
from the College Green , navigate to the John Carter Brown Library .
from the Medical Research Lab , navigate to the Norwood House .
from the Wayland , navigate to the Mencoff Hall .
from the Metcalf Research Building , navigate to the Maxcy Green .
from the Horace Mann House , navigate to the Manning .
from the BERT , navigate to the Mencoff Hall .
from the Slater Hall , navigate to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
from the Sayles Hall , navigate to the Van Wickle Gates .
from the Saint Stephens Church , navigate to the John Hay Library .
from the Class of 1887 Gate , navigate to the War Memorial .
from the Quiet Green , navigate to the Lippit House .
from the Prospect House , navigate to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
from the Starbucks , navigate to the Gardner House .
from the Slater Hall , navigate to the Metcalf Research Building .
from the Van Wickle Gates , navigate to the Shirley Miller House .
from the Casey Shearer Memorial , navigate to the Idee di pietra .
from the Prince Engineering Lab , navigate to the Rhode Island Hall .
from the 86 Waterman  , navigate to the Lot 17 .
from the Kassar House , navigate to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
from the P-131317 , navigate to the Van Wickle Gates .
from the Untitled Lamp/Bear , navigate to the Faunce House .
from the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity , navigate to the Minden Hall .
from the J.W. Wilson , navigate to the Manning .
from the Gardner House , navigate to the Shirley Miller House .
from the Mencoff Hall , navigate to the Medical Research Lab .
from the Robinson Hall , navigate to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
from the Slater Hall , navigate to the Rockefeller Library .
from the Slater Hall , navigate to the Mencoff Hall .
from the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority , navigate to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
from the Simmons Quadrangle , navigate to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
from the Robinson Gate , navigate to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
from the Finlandia , navigate to the War Memorial .
from the John Hay Library , navigate to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
from the John Nicholas Brown Gate , navigate to the Prince Engineering Lab .
from the Faunce House , navigate to the Sears .
visit the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate and then proceed to the Maxcy Green .
visit the Lippit House and then proceed to the Marston Hall .
visit the University Hall and then proceed to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
visit the Salomon Center for Teaching and then proceed to the Minden Hall .
visit the Lot 76 and then proceed to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
visit the Sears and then proceed to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
visit the Hegeman and then proceed to the Robinson Gate .
visit the Medical Research Lab and then proceed to the Littlefield Hall .
visit the John Hay Library and then proceed to the BERT .
visit the Marcus Aurelius and then proceed to the Faunce House .
visit the Finlandia and then proceed to the Medical Research Lab .
visit the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate and then proceed to the Maxcy Green .
visit the William Goddard Memorial Gate and then proceed to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
visit the J.W. Wilson and then proceed to the Starbucks .
visit the Starbucks and then proceed to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
visit the The Ivy Room and then proceed to the Wilbour Hall .
visit the John Hay Library and then proceed to the Hope College .
visit the Horace Mann House and then proceed to the Littlefield Hall .
visit the Hope College and then proceed to the Prospect House .
visit the J.W. Wilson and then proceed to the Friedman Hall .
visit the Lot 76 and then proceed to the Caswell Hall .
visit the Caswell Hall and then proceed to the War Memorial .
visit the Urban Environmental Lab and then proceed to the Shirley Miller House .
visit the Wayland and then proceed to the Kassar House .
visit the Hope College and then proceed to the Walter Hall .
visit the Sayles Hall and then proceed to the Robinson Gate .
visit the Hughes Court and then proceed to the Robinson Hall .
visit the Hope College and then proceed to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
visit the Brown University Sciences Library and then proceed to the Lot 76 .
visit the Lot 17 and then proceed to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
visit the Hope College and then proceed to the P-131317 .
visit the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ and then proceed to the Prince Engineering Lab .
visit the P-131317 and then proceed to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
visit the Lippit House and then proceed to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
visit the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall and then proceed to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
visit the BERT and then proceed to the Blue Room .
visit the Mencoff Hall and then proceed to the Campus Market .
visit the Simmons Quadrangle and then proceed to the Robinson Gate .
visit the Lot 17 and then proceed to the Brown Bear .
visit the Class of 1887 Gate and then proceed to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
visit the Starbucks and then proceed to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
visit the Marston Hall and then proceed to the P-131317 .
visit the Manning and then proceed to the Finlandia .
visit the Marston Hall and then proceed to the Wayland .
visit the Wilbour Hall and then proceed to the College Green .
visit the Class of 1872 Gate and then proceed to the The Ivy Room .
visit the Saint Stephens Church and then proceed to the Wriston Quad .
visit the Slavery Memorial and then proceed to the Blue Room .
visit the Maxcy Green and then proceed to the Blue Room .
visit the Robinson Hall and then proceed to the College Green .
always go from the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop to the Littlefield Hall .
always go from the Slavery Memorial to the Blue Room .
always go from the Hegeman to the Starbucks .
always go from the List Art Building to the Wilbour Hall .
always go from the Brown Bear to the Sears .
always go from the Casey Shearer Memorial to the Kassar House .
always go from the Soldiers Memorial Gate to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
always go from the Barus Building to the Metcalf Research Building .
always go from the War Memorial to the Robinson Gate .
always go from the P-131317 to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
always go from the Soldiers Memorial Gate to the Lippit House .
always go from the Rockefeller Library to the War Memorial .
always go from the Brown Bear to the Campus Market .
always go from the Horace Mann House to the Lyman Hall .
always go from the Class of 1872 Gate to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
always go from the Mencoff Hall to the Maxcy Hall .
always go from the Campus Market to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
always go from the Lippit House to the Littlefield Hall .
always go from the Lot 18 to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
always go from the Lot 76 to the Idee di pietra .
always go from the Simmons Quadrangle to the Lot 76 .
always go from the Barus Building to the Van Wickle Gates .
always go from the J.W. Wilson to the Barus Building .
always go from the College Green to the John Hay Library .
always go from the Brown University Sciences Library to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
always go from the Rockefeller Library to the Van Wickle Gates .
always go from the Kassar House to the Walter Hall .
always go from the Manning to the 86 Waterman  .
always go from the Prince Engineering Lab to the Slater Hall .
always go from the Prospect House to the Lincoln Field Building .
always go from the Marston Hall to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
always go from the Hughes Court to the Wayland .
always go from the Barus Building to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
always go from the Maxcy Hall to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
always go from the Metcalf Research Building to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
always go from the Maxcy Hall to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
always go from the The Ivy Room to the Blue Room .
always go from the Hope College to the Marston Hall .
always go from the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology to the Maxcy Green .
always go from the Idee di pietra to the Lyman Hall .
always go from the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
always go from the Manning to the Brown University .
always go from the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate to the Maddock Alumni  .
always go from the Marston Hall to the John Hay Library .
always go from the Lot 76 to the Campus Market .
always go from the Untitled Lamp/Bear to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
always go from the Hughes Court to the John Carter Brown Library .
always go from the Circle Dance Sculpture to the Brown Bear .
always go from the Manning to the Van Wickle Gates .
always go from the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to the Barus Building , then go to the Norwood House .
go to the 67 George , then go to the P-131317 .
go to the Quiet Green , then go to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the BERT , then go to the Gardner House .
go to the Sharpe Refectory , then go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to the 67 George , then go to the Walter Hall .
go to the Lot 17 , then go to the Slavery Memorial .
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority , then go to the Wriston Quad .
go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear , then go to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to the Idee di pietra , then go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to the 67 George , then go to the Slater Hall .
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop , then go to the Kassar House .
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ , then go to the Rhode Island Hall .
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ , then go to the Lot 76 .
go to the Casey Shearer Memorial , then go to the Marston Hall .
go to the Sears , then go to the 67 George .
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology , then go to the Robinson Hall .
go to the Maxcy Green , then go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to the Circle Dance Sculpture , then go to the Prospect House .
go to the John Hay Library , then go to the Sears .
go to the Brown University , then go to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to the Marcus Aurelius , then go to the Robinson Hall .
go to the Idee di pietra , then go to the Carrie Tower .
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority , then go to the Sharpe Refectory .
go to the Brown Bear , then go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to the Idee di pietra , then go to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to the Barus Building , then go to the Carrie Tower .
go to the Saint Stephens Church , then go to the Gardner House .
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ , then go to the Hope College .
go to the Carrie Tower , then go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to the College Green , then go to the Kassar House .
go to the Van Wickle Gates , then go to the Citizen's Bank .
go to the Minden Hall , then go to the Marcus Aurelius .
go to the Prince Engineering Lab , then go to the Marcus Aurelius .
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop , then go to the Norwood House .
go to the Caswell Hall , then go to the Hughes Court .
go to the Idee di pietra , then go to the Shirley Miller House .
go to the Sayles Hall , then go to the List Art Building .
go to the Van Wickle Gates , then go to the Idee di pietra .
go to the Brown Bear , then go to the Rockefeller Library .
go to the University Hall , then go to the Robinson Hall .
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall , then go to the J.W. Wilson .
go to the 67 George , then go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to the Sears , then go to the Shirley Miller House .
go to the John Carter Brown Library , then go to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to the Gardner House , then go to the Wayland .
go to the Caswell Hall , then go to the Rockefeller Library .
go to the Brown University , then go to the College Green .
go to the Sears , then go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to the Medical Research Lab , then go to the Lot 18 .
go to the Citizen's Bank , then go to the Sharpe Refectory .
go to the Robinson Gate , then go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to the Wriston Quad , then go to the Brown Bear .
go to the Sayles Hall , then go to the Marcus Aurelius .
go to the Lyman Hall , then go to the Robinson Gate .
go to the Urban Environmental Lab after you go to the Brown Bear .
go to the Barus Building after you go to the Carrie Tower .
go to the Class of 1872 Gate after you go to the Caswell Hall .
go to the Lot 18 after you go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to the Metcalf Research Building after you go to the Class of 1872 Gate .
go to the Lot 76 after you go to the Sayles Hall .
go to the Slavery Memorial after you go to the John Hay Library .
go to the John Hay Library after you go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate after you go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to the Brown University Sciences Library after you go to the Rockefeller Library .
go to the War Memorial after you go to the Brown University Sciences Library .
go to the Swearer Center for Public Service after you go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to the Starbucks after you go to the John Hay Library .
go to the Prince Engineering Lab after you go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to the John Hay Library after you go to the Marcus Aurelius .
go to the Class of 1887 Gate after you go to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to the Walter Hall after you go to the The Ivy Room .
go to the Urban Environmental Lab after you go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to the Brown Bear after you go to the Sears .
go to the Slavery Memorial after you go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to the Finlandia after you go to the Slater Hall .
go to the Minden Hall after you go to the Maddock Alumni  .
go to the BERT after you go to the Maddock Alumni  .
go to the Littlefield Hall after you go to the Wilbour Hall .
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology after you go to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Kassar House after you go to the Finlandia .
go to the Friedman Hall after you go to the Gardner House .
go to the Maxcy Green after you go to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate after you go to the Simmons Quadrangle .
go to the Saint Stephens Church after you go to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to the Maxcy Hall after you go to the J.W. Wilson .
go to the College Green after you go to the Simmons Quadrangle .
go to the Prospect House after you go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to the Robinson Hall after you go to the Minden Hall .
go to the Maddock Alumni  after you go to the College Green .
go to the Caswell Hall after you go to the Wriston Quad .
go to the Saint Stephens Church after you go to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Manning after you go to the Prospect House .
go to the Lincoln Field Building after you go to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to the Friedman Hall after you go to the P-131317 .
go to the Hughes Court after you go to the Rockefeller Library .
go to the College Green after you go to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to the Blue Room after you go to the Barus Building .
go to the Brown Bear after you go to the Slater Hall .
go to the Rockefeller Library after you go to the J.W. Wilson .
go to the Prospect House after you go to the Lot 76 .
go to the Faunce House after you go to the Class of 1887 Gate .
go to the Starbucks after you go to the Lot 76 .
go to the Medical Research Lab after you go to the Slavery Memorial .
go to the Maxcy Green after you go to the Sears .
go to the Saint Stephens Church after you go to the Starbucks .
go to the John Hay Library after you go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to the Slater Hall after you go to the Marston Hall .
go to the Maddock Alumni  after you go to the Rhode Island Hall .
go to the John Carter Brown Library after you go to the Lippit House .
go to the Barus Building after going to the BERT .
go to the Kassar House after going to the Shirley Miller House .
go to the College Green after going to the Sharpe Refectory .
go to the 86 Waterman  after going to the Brown Bear .
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop after going to the Rhode Island Hall .
go to the Robinson Hall after going to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall after going to the Lippit House .
go to the P-131317 after going to the Sharpe Refectory .
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology after going to the J.W. Wilson .
go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology after going to the Carrie Tower .
go to the Circle Dance Sculpture after going to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to the Campus Market after going to the Brown University Sciences Library .
go to the Blue Room after going to the Minden Hall .
go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate after going to the Hughes Court .
go to the War Memorial after going to the John Hay Library .
go to the 86 Waterman  after going to the Kassar House .
go to the John Hay Library after going to the Brown Bear .
go to the Kassar House after going to the Brown Bear .
go to the Lippit House after going to the Caswell Hall .
go to the Kassar House after going to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to the Urban Environmental Lab after going to the Wayland .
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall after going to the Arnold Laboratory .
go to the 67 George after going to the 86 Waterman  .
go to the List Art Building after going to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to the Maxcy Green after going to the Robinson Hall .
go to the Slavery Memorial after going to the Wilbour Hall .
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color after going to the 67 George .
go to the Wriston Quad after going to the Hughes Court .
go to the Shirley Miller House after going to the Brown Bear .
go to the Starbucks after going to the Rhode Island Hall .
go to the Van Wickle Gates after going to the Lot 17 .
go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate after going to the Littlefield Hall .
go to the Swearer Center for Public Service after going to the Prince Engineering Lab .
go to the Lot 76 after going to the Brown Bear .
go to the BERT after going to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate after going to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority after going to the Sayles Hall .
go to the Lyman Hall after going to the Finlandia .
go to the Arnold Laboratory after going to the Simmons Quadrangle .
go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate after going to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to the Brown Bear after going to the Medical Research Lab .
go to the Maxcy Green after going to the Metcalf Research Building .
go to the 67 George after going to the Class of 1872 Gate .
go to the Class of 1872 Gate after going to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to the List Art Building after going to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to the Van Wickle Gates after going to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to the Hughes Court after going to the Campus Market .
go to the 67 George after going to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to the The Ivy Room after going to the Faunce House .
go to the Lot 76 after going to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to the Rockefeller Library after going to the John Carter Brown Library .
go to the J.W. Wilson after going to the Kassar House .
go to the Manning after going to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to the Citizen's Bank after going to the University Hall .
go through the Blue Room to the Campus Market .
go through the John Nicholas Brown Gate to the Sharpe Refectory .
go through the Idee di pietra to the Robinson Hall .
go through the Class of 1872 Gate to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go through the Hope College to the Simmons Quadrangle .
go through the BERT to the Hope College .
go through the Robinson Hall to the Gardner House .
go through the Maddock Alumni  to the Lincoln Field Building .
go through the Sharpe Refectory to the Starbucks .
go through the Sayles Hall to the Saint Stephens Church .
go through the Lyman Hall to the Rhode Island Hall .
go through the The Ivy Room to the Wilbour Hall .
go through the Idee di pietra to the Prince Engineering Lab .
go through the Wilbour Hall to the Slater Hall .
go through the Brown Bear to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
go through the John Hay Library to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go through the Lyman Hall to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go through the Gardner House to the Brown Bear .
go through the Campus Market to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go through the Robinson Gate to the Class of 1872 Gate .
go through the Medical Research Lab to the Slater Hall .
go through the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ to the Sharpe Refectory .
go through the Horace Mann House to the 67 George .
go through the Hughes Court to the Medical Research Lab .
go through the List Art Building to the Urban Environmental Lab .
go through the John Nicholas Brown Gate to the Simmons Quadrangle .
go through the Prospect House to the Carrie Tower .
go through the Marston Hall to the Class of 1887 Gate .
go through the Mencoff Hall to the Arnold Laboratory .
go through the Friedman Hall to the Sayles Hall .
go through the Lyman Hall to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
go through the Circle Dance Sculpture to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go through the University Hall to the Caswell Hall .
go through the Sharpe Refectory to the War Memorial .
go through the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity to the Hegeman .
go through the Prince Engineering Lab to the Prospect House .
go through the Maddock Alumni  to the Slater Hall .
go through the Norwood House to the John Carter Brown Library .
go through the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity to the Lippit House .
go through the Minden Hall to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go through the Sears to the Wriston Quad .
go through the John Carter Brown Library to the Carrie Tower .
go through the Gardner House to the Slater Hall .
go through the Soldiers Memorial Gate to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go through the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop to the Gardner House .
go through the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall to the Idee di pietra .
go through the Brown University to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go through the Walter Hall to the Wayland .
go through the The Ivy Room to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go through the Slavery Memorial to the Class of 1887 Gate .
go through the War Memorial to the Manning .
go through the Slater Hall to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go through the Maxcy Green to the J.W. Wilson .
go to the Hegeman through the Slavery Memorial .
go to the Van Wickle Gates through the Wriston Quad .
go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate through the Brown University Sciences Library .
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology through the Slavery Memorial .
go to the Class of 1872 Gate through the Lot 76 .
go to the Swearer Center for Public Service through the Blue Room .
go to the Mencoff Hall through the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to the Lot 18 through the Gardner House .
go to the Hughes Court through the P-131317 .
go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology through the Lincoln Field Building .
go to the War Memorial through the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to the College Green through the Gardner House .
go to the Idee di pietra through the Citizen's Bank .
go to the Casey Shearer Memorial through the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Brown Bear through the Brown University Sciences Library .
go to the Lot 17 through the Starbucks .
go to the Brown University through the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to the John Hay Library through the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to the Littlefield Hall through the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to the The Ivy Room through the Maddock Alumni  .
go to the Medical Research Lab through the Brown Bear .
go to the Wilbour Hall through the Brown University .
go to the Quiet Green through the Brown Bear .
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology through the Citizen's Bank .
go to the Wayland through the Friedman Hall .
go to the Citizen's Bank through the Sharpe Refectory .
go to the Walter Hall through the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to the Faunce House through the Manning .
go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate through the Saint Stephens Church .
go to the Wayland through the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to the Slavery Memorial through the Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to the Rhode Island Hall through the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority through the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to the 86 Waterman  through the Lincoln Field Building .
go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear through the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to the Wayland through the War Memorial .
go to the Metcalf Research Building through the 67 George .
go to the Maxcy Green through the Wilbour Hall .
go to the J.W. Wilson through the Horace Mann House .
go to the Robinson Hall through the Class of 1872 Gate .
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity through the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to the Slater Hall through the Mencoff Hall .
go to the The Ivy Room through the Saint Stephens Church .
go to the Mencoff Hall through the Maddock Alumni  .
go to the Swearer Center for Public Service through the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology through the Arnold Laboratory .
go to the College Green through the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to the Rockefeller Library through the Finlandia .
go to the University Hall through the Wayland .
go to the Campus Market through the Barus Building .
go to the Hope College through the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Wayland through the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Brown Bear through the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Van Wickle Gates through the J.W. Wilson .
go to the Lot 18 through the Starbucks .
go to the Quiet Green through the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop through the Sayles Hall .
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology through the Hughes Court .
visit the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences then go to the Slavery Memorial .
visit the Finlandia then go to the Faunce House .
visit the Friedman Hall then go to the Sayles Hall .
visit the Class of 1887 Gate then go to the Blue Room .
visit the Finlandia then go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
visit the Starbucks then go to the Maxcy Hall .
visit the 67 George then go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
visit the Van Wickle Gates then go to the Maddock Alumni  .
visit the Marston Hall then go to the Lot 76 .
visit the Slater Hall then go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
visit the Lippit House then go to the Simmons Quadrangle .
visit the Untitled Lamp/Bear then go to the Citizen's Bank .
visit the John Carter Brown Library then go to the War Memorial .
visit the Van Wickle Gates then go to the Kassar House .
visit the 67 George then go to the Maxcy Green .
visit the Wilbour Hall then go to the 67 George .
visit the Carrie Tower then go to the 86 Waterman  .
visit the Van Wickle Gates then go to the Campus Market .
visit the Lot 17 then go to the Urban Environmental Lab .
visit the Lot 18 then go to the List Art Building .
visit the William Goddard Memorial Gate then go to the Shirley Miller House .
visit the Kassar House then go to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
visit the Circle Dance Sculpture then go to the Sharpe Refectory .
visit the List Art Building then go to the Carrie Tower .
visit the Urban Environmental Lab then go to the Metcalf Research Building .
visit the Lyman Hall then go to the Brown Bear .
visit the Lippit House then go to the John Hay Library .
visit the Campus Market then go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
visit the College Green then go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
visit the Robinson Gate then go to the Marcus Aurelius .
visit the Hope College then go to the John Carter Brown Library .
visit the Marcus Aurelius then go to the Blue Room .
visit the Carrie Tower then go to the Kassar House .
visit the John Hay Library then go to the Campus Market .
visit the Friedman Hall then go to the Van Wickle Gates .
visit the Hope College then go to the P-131317 .
visit the 86 Waterman  then go to the Prospect House .
visit the Marcus Aurelius then go to the Wilbour Hall .
visit the Carrie Tower then go to the Horace Mann House .
visit the Prince Engineering Lab then go to the Class of 1887 Gate .
visit the Robinson Hall then go to the Faunce House .
visit the Lincoln Field Building then go to the Rhode Island Hall .
visit the Prince Engineering Lab then go to the Van Wickle Gates .
visit the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate then go to the Barus Building .
visit the Maddock Alumni  then go to the Slater Hall .
visit the Sayles Hall then go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
visit the Rhode Island Hall then go to the Wriston Quad .
visit the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity then go to the Barus Building .
visit the BERT then go to the Robinson Hall .
visit the Class of 1887 Gate then go to the Citizen's Bank .
move to anywhere on the Untitled Lamp/Bear , then move to anywhere on the Brown Center for Students of Color .
move to anywhere on the Shirley Miller House , then move to anywhere on the Arnold Laboratory .
move to anywhere on the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop , then move to anywhere on the Finlandia .
move to anywhere on the Brown Center for Students of Color , then move to anywhere on the BERT .
move to anywhere on the Starbucks , then move to anywhere on the List Art Building .
move to anywhere on the Rockefeller Library , then move to anywhere on the Class of 1887 Gate .
move to anywhere on the Maddock Alumni  , then move to anywhere on the Kassar House .
move to anywhere on the Minden Hall , then move to anywhere on the John Hay Library .
move to anywhere on the Maddock Alumni  , then move to anywhere on the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
move to anywhere on the Lippit House , then move to anywhere on the Brown University Sciences Library .
move to anywhere on the Gardner House , then move to anywhere on the Quiet Green .
move to anywhere on the Caswell Hall , then move to anywhere on the Watson Center for Information Technology .
move to anywhere on the Blue Room , then move to anywhere on the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
move to anywhere on the Brown University , then move to anywhere on the Maxcy Green .
move to anywhere on the The Ivy Room , then move to anywhere on the 86 Waterman  .
move to anywhere on the Walter Hall , then move to anywhere on the Gardner House .
move to anywhere on the Saint Stephens Church , then move to anywhere on the Lippit House .
move to anywhere on the Arnold Laboratory , then move to anywhere on the Lot 17 .
move to anywhere on the Prince Engineering Lab , then move to anywhere on the Lot 17 .
move to anywhere on the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall , then move to anywhere on the Class of 1872 Gate .
move to anywhere on the Brown Bear , then move to anywhere on the Hughes Court .
move to anywhere on the Untitled Lamp/Bear , then move to anywhere on the Lyman Hall .
move to anywhere on the Hegeman , then move to anywhere on the Simmons Quadrangle .
move to anywhere on the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity , then move to anywhere on the Lot 76 .
move to anywhere on the BERT , then move to anywhere on the Hughes Court .
move to anywhere on the Idee di pietra , then move to anywhere on the Prince Engineering Lab .
move to anywhere on the University Hall , then move to anywhere on the Quiet Green .
move to anywhere on the Salomon Center for Teaching , then move to anywhere on the Wayland .
move to anywhere on the John Carter Brown Library , then move to anywhere on the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
move to anywhere on the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall , then move to anywhere on the Lot 18 .
move to anywhere on the John Hay Library , then move to anywhere on the Horace Mann House .
move to anywhere on the William Goddard Memorial Gate , then move to anywhere on the Lot 76 .
move to anywhere on the Caswell Hall , then move to anywhere on the The Ivy Room .
move to anywhere on the Saint Stephens Church , then move to anywhere on the Kassar House .
move to anywhere on the 67 George , then move to anywhere on the Friedman Hall .
move to anywhere on the Sayles Hall , then move to anywhere on the Rockefeller Library .
move to anywhere on the Swearer Center for Public Service , then move to anywhere on the Brown Bear .
move to anywhere on the Gardner House , then move to anywhere on the Robinson Gate .
move to anywhere on the Soldiers Memorial Gate , then move to anywhere on the Maxcy Hall .
move to anywhere on the Class of 1872 Gate , then move to anywhere on the Littlefield Hall .
move to anywhere on the John Nicholas Brown Gate , then move to anywhere on the Circle Dance Sculpture .
move to anywhere on the Maxcy Hall , then move to anywhere on the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
move to anywhere on the Lincoln Field Building , then move to anywhere on the Lyman Hall .
move to anywhere on the Van Wickle Gates , then move to anywhere on the Salomon Center for Teaching .
move to anywhere on the Littlefield Hall , then move to anywhere on the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
move to anywhere on the Casey Shearer Memorial , then move to anywhere on the Lippit House .
move to anywhere on the Gardner House , then move to anywhere on the Maxcy Green .
move to anywhere on the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity , then move to anywhere on the Circle Dance Sculpture .
move to anywhere on the Lippit House , then move to anywhere on the Brown University .
move to anywhere on the Brown Bear , then move to anywhere on the Norwood House .
navigate to the Robinson Hall through the Lippit House .
navigate to the College Green through the Watson Center for Information Technology .
navigate to the Norwood House through the Shirley Miller House .
navigate to the Barus Building through the Hegeman .
navigate to the Brown University Sciences Library through the John Hay Library .
navigate to the Hughes Court through the P-131317 .
navigate to the Maddock Alumni  through the Walter Hall .
navigate to the Sears through the Quiet Green .
navigate to the Friedman Hall through the Class of 1872 Gate .
navigate to the Quiet Green through the Lippit House .
navigate to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate through the Urban Environmental Lab .
navigate to the Citizen's Bank through the Simmons Quadrangle .
navigate to the Walter Hall through the Marston Hall .
navigate to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall through the Faunce House .
navigate to the Quiet Green through the Salomon Center for Teaching .
navigate to the Rockefeller Library through the Gardner House .
navigate to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority through the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
navigate to the College Green through the Mencoff Hall .
navigate to the Wayland through the Blue Room .
navigate to the Minden Hall through the Idee di pietra .
navigate to the Robinson Gate through the John Hay Library .
navigate to the University Hall through the Lyman Hall .
navigate to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop through the Lot 17 .
navigate to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority through the Starbucks .
navigate to the Brown University through the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
navigate to the Lot 76 through the Maxcy Green .
navigate to the Faunce House through the Lot 76 .
navigate to the Prince Engineering Lab through the Faunce House .
navigate to the Robinson Gate through the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
navigate to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity through the Slavery Memorial .
navigate to the Lincoln Field Building through the Gardner House .
navigate to the Marston Hall through the Prince Engineering Lab .
navigate to the Brown Bear through the Lyman Hall .
navigate to the Simmons Quadrangle through the Marcus Aurelius .
navigate to the Lincoln Field Building through the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
navigate to the Faunce House through the Slavery Memorial .
navigate to the John Carter Brown Library through the Circle Dance Sculpture .
navigate to the Mencoff Hall through the Caswell Hall .
navigate to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences through the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
navigate to the Medical Research Lab through the Starbucks .
navigate to the Campus Market through the Hughes Court .
navigate to the Brown Bear through the Wriston Quad .
navigate to the Salomon Center for Teaching through the Brown Bear .
navigate to the William Goddard Memorial Gate through the Rhode Island Hall .
navigate to the Prince Engineering Lab through the Brown Bear .
navigate to the Finlandia through the Simmons Quadrangle .
navigate to the 67 George through the John Hay Library .
navigate to the Van Wickle Gates through the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
navigate to the Manning through the Barus Building .
navigate to the Lippit House through the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
navigate to the Brown University through the Finlandia .
navigate to the Finlandia through the War Memorial .
navigate to the 67 George through the Class of 1872 Gate .
navigate to the Arnold Laboratory through the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
navigate to the Norwood House through the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
navigate to the Finlandia through the The Ivy Room .
go to the Brown University Sciences Library then go to the Sharpe Refectory .
go to the Lincoln Field Building then go to the Barus Building .
go to the Lincoln Field Building then go to the Urban Environmental Lab .
go to the Lippit House then go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color then go to the Sears .
go to the Rhode Island Hall then go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to the P-131317 then go to the Carrie Tower .
go to the Brown University then go to the Citizen's Bank .
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate then go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to the Rockefeller Library then go to the Class of 1887 Gate .
go to the Sayles Hall then go to the Campus Market .
go to the Swearer Center for Public Service then go to the Lot 18 .
go to the Barus Building then go to the Sayles Hall .
go to the 86 Waterman  then go to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Norwood House then go to the Urban Environmental Lab .
go to the Kassar House then go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to the Robinson Gate then go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to the Blue Room then go to the 67 George .
go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate then go to the Mencoff Hall .
go to the Class of 1887 Gate then go to the Brown Bear .
go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences then go to the Barus Building .
go to the Robinson Hall then go to the Norwood House .
go to the Marcus Aurelius then go to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to the Sears then go to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Lyman Hall then go to the Class of 1887 Gate .
go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate then go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to the Sayles Hall then go to the Metcalf Research Building .
go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear then go to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to the Lot 18 then go to the Lot 76 .
go to the Faunce House then go to the Slavery Memorial .
go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate then go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to the Rhode Island Hall then go to the BERT .
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching then go to the Robinson Gate .
go to the Sayles Hall then go to the Blue Room .
go to the Sharpe Refectory then go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to the List Art Building then go to the Saint Stephens Church .
go to the John Hay Library then go to the Horace Mann House .
go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate then go to the Lyman Hall .
go to the Horace Mann House then go to the Manning .
go to the The Ivy Room then go to the List Art Building .
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate then go to the Hegeman .
go to the Maxcy Hall then go to the Finlandia .
go to the Sharpe Refectory then go to the Faunce House .
go to the Prospect House then go to the Starbucks .
go to the Minden Hall then go to the Gardner House .
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity then go to the Lyman Hall .
go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate then go to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to the Manning then go to the Gardner House .
go to the 67 George then go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to the Van Wickle Gates then go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to the Hope College then go to the Walter Hall .
go to the Medical Research Lab then go to the Quiet Green .
go to the Blue Room then go to the Marcus Aurelius .
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology then go to the College Green .
go to the Marston Hall then go to the Metcalf Research Building .
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity then go to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to the Wilbour Hall then go to the Brown Bear .
go to the Caswell Hall through the 67 George
go to the Maxcy Hall through the Rhode Island Hall
go to the Class of 1887 Gate through the Urban Environmental Lab
go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology through the John Hay Library
go to the Metcalf Research Building through the Class of 1887 Gate
go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate through the Gardner House
go to the Sayles Hall through the Mencoff Hall
go to the Caswell Hall through the John Hay Library
go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate through the Sears
go to the Faunce House through the Maxcy Green
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall through the Wriston Quad
go to the Arnold Laboratory through the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology through the Wilbour Hall
go to the Rhode Island Hall through the Blue Room
go to the Norwood House through the Brown University
go to the Medical Research Lab through the Lippit House
go to the Brown University Sciences Library through the Class of 1887 Gate
go to the 86 Waterman  through the Class of 1872 Gate
go to the University Hall through the John Hay Library
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop through the Hope College
go to the Lyman Hall through the Lippit House
go to the Quiet Green through the Arnold Laboratory
go to the Sears through the Brown Bear
go to the Slavery Memorial through the War Memorial
go to the Mencoff Hall through the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology through the Sayles Hall
go to the The Ivy Room through the Urban Environmental Lab
go to the John Hay Library through the Caswell Hall
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate through the Manning
go to the Lippit House through the Simmons Quadrangle
go to the War Memorial through the John Hay Library
go to the Robinson Hall through the BERT
go to the Wilbour Hall through the Robinson Gate
go to the Lyman Hall through the Horace Mann House
go to the The Ivy Room through the Norwood House
go to the Sayles Hall through the Slater Hall
go to the 86 Waterman  through the John Carter Brown Library
go to the Lyman Hall through the College Green
go to the Finlandia through the Brown University
go to the Littlefield Hall through the The Ivy Room
go to the Marston Hall through the Hegeman
go to the Kassar House through the J.W. Wilson
go to the John Hay Library through the Lyman Hall
go to the Kassar House through the Hope College
go to the The Ivy Room through the Lippit House
go to the Littlefield Hall through the Gardner House
go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences through the Quiet Green
go to the Quiet Green through the Brown Bear
go to the Minden Hall through the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority
go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology through the Lyman Hall
go to the War Memorial through the Rockefeller Library
go to the Quiet Green through the Friedman Hall
start on the Soldiers Memorial Gate , go directly to the Hughes Court .
start on the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology , go directly to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
start on the Idee di pietra , go directly to the Mencoff Hall .
start on the War Memorial , go directly to the University Hall .
start on the Minden Hall , go directly to the Robinson Hall .
start on the Brown University Sciences Library , go directly to the Hughes Court .
start on the Brown University , go directly to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
start on the Lyman Hall , go directly to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
start on the 67 George , go directly to the Lot 18 .
start on the Citizen's Bank , go directly to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
start on the John Carter Brown Library , go directly to the Shirley Miller House .
start on the Van Wickle Gates , go directly to the War Memorial .
start on the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ , go directly to the Sharpe Refectory .
start on the Lyman Hall , go directly to the Brown University .
start on the Soldiers Memorial Gate , go directly to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
start on the Rhode Island Hall , go directly to the Kassar House .
start on the BERT , go directly to the Slavery Memorial .
start on the Rhode Island Hall , go directly to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
start on the Walter Hall , go directly to the Horace Mann House .
start on the Sharpe Refectory , go directly to the John Carter Brown Library .
start on the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ , go directly to the John Hay Library .
start on the Medical Research Lab , go directly to the Manning .
start on the Lot 76 , go directly to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
start on the Simmons Quadrangle , go directly to the Maxcy Hall .
start on the Lyman Hall , go directly to the Walter Hall .
start on the Circle Dance Sculpture , go directly to the Robinson Hall .
start on the Quiet Green , go directly to the 86 Waterman  .
start on the Starbucks , go directly to the Carrie Tower .
start on the Swearer Center for Public Service , go directly to the Idee di pietra .
start on the John Hay Library , go directly to the Citizen's Bank .
start on the 67 George , go directly to the Minden Hall .
start on the Lyman Hall , go directly to the Sears .
start on the Brown Bear , go directly to the Kassar House .
start on the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ , go directly to the Prospect House .
start on the University Hall , go directly to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
start on the Kassar House , go directly to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
start on the Slater Hall , go directly to the Hughes Court .
start on the Medical Research Lab , go directly to the University Hall .
start on the 86 Waterman  , go directly to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
start on the University Hall , go directly to the Sayles Hall .
start on the BERT , go directly to the Lyman Hall .
start on the Shirley Miller House , go directly to the Robinson Hall .
start on the Manning , go directly to the 67 George .
start on the Blue Room , go directly to the Urban Environmental Lab .
start on the BERT , go directly to the Barus Building .
start on the Rhode Island Hall , go directly to the Manning .
start on the Untitled Lamp/Bear , go directly to the Urban Environmental Lab .
start on the Horace Mann House , go directly to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
start on the Class of 1887 Gate , go directly to the Horace Mann House .
start on the Starbucks , go directly to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
start on the Circle Dance Sculpture , go directly to the Brown Bear .
start on the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop , go directly to the Minden Hall .
go to the Shirley Miller House before you go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to the Lot 76 before you go to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Brown Bear before you go to the Wilbour Hall .
go to the Quiet Green before you go to the P-131317 .
go to the Norwood House before you go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to the Lincoln Field Building before you go to the Brown Bear .
go to the Blue Room before you go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to the Van Wickle Gates before you go to the List Art Building .
go to the Norwood House before you go to the Barus Building .
go to the Slater Hall before you go to the Quiet Green .
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall before you go to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Citizen's Bank before you go to the Robinson Hall .
go to the Wayland before you go to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to the Hughes Court before you go to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Medical Research Lab before you go to the Wayland .
go to the The Ivy Room before you go to the Hegeman .
go to the Idee di pietra before you go to the Medical Research Lab .
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity before you go to the Wilbour Hall .
go to the Brown University Sciences Library before you go to the Rhode Island Hall .
go to the College Green before you go to the Metcalf Research Building .
go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate before you go to the Wriston Quad .
go to the Class of 1872 Gate before you go to the Hegeman .
go to the Slavery Memorial before you go to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to the Barus Building before you go to the Urban Environmental Lab .
go to the Van Wickle Gates before you go to the Blue Room .
go to the Rockefeller Library before you go to the Wayland .
go to the 67 George before you go to the Marcus Aurelius .
go to the Lippit House before you go to the Sharpe Refectory .
go to the War Memorial before you go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to the Maddock Alumni  before you go to the Mencoff Hall .
go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences before you go to the University Hall .
go to the Van Wickle Gates before you go to the BERT .
go to the Saint Stephens Church before you go to the Wriston Quad .
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate before you go to the Robinson Hall .
go to the John Hay Library before you go to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to the Idee di pietra before you go to the Blue Room .
go to the Brown Bear before you go to the Minden Hall .
go to the Littlefield Hall before you go to the Citizen's Bank .
go to the P-131317 before you go to the Hope College .
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall before you go to the Marston Hall .
go to the Lincoln Field Building before you go to the Campus Market .
go to the Saint Stephens Church before you go to the Lot 18 .
go to the Brown University before you go to the Rockefeller Library .
go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences before you go to the List Art Building .
go to the John Hay Library before you go to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching before you go to the Medical Research Lab .
go to the P-131317 before you go to the J.W. Wilson .
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate before you go to the Wayland .
go to the Van Wickle Gates before you go to the List Art Building .
go to the Van Wickle Gates before you go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go through the Walter Hall to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go through the Simmons Quadrangle to the Marcus Aurelius .
go through the Lippit House to the Friedman Hall .
go through the Littlefield Hall to the Brown University .
go through the Maxcy Green to the College Green .
go through the Lyman Hall to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
go through the Lippit House to the Hegeman .
go through the Sharpe Refectory to the Medical Research Lab .
go through the Untitled Lamp/Bear to the List Art Building .
go through the Robinson Hall to the Marcus Aurelius .
go through the Brown University to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go through the Gardner House to the Simmons Quadrangle .
go through the Citizen's Bank to the Maxcy Hall .
go through the J.W. Wilson to the Minden Hall .
go through the Blue Room to the John Carter Brown Library .
go through the Brown University Sciences Library to the J.W. Wilson .
go through the Brown Bear to the Faunce House .
go through the Caswell Hall to the Wriston Quad .
go through the Salomon Center for Teaching to the Metcalf Research Building .
go through the Rockefeller Library to the Lincoln Field Building .
go through the Lincoln Field Building to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go through the Robinson Hall to the Faunce House .
go through the Arnold Laboratory to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go through the Shirley Miller House to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
go through the Rockefeller Library to the Brown University .
go through the Brown University to the Lippit House .
go through the Barus Building to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go through the Wriston Quad to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go through the Medical Research Lab to the Sears .
go through the Marcus Aurelius to the The Ivy Room .
go through the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall to the Brown University .
go through the John Hay Library to the Class of 1872 Gate .
go through the Marston Hall to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go through the 86 Waterman  to the Blue Room .
go through the Arnold Laboratory to the Robinson Hall .
go through the Circle Dance Sculpture to the Friedman Hall .
go through the Marston Hall to the Manning .
go through the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology to the Blue Room .
go through the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop to the John Hay Library .
go through the Manning to the Robinson Gate .
go through the Lot 76 to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go through the Faunce House to the Friedman Hall .
go through the College Green to the War Memorial .
go through the Manning to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go through the Brown University to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go through the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go through the Mencoff Hall to the Arnold Laboratory .
go through the Watson Center for Information Technology to the Idee di pietra .
go through the Maxcy Green to the Prince Engineering Lab .
go through the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority to the Prospect House .
go through the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall to the Class of 1887 Gate .
go through the The Ivy Room to the Saint Stephens Church .
go through the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority to the John Carter Brown Library .
go through the Wriston Quad to the Rhode Island Hall .
go through the Medical Research Lab to the J.W. Wilson .
go through the War Memorial to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go through the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority to the Urban Environmental Lab .
go through the Lot 76 to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go through the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology to the Brown University .
go to the Rockefeller Library and then go directly to the Walter Hall .
go to the Blue Room and then go directly to the Sharpe Refectory .
go to the Kassar House and then go directly to the Walter Hall .
go to the John Carter Brown Library and then go directly to the The Ivy Room .
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color and then go directly to the Marcus Aurelius .
go to the Shirley Miller House and then go directly to the Carrie Tower .
go to the Sayles Hall and then go directly to the Lippit House .
go to the Wriston Quad and then go directly to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop and then go directly to the Wilbour Hall .
go to the Wriston Quad and then go directly to the Idee di pietra .
go to the The Ivy Room and then go directly to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to the Hope College and then go directly to the Brown University .
go to the Swearer Center for Public Service and then go directly to the Brown Bear .
go to the Saint Stephens Church and then go directly to the College Green .
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop and then go directly to the 86 Waterman  .
go to the Saint Stephens Church and then go directly to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Prince Engineering Lab and then go directly to the Lot 76 .
go to the Quiet Green and then go directly to the Marston Hall .
go to the Finlandia and then go directly to the Class of 1872 Gate .
go to the Class of 1872 Gate and then go directly to the Sears .
go to the Wriston Quad and then go directly to the Littlefield Hall .
go to the Medical Research Lab and then go directly to the Friedman Hall .
go to the Lot 17 and then go directly to the Lincoln Field Building .
go to the Circle Dance Sculpture and then go directly to the Campus Market .
go to the Hughes Court and then go directly to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to the Lot 76 and then go directly to the Finlandia .
go to the Class of 1887 Gate and then go directly to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to the Brown University Sciences Library and then go directly to the Rhode Island Hall .
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color and then go directly to the Maxcy Green .
go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate and then go directly to the Campus Market .
go to the Van Wickle Gates and then go directly to the Walter Hall .
go to the John Carter Brown Library and then go directly to the Mencoff Hall .
go to the Brown University Sciences Library and then go directly to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority and then go directly to the War Memorial .
go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate and then go directly to the College Green .
go to the List Art Building and then go directly to the Rhode Island Hall .
go to the Brown Bear and then go directly to the Rockefeller Library .
go to the Faunce House and then go directly to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to the Arnold Laboratory and then go directly to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to the Saint Stephens Church and then go directly to the Sharpe Refectory .
go to the Gardner House and then go directly to the 67 George .
go to the John Hay Library and then go directly to the Arnold Laboratory .
go to the Rhode Island Hall and then go directly to the Maxcy Green .
go to the Lot 76 and then go directly to the Starbucks .
go to the Lippit House and then go directly to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to the Gardner House and then go directly to the Wayland .
go to the Brown University Sciences Library and then go directly to the Friedman Hall .
go to the Slater Hall and then go directly to the Quiet Green .
go to the Brown Bear and then go directly to the Lincoln Field Building .
go to the P-131317 and then go directly to the Norwood House .
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching and then go directly to the Marston Hall .
go to the University Hall and then go directly to the Starbucks .
go to the Lippit House and then go directly to the BERT .
go to the Marston Hall and then go directly to the Robinson Hall .
go to the List Art Building and then go directly to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Kassar House and then go directly to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to the College Green and then go directly to the The Ivy Room .
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate and then go directly to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to the Swearer Center for Public Service through the Sears
go to the Blue Room through the Maxcy Hall
go to the Mencoff Hall through the John Hay Library
go to the Simmons Quadrangle through the Watson Center for Information Technology
go to the Citizen's Bank through the The Ivy Room
go to the University Hall through the Class of 1887 Gate
go to the Van Wickle Gates through the Lot 76
go to the Van Wickle Gates through the War Memorial
go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate through the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop
go to the Finlandia through the Saint Stephens Church
go to the Rhode Island Hall through the Maxcy Hall
go to the J.W. Wilson through the Marston Hall
go to the Marcus Aurelius through the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity
go to the Lippit House through the Medical Research Lab
go to the Wriston Quad through the Sharpe Refectory
go to the War Memorial through the Saint Stephens Church
go to the Manning through the Arnold Laboratory
go to the Wilbour Hall through the Sayles Hall
go to the Wilbour Hall through the Lot 76
go to the Marston Hall through the Sayles Hall
go to the Sears through the Norwood House
go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate through the Arnold Laboratory
go to the Lincoln Field Building through the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate
go to the Minden Hall through the William Goddard Memorial Gate
go to the Kassar House through the Starbucks
go to the Lot 18 through the Hughes Court
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall through the 86 Waterman 
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop through the Brown Bear
go to the Van Wickle Gates through the Norwood House
go to the Swearer Center for Public Service through the Lippit House
go to the Littlefield Hall through the Maxcy Hall
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate through the Untitled Lamp/Bear
go to the Barus Building through the Horace Mann House
go to the Manning through the John Hay Library
go to the Class of 1887 Gate through the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity
go to the Finlandia through the 67 George
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching through the Lippit House
go to the P-131317 through the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority
go to the Friedman Hall through the Mencoff Hall
go to the Sears through the Manning
go to the Simmons Quadrangle through the Carrie Tower
go to the Wayland through the University Hall
go to the Wilbour Hall through the Marcus Aurelius
go to the Friedman Hall through the Van Wickle Gates
go to the Rockefeller Library through the Brown Bear
go to the Mencoff Hall through the 67 George
go to the Van Wickle Gates through the Prince Engineering Lab
go to the Simmons Quadrangle through the BERT
go to the Class of 1872 Gate through the Minden Hall
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority through the 86 Waterman 
go to the Prospect House through the Van Wickle Gates
go to the Robinson Gate through the Quiet Green
go to the Caswell Hall through the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to the Prince Engineering Lab through the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to the Horace Mann House through the Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate through the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to the Van Wickle Gates through the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to the Prospect House through the Lippit House .
go to the Wriston Quad through the Wayland .
go to the Wriston Quad through the Lyman Hall .
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop through the Caswell Hall .
go to the Simmons Quadrangle through the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to the John Carter Brown Library through the Slavery Memorial .
go to the Starbucks through the Maxcy Green .
go to the Lyman Hall through the Brown Bear .
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color through the Lot 17 .
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity through the 86 Waterman  .
go to the Mencoff Hall through the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to the Lippit House through the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to the Simmons Quadrangle through the Lyman Hall .
go to the Brown University through the Starbucks .
go to the Robinson Gate through the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to the Metcalf Research Building through the Quiet Green .
go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate through the Marcus Aurelius .
go to the Caswell Hall through the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to the Hope College through the Sears .
go to the Lincoln Field Building through the Idee di pietra .
go to the Slavery Memorial through the Lincoln Field Building .
go to the J.W. Wilson through the Wilbour Hall .
go to the Sayles Hall through the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to the Van Wickle Gates through the Citizen's Bank .
go to the Brown University through the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to the Finlandia through the Brown University .
go to the Hughes Court through the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching through the The Ivy Room .
go to the Metcalf Research Building through the Rhode Island Hall .
go to the Lot 76 through the Hope College .
go to the Idee di pietra through the Campus Market .
go to the Van Wickle Gates through the Kassar House .
go to the Robinson Hall through the Quiet Green .
go to the Class of 1872 Gate through the Robinson Hall .
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall through the J.W. Wilson .
go to the The Ivy Room through the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to the Sharpe Refectory through the Maddock Alumni  .
go to the Simmons Quadrangle through the Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to the War Memorial through the Urban Environmental Lab .
go to the Wriston Quad through the Mencoff Hall .
go to the Lyman Hall through the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to the BERT through the Rockefeller Library .
go to the John Hay Library through the Carrie Tower .
go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear through the 67 George .
go to the Robinson Hall through the Starbucks .
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop through the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to the Friedman Hall through the College Green .
go to the Hughes Court through the Carrie Tower .
go to the College Green through the Brown University .
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate through the Arnold Laboratory .
go to the Sharpe Refectory through the Faunce House .
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching through the Lippit House .
navigate to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall before going to the Maxcy Hall .
navigate to the Lyman Hall before going to the Lippit House .
navigate to the Sharpe Refectory before going to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
navigate to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate before going to the Faunce House .
navigate to the Marston Hall before going to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
navigate to the Maxcy Hall before going to the Minden Hall .
navigate to the Watson Center for Information Technology before going to the 86 Waterman  .
navigate to the Kassar House before going to the Idee di pietra .
navigate to the Slavery Memorial before going to the Wilbour Hall .
navigate to the Walter Hall before going to the Barus Building .
navigate to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop before going to the Robinson Hall .
navigate to the Lyman Hall before going to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
navigate to the Lot 18 before going to the List Art Building .
navigate to the Minden Hall before going to the Marston Hall .
navigate to the War Memorial before going to the Prospect House .
navigate to the College Green before going to the Horace Mann House .
navigate to the Robinson Gate before going to the Gardner House .
navigate to the Rockefeller Library before going to the Finlandia .
navigate to the List Art Building before going to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
navigate to the Marston Hall before going to the Shirley Miller House .
navigate to the Campus Market before going to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
navigate to the Robinson Hall before going to the 67 George .
navigate to the John Nicholas Brown Gate before going to the Lyman Hall .
navigate to the Horace Mann House before going to the Sharpe Refectory .
navigate to the Blue Room before going to the Campus Market .
navigate to the Sayles Hall before going to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
navigate to the Lot 18 before going to the Starbucks .
navigate to the Mencoff Hall before going to the Horace Mann House .
navigate to the Robinson Hall before going to the Norwood House .
navigate to the Gardner House before going to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
navigate to the Lot 17 before going to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
navigate to the Van Wickle Gates before going to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
navigate to the Salomon Center for Teaching before going to the Hegeman .
navigate to the Brown University before going to the Lincoln Field Building .
navigate to the Lyman Hall before going to the The Ivy Room .
navigate to the Arnold Laboratory before going to the Sharpe Refectory .
navigate to the Lot 17 before going to the Carrie Tower .
navigate to the Sharpe Refectory before going to the Maxcy Hall .
navigate to the Hegeman before going to the Minden Hall .
navigate to the Simmons Quadrangle before going to the Saint Stephens Church .
navigate to the John Hay Library before going to the Lippit House .
navigate to the University Hall before going to the Friedman Hall .
navigate to the John Carter Brown Library before going to the Gardner House .
navigate to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority before going to the Van Wickle Gates .
navigate to the Caswell Hall before going to the Hughes Court .
navigate to the Robinson Hall before going to the Caswell Hall .
navigate to the Van Wickle Gates before going to the University Hall .
navigate to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate before going to the 67 George .
navigate to the Swearer Center for Public Service before going to the Barus Building .
navigate to the Campus Market before going to the Walter Hall .
navigate to the Lot 18 before going to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
navigate to the List Art Building before going to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
navigate to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity before going to the Shirley Miller House .
go to the Class of 1872 Gate , then head to the Prince Engineering Lab .
go to the Lot 76 , then head to the Kassar House .
go to the Hegeman , then head to the Mencoff Hall .
go to the Van Wickle Gates , then head to the Carrie Tower .
go to the Sears , then head to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to the J.W. Wilson , then head to the Finlandia .
go to the Norwood House , then head to the Barus Building .
go to the Lot 17 , then head to the Prospect House .
go to the Lot 17 , then head to the Campus Market .
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity , then head to the John Hay Library .
go to the Arnold Laboratory , then head to the Medical Research Lab .
go to the Friedman Hall , then head to the Rhode Island Hall .
go to the Brown Bear , then head to the The Ivy Room .
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity , then head to the Robinson Hall .
go to the Urban Environmental Lab , then head to the List Art Building .
go to the Hughes Court , then head to the Citizen's Bank .
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ , then head to the Wayland .
go to the Prince Engineering Lab , then head to the Caswell Hall .
go to the Brown University Sciences Library , then head to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to the The Ivy Room , then head to the Medical Research Lab .
go to the Finlandia , then head to the Norwood House .
go to the Sharpe Refectory , then head to the Lyman Hall .
go to the Slavery Memorial , then head to the Marston Hall .
go to the Hegeman , then head to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to the Brown University Sciences Library , then head to the Lyman Hall .
go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences , then head to the Maxcy Green .
go to the Maxcy Hall , then head to the J.W. Wilson .
go to the Maxcy Green , then head to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to the Lot 76 , then head to the J.W. Wilson .
go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences , then head to the P-131317 .
go to the Brown Bear , then head to the Manning .
go to the Robinson Gate , then head to the Lot 76 .
go to the Slater Hall , then head to the Kassar House .
go to the Idee di pietra , then head to the Brown Bear .
go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate , then head to the Sharpe Refectory .
go to the 67 George , then head to the Shirley Miller House .
go to the Metcalf Research Building , then head to the 86 Waterman  .
go to the Sears , then head to the Citizen's Bank .
go to the Idee di pietra , then head to the Sears .
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop , then head to the Class of 1872 Gate .
go to the Van Wickle Gates , then head to the Minden Hall .
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color , then head to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to the Saint Stephens Church , then head to the Lyman Hall .
go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate , then head to the Manning .
go to the Lot 76 , then head to the Horace Mann House .
go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate , then head to the Lot 18 .
go to the Gardner House , then head to the Brown Bear .
go to the Marston Hall , then head to the Wilbour Hall .
go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology , then head to the Hegeman .
go to the John Carter Brown Library , then head to the Medical Research Lab .
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority , then head to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate , then head to the Blue Room .
go to the Lot 17 , then head to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to War Memorial and then go to the Barus Building .
go to Brown Bear and then go to the BERT .
go to Lippit House and then go to the Quiet Green .
go to Class of 1887 Gate and then go to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to Brown Center for Students of Color and then go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to Marston Hall and then go to the Manning .
go to Barus Building and then go to the University Hall .
go to Medical Research Lab and then go to the Finlandia .
go to Hughes Court and then go to the Lot 17 .
go to Minden Hall and then go to the Slavery Memorial .
go to Watson Center for Information Technology and then go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to Hope College and then go to the Maxcy Green .
go to Maddock Alumni  and then go to the Medical Research Lab .
go to Metcalf Research Building and then go to the J.W. Wilson .
go to 67 George and then go to the Minden Hall .
go to Salomon Center for Teaching and then go to the Urban Environmental Lab .
go to Simmons Quadrangle and then go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to Medical Research Lab and then go to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall and then go to the Maxcy Hall .
go to Watson Center for Information Technology and then go to the War Memorial .
go to College Green and then go to the Prospect House .
go to Robinson Gate and then go to the Wayland .
go to John Carter Brown Library and then go to the 67 George .
go to BERT and then go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to Sears and then go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to Sears and then go to the War Memorial .
go to John Nicholas Brown Gate and then go to the The Ivy Room .
go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity and then go to the John Hay Library .
go to John Hay Library and then go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to Barus Building and then go to the Prince Engineering Lab .
go to Hughes Court and then go to the John Hay Library .
go to Sharpe Refectory and then go to the Simmons Quadrangle .
go to College Green and then go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to Wayland and then go to the Slater Hall .
go to Sayles Hall and then go to the Kassar House .
go to John Nicholas Brown Gate and then go to the John Carter Brown Library .
go to P-131317 and then go to the Horace Mann House .
go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ and then go to the Caswell Hall .
go to Soldiers Memorial Gate and then go to the Prince Engineering Lab .
go to Starbucks and then go to the Lippit House .
go to The Ivy Room and then go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate and then go to the Class of 1872 Gate .
go to Casey Shearer Memorial and then go to the Lippit House .
go to University Hall and then go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to Blue Room and then go to the Gardner House .
go to Rockefeller Library and then go to the Citizen's Bank .
go to Salomon Center for Teaching and then go to the Faunce House .
go to Norwood House and then go to the Kassar House .
go to Minden Hall and then go to the University Hall .
go to Van Wickle Gates and then go to the Finlandia .
go to Urban Environmental Lab and then go to the Prospect House .
go to Lincoln Field Building and then go to the Wriston Quad .
go to John Nicholas Brown Gate and then go to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to Soldiers Memorial Gate and then go to the P-131317 .
go to Brown University and then go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to John Hay Library and then go to the John Hay Library .
go to Carrie Tower and then go to the Class of 1887 Gate .
go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ and then go to the Walter Hall .
go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ and then go to the Blue Room .
go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences via Brown University Sciences Library .
go to the Caswell Hall via GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to the Caswell Hall via Lippit House .
go to the P-131317 via Class of 1872 Gate .
go to the Swearer Center for Public Service via Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to the 67 George via Mencoff Hall .
go to the Maxcy Hall via Hope College .
go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate via Sears .
go to the Faunce House via Maxcy Green .
go to the Class of 1872 Gate via John Hay Library .
go to the Marcus Aurelius via Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to the Robinson Hall via Shirley Miller House .
go to the Circle Dance Sculpture via Lippit House .
go to the 67 George via Class of 1887 Gate .
go to the Robinson Gate via Brown University .
go to the Gardner House via Robinson Gate .
go to the Brown University Sciences Library via Horace Mann House .
go to the Wriston Quad via Prospect House .
go to the 86 Waterman  via Citizen's Bank .
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall via Maddock Alumni  .
go to the Swearer Center for Public Service via Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Caswell Hall via BERT .
go to the Simmons Quadrangle via William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to the Van Wickle Gates via Brown University Sciences Library .
go to the Slavery Memorial via John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to the Saint Stephens Church via Brown Bear .
go to the Arnold Laboratory via Horace Mann House .
go to the Citizen's Bank via John Hay Library .
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate via Lippit House .
go to the John Hay Library via Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall via Friedman Hall .
go to the Van Wickle Gates via Kassar House .
go to the Van Wickle Gates via Metcalf Research Building .
go to the Walter Hall via Starbucks .
go to the Brown Bear via Robinson Hall .
go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear via Hope College .
go to the Littlefield Hall via Lot 76 .
go to the College Green via J.W. Wilson .
go to the Wayland via 67 George .
go to the Slater Hall via Class of 1872 Gate .
go to the Lippit House via 86 Waterman  .
go to the Arnold Laboratory via Kassar House .
go to the Medical Research Lab via Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to the Class of 1887 Gate via Caswell Hall .
go to the John Hay Library via Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to the Campus Market via Slavery Memorial .
go to the Hughes Court via Norwood House .
go to the Marcus Aurelius via Manning .
go to the Prospect House via Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Friedman Hall via Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Gardner House via Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to the Caswell Hall via John Hay Library .
go to the Wilbour Hall via William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to the Maddock Alumni  via Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching via Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to BERT before going to the Caswell Hall .
go to Arnold Laboratory before going to the Urban Environmental Lab .
go to Marcus Aurelius before going to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to Carrie Tower before going to the John Hay Library .
go to Class of 1872 Gate before going to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to John Carter Brown Library before going to the Saint Stephens Church .
go to Slavery Memorial before going to the Rhode Island Hall .
go to Prospect House before going to the Hope College .
go to Manning before going to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to Carrie Tower before going to the Kassar House .
go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology before going to the Class of 1887 Gate .
go to Prince Engineering Lab before going to the Caswell Hall .
go to Robinson Gate before going to the Urban Environmental Lab .
go to Marston Hall before going to the Hope College .
go to Littlefield Hall before going to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to J.W. Wilson before going to the Starbucks .
go to Brown University before going to the Blue Room .
go to Lot 17 before going to the Lot 18 .
go to Sears before going to the Quiet Green .
go to Manning before going to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to Kassar House before going to the Slater Hall .
go to Saint Stephens Church before going to the Friedman Hall .
go to Slavery Memorial before going to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to Lot 17 before going to the Carrie Tower .
go to Gardner House before going to the Norwood House .
go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate before going to the Finlandia .
go to Brown Center for Students of Color before going to the Lippit House .
go to Lippit House before going to the Lot 18 .
go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall before going to the P-131317 .
go to Saint Stephens Church before going to the 86 Waterman  .
go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop before going to the Hope College .
go to 86 Waterman  before going to the Lot 18 .
go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity before going to the Saint Stephens Church .
go to Mencoff Hall before going to the Brown University .
go to 86 Waterman  before going to the Gardner House .
go to Campus Market before going to the Quiet Green .
go to University Hall before going to the BERT .
go to Horace Mann House before going to the Sharpe Refectory .
go to Gardner House before going to the Medical Research Lab .
go to Barus Building before going to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to Sears before going to the Hughes Court .
go to Van Wickle Gates before going to the Hegeman .
go to Starbucks before going to the College Green .
go to John Hay Library before going to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to J.W. Wilson before going to the Friedman Hall .
go to Finlandia before going to the Idee di pietra .
go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology before going to the List Art Building .
go to Lyman Hall before going to the John Hay Library .
go to Sharpe Refectory before going to the Maddock Alumni  .
go to Lot 76 before going to the War Memorial .
go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority before going to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority before going to the Starbucks .
go to Robinson Hall before going to the Idee di pietra .
go to The Ivy Room before going to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to Sears before going to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to Horace Mann House before going to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to Hope College before going to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology before going to the Horace Mann House .
go to Maddock Alumni  before going to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to Mencoff Hall before going to the Minden Hall .
first move to Saint Stephens Church then navigate to the Walter Hall .
first move to Arnold Laboratory then navigate to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
first move to BERT then navigate to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
first move to Watson Center for Information Technology then navigate to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
first move to Metcalf Research Building then navigate to the John Hay Library .
first move to William Goddard Memorial Gate then navigate to the Marcus Aurelius .
first move to Idee di pietra then navigate to the Starbucks .
first move to Prospect House then navigate to the Maxcy Green .
first move to Manning then navigate to the Arnold Laboratory .
first move to Maxcy Hall then navigate to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
first move to List Art Building then navigate to the Shirley Miller House .
first move to Maxcy Hall then navigate to the John Hay Library .
first move to Metcalf Research Building then navigate to the Slavery Memorial .
first move to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop then navigate to the Brown University Sciences Library .
first move to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority then navigate to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
first move to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences then navigate to the BERT .
first move to Maxcy Hall then navigate to the Maddock Alumni  .
first move to Littlefield Hall then navigate to the Urban Environmental Lab .
first move to Maxcy Hall then navigate to the Minden Hall .
first move to Barus Building then navigate to the Slavery Memorial .
first move to John Hay Library then navigate to the Medical Research Lab .
first move to Hegeman then navigate to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
first move to Brown Center for Students of Color then navigate to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
first move to Shirley Miller House then navigate to the Slater Hall .
first move to Wilbour Hall then navigate to the Robinson Hall .
first move to Rhode Island Hall then navigate to the The Ivy Room .
first move to Starbucks then navigate to the Sayles Hall .
first move to Blue Room then navigate to the Norwood House .
first move to Wilbour Hall then navigate to the Lot 18 .
first move to Starbucks then navigate to the Blue Room .
first move to Manning then navigate to the Lot 18 .
first move to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate then navigate to the Prospect House .
first move to Lot 17 then navigate to the Lot 18 .
first move to Finlandia then navigate to the Friedman Hall .
first move to Maxcy Hall then navigate to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
first move to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences then navigate to the J.W. Wilson .
first move to Horace Mann House then navigate to the College Green .
first move to Citizen's Bank then navigate to the Barus Building .
first move to Sharpe Refectory then navigate to the Faunce House .
first move to P-131317 then navigate to the Barus Building .
first move to Soldiers Memorial Gate then navigate to the John Hay Library .
first move to J.W. Wilson then navigate to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
first move to Quiet Green then navigate to the Caswell Hall .
first move to Shirley Miller House then navigate to the Rhode Island Hall .
first move to Maxcy Hall then navigate to the Campus Market .
first move to Blue Room then navigate to the Faunce House .
first move to Van Wickle Gates then navigate to the Rhode Island Hall .
first move to Brown Bear then navigate to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
first move to Wilbour Hall then navigate to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
first move to Kassar House then navigate to the Friedman Hall .
first move to Brown Bear then navigate to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
first move to Lyman Hall then navigate to the John Carter Brown Library .
first move to Brown Bear then navigate to the List Art Building .
first move to John Hay Library then navigate to the Faunce House .
first move to Lyman Hall then navigate to the Idee di pietra .
first move to Finlandia then navigate to the J.W. Wilson .
go through Carrie Tower to the John Hay Library .
go through Brown Bear to the Simmons Quadrangle .
go through Minden Hall to the War Memorial .
go through Salomon Center for Teaching to the J.W. Wilson .
go through Untitled Lamp/Bear to the Slavery Memorial .
go through John Hay Library to the Metcalf Research Building .
go through Swearer Center for Public Service to the Barus Building .
go through Brown Bear to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go through Class of 1872 Gate to the Simmons Quadrangle .
go through Maxcy Hall to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go through Urban Environmental Lab to the Arnold Laboratory .
go through List Art Building to the Barus Building .
go through Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go through Minden Hall to the 67 George .
go through Robinson Gate to the Sayles Hall .
go through Metcalf Research Building to the 86 Waterman  .
go through War Memorial to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go through Marston Hall to the Carrie Tower .
go through Sears to the Van Wickle Gates .
go through Metcalf Research Building to the Maxcy Green .
go through List Art Building to the Hope College .
go through BERT to the Barus Building .
go through GeoChem and Macmillian Hall to the John Hay Library .
go through Rhode Island Hall to the Manning .
go through Robinson Gate to the Metcalf Research Building .
go through John Carter Brown Library to the Arnold Laboratory .
go through Mencoff Hall to the BERT .
go through Wayland to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go through Hope College to the Maxcy Hall .
go through Lot 18 to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go through Starbucks to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go through Finlandia to the Lot 17 .
go through Prospect House to the John Hay Library .
go through Finlandia to the J.W. Wilson .
go through Littlefield Hall to the War Memorial .
go through Rhode Island Hall to the Slater Hall .
go through J.W. Wilson to the Robinson Gate .
go through Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity to the Blue Room .
go through Minden Hall to the 67 George .
go through John Carter Brown Library to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go through Robinson Hall to the Friedman Hall .
go through Minden Hall to the Slater Hall .
go through Saint Stephens Church to the Brown University .
go through Urban Environmental Lab to the Norwood House .
go through University Hall to the Maxcy Hall .
go through Blue Room to the Kassar House .
go through Class of 1872 Gate to the Hegeman .
go through Wilbour Hall to the Hope College .
go through List Art Building to the Finlandia .
go through Robinson Gate to the Littlefield Hall .
go through J.W. Wilson to the Arnold Laboratory .
go through P-131317 to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go through Salomon Center for Teaching to the Minden Hall .
go through Watson Center for Information Technology to the Sears .
go through Urban Environmental Lab to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to Metcalf Research Building and then the J.W. Wilson
go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop and then the Maxcy Hall
go to Simmons Quadrangle and then the Wayland
go to Arnold Laboratory and then the 86 Waterman 
go to Wriston Quad and then the Finlandia
go to Gardner House and then the Maddock Alumni 
go to Citizen's Bank and then the Gardner House
go to Slater Hall and then the Swearer Center for Public Service
go to Sears and then the Kassar House
go to List Art Building and then the Metcalf Research Building
go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop and then the Brown Bear
go to Shirley Miller House and then the List Art Building
go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity and then the Lyman Hall
go to Van Wickle Gates and then the Norwood House
go to Littlefield Hall and then the Robinson Gate
go to Wilbour Hall and then the Lot 76
go to Marcus Aurelius and then the Barus Building
go to Horace Mann House and then the Watson Center for Information Technology
go to Brown Bear and then the Circle Dance Sculpture
go to Idee di pietra and then the Untitled Lamp/Bear
go to List Art Building and then the Hegeman
go to Maxcy Hall and then the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate
go to Brown Center for Students of Color and then the Van Wickle Gates
go to Prospect House and then the Class of 1887 Gate
go to Lyman Hall and then the Maxcy Green
go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate and then the Lippit House
go to Barus Building and then the Robinson Hall
go to Robinson Hall and then the Brown University
go to Barus Building and then the John Hay Library
go to Idee di pietra and then the Swearer Center for Public Service
go to Van Wickle Gates and then the Rockefeller Library
go to John Nicholas Brown Gate and then the Lippit House
go to Brown Bear and then the Medical Research Lab
go to Faunce House and then the Urban Environmental Lab
go to Brown University and then the Brown University Sciences Library
go to Brown University and then the Hope College
go to Brown Bear and then the Watson Center for Information Technology
go to Circle Dance Sculpture and then the 86 Waterman 
go to Marcus Aurelius and then the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ
go to Hope College and then the Lincoln Field Building
go to Littlefield Hall and then the Sharpe Refectory
go to John Hay Library and then the Brown Bear
go to Brown Bear and then the Simmons Quadrangle
go to The Ivy Room and then the Lot 76
go to The Ivy Room and then the Faunce House
go to War Memorial and then the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall
go to Minden Hall and then the Idee di pietra
go to Littlefield Hall and then the Simmons Quadrangle
go to Brown Bear and then the 86 Waterman 
go to Starbucks and then the Slavery Memorial
go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology and then the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ
go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ and then the Faunce House
go to Citizen's Bank and then the John Carter Brown Library
go to Shirley Miller House and then the Lyman Hall
go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences and then the Class of 1887 Gate
go to Blue Room and then the Friedman Hall
go to Robinson Hall and then the John Hay Library
go to Class of 1887 Gate and then the Lot 17
go to the Hegeman through Campus Market
go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate through Maddock Alumni 
go to the Slavery Memorial through Friedman Hall
go to the Circle Dance Sculpture through Soldiers Memorial Gate
go to the Simmons Quadrangle through John Carter Brown Library
go to the Marston Hall through Barus Building
go to the Urban Environmental Lab through Blue Room
go to the Robinson Hall through Urban Environmental Lab
go to the Friedman Hall through Untitled Lamp/Bear
go to the Class of 1872 Gate through P-131317
go to the Van Wickle Gates through Littlefield Hall
go to the Lot 17 through Citizen's Bank
go to the Manning through Hope College
go to the Hegeman through Carrie Tower
go to the Class of 1887 Gate through John Hay Library
go to the Horace Mann House through Wilbour Hall
go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology through Minden Hall
go to the Maxcy Hall through Urban Environmental Lab
go to the Lot 18 through Shirley Miller House
go to the Idee di pietra through Brown University
go to the Littlefield Hall through The Ivy Room
go to the BERT through Robinson Gate
go to the Shirley Miller House through Urban Environmental Lab
go to the John Carter Brown Library through University Hall
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity through GeoChem and Macmillian Hall
go to the Barus Building through Metcalf Research Building
go to the Maxcy Green through Salomon Center for Teaching
go to the John Hay Library through Lincoln Field Building
go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate through Faunce House
go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences through Rhode Island Hall
go to the List Art Building through Kassar House
go to the John Carter Brown Library through Norwood House
go to the College Green through Metcalf Research Building
go to the Lot 76 through Sharpe Refectory
go to the Wriston Quad through Citizen's Bank
go to the Medical Research Lab through Rhode Island Hall
go to the Hope College through Urban Environmental Lab
go to the Wriston Quad through Walter Hall
go to the Gardner House through Salomon Center for Teaching
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology through Brown Center for Students of Color
go to the Swearer Center for Public Service through Watson Center for Information Technology
go to the Minden Hall through Soldiers Memorial Gate
go to the Robinson Hall through Class of 1872 Gate
go to the Maxcy Hall through Carrie Tower
go to the Urban Environmental Lab through List Art Building
go to the Quiet Green through Brown University
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate through Hope College
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority through Finlandia
go to the Brown Bear through Maddock Alumni 
go to the Brown Bear through Saint Stephens Church
go to the Marcus Aurelius through Mencoff Hall
go to the Maxcy Hall through Horace Mann House
go to the Faunce House through Starbucks
go to the Rhode Island Hall through The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ
go through Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity before going to the Brown Bear .
go through Saint Stephens Church before going to the Brown Bear .
go through Circle Dance Sculpture before going to the Slater Hall .
go through Brown Center for Students of Color before going to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go through Sharpe Refectory before going to the Carrie Tower .
go through Wayland before going to the Friedman Hall .
go through Urban Environmental Lab before going to the Sharpe Refectory .
go through Maxcy Green before going to the Faunce House .
go through Littlefield Hall before going to the Norwood House .
go through Robinson Gate before going to the Lot 76 .
go through Slater Hall before going to the Wriston Quad .
go through Wilbour Hall before going to the Simmons Quadrangle .
go through Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology before going to the Slater Hall .
go through John Carter Brown Library before going to the Campus Market .
go through Swearer Center for Public Service before going to the Simmons Quadrangle .
go through Sayles Hall before going to the Arnold Laboratory .
go through BERT before going to the Lippit House .
go through John Hay Library before going to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go through The Ivy Room before going to the Norwood House .
go through Slavery Memorial before going to the Quiet Green .
go through Brown Bear before going to the John Carter Brown Library .
go through Minden Hall before going to the War Memorial .
go through Gardner House before going to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go through Blue Room before going to the Quiet Green .
go through 67 George before going to the Robinson Hall .
go through Walter Hall before going to the Prince Engineering Lab .
go through William Goddard Memorial Gate before going to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
go through The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ before going to the Maddock Alumni  .
go through Alpha Chi Omega Sorority before going to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go through Sayles Hall before going to the John Hay Library .
go through Norwood House before going to the Marcus Aurelius .
go through Maddock Alumni  before going to the Class of 1887 Gate .
go through The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ before going to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
go through Brown University before going to the Wayland .
go through Lincoln Field Building before going to the Marston Hall .
go through Starbucks before going to the Walter Hall .
go through Horace Mann House before going to the Brown Bear .
go through Marcus Aurelius before going to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go through Morgan Witter Rogers Gate before going to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
go through Morgan Witter Rogers Gate before going to the Slater Hall .
go through Hegeman before going to the BERT .
go through Brown Bear before going to the Blue Room .
go through Sayles Hall before going to the Slavery Memorial .
go through Van Wickle Gates before going to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go through Wayland before going to the Medical Research Lab .
go through Untitled Lamp/Bear before going to the John Hay Library .
go through List Art Building before going to the Carrie Tower .
go through University Hall before going to the Wriston Quad .
go through Metcalf Research Building before going to the Urban Environmental Lab .
go through John Hay Library before going to the Quiet Green .
go through Hughes Court before going to the List Art Building .
go through Saint Stephens Church before going to the Lyman Hall .
go through Starbucks before going to the Brown University .
navigate to Sharpe Refectory then continue to the Lot 17 .
navigate to Lyman Hall then continue to the John Hay Library .
navigate to Idee di pietra then continue to the Lippit House .
navigate to J.W. Wilson then continue to the Marcus Aurelius .
navigate to Arnold Laboratory then continue to the Maxcy Green .
navigate to Lot 17 then continue to the 67 George .
navigate to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall then continue to the Lyman Hall .
navigate to Metcalf Research Building then continue to the 67 George .
navigate to Class of 1887 Gate then continue to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
navigate to Caswell Hall then continue to the Mencoff Hall .
navigate to Gardner House then continue to the University Hall .
navigate to Hegeman then continue to the Sears .
navigate to Maddock Alumni  then continue to the Manning .
navigate to Faunce House then continue to the J.W. Wilson .
navigate to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority then continue to the Mencoff Hall .
navigate to War Memorial then continue to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
navigate to Starbucks then continue to the Norwood House .
navigate to Van Wickle Gates then continue to the BERT .
navigate to Idee di pietra then continue to the Robinson Gate .
navigate to Littlefield Hall then continue to the Lincoln Field Building .
navigate to Van Wickle Gates then continue to the Robinson Gate .
navigate to Mencoff Hall then continue to the Barus Building .
navigate to Class of 1887 Gate then continue to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
navigate to Walter Hall then continue to the Van Wickle Gates .
navigate to BERT then continue to the Kassar House .
navigate to Salomon Center for Teaching then continue to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
navigate to Untitled Lamp/Bear then continue to the Hughes Court .
navigate to Littlefield Hall then continue to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
navigate to Littlefield Hall then continue to the Lot 17 .
navigate to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority then continue to the Slavery Memorial .
navigate to Slater Hall then continue to the Brown University .
navigate to Van Wickle Gates then continue to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
navigate to Finlandia then continue to the Van Wickle Gates .
navigate to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority then continue to the Mencoff Hall .
navigate to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity then continue to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
navigate to John Hay Library then continue to the Lot 18 .
navigate to University Hall then continue to the Robinson Gate .
navigate to Arnold Laboratory then continue to the Slavery Memorial .
navigate to List Art Building then continue to the Barus Building .
navigate to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority then continue to the 86 Waterman  .
navigate to Sears then continue to the Metcalf Research Building .
navigate to Citizen's Bank then continue to the Maxcy Green .
navigate to Shirley Miller House then continue to the Hope College .
navigate to Lot 18 then continue to the Van Wickle Gates .
navigate to Caswell Hall then continue to the Medical Research Lab .
navigate to Prospect House then continue to the Carrie Tower .
navigate to Horace Mann House then continue to the Sears .
navigate to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity then continue to the Brown University Sciences Library .
navigate to Class of 1872 Gate then continue to the Lippit House .
navigate to Brown Center for Students of Color then continue to the Arnold Laboratory .
navigate to Class of 1887 Gate then continue to the Manning .
navigate to Maxcy Hall then continue to the Caswell Hall .
navigate to Idee di pietra then continue to the Brown Bear .
navigate to Minden Hall then continue to the Simmons Quadrangle .
navigate to Urban Environmental Lab then continue to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
navigate to Robinson Gate then continue to the Starbucks .
navigate to Van Wickle Gates then continue to the Friedman Hall .
navigate to Horace Mann House then continue to the Slater Hall .
navigate to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology then continue to the Urban Environmental Lab .
go to the Brown Bear through Sayles Hall .
go to the Lot 76 through Medical Research Lab .
go to the Brown Bear through Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to the Brown University through Campus Market .
go to the Walter Hall through Shirley Miller House .
go to the John Hay Library through Lot 18 .
go to the John Hay Library through 67 George .
go to the College Green through Kassar House .
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop through Robinson Hall .
go to the Hegeman through Robinson Gate .
go to the Barus Building through Robinson Hall .
go to the Manning through Maddock Alumni  .
go to the Maxcy Hall through Prince Engineering Lab .
go to the Robinson Hall through Idee di pietra .
go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear through The Ivy Room .
go to the Lyman Hall through Sears .
go to the John Hay Library through Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to the J.W. Wilson through Walter Hall .
go to the Maxcy Hall through Littlefield Hall .
go to the Simmons Quadrangle through William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to the Medical Research Lab through Maxcy Green .
go to the Slater Hall through Wayland .
go to the War Memorial through BERT .
go to the Sears through John Carter Brown Library .
go to the Maxcy Green through Finlandia .
go to the Wayland through Lot 18 .
go to the John Hay Library through Lippit House .
go to the Carrie Tower through Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to the Maddock Alumni  through William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to the John Carter Brown Library through Medical Research Lab .
go to the Horace Mann House through Carrie Tower .
go to the 67 George through Brown University Sciences Library .
go to the The Ivy Room through Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to the 86 Waterman  through Robinson Gate .
go to the Kassar House through Prospect House .
go to the Gardner House through Simmons Quadrangle .
go to the Prince Engineering Lab through Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to the Class of 1872 Gate through The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ through Carrie Tower .
go to the Lot 76 through Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Slavery Memorial through Gardner House .
go to the Mencoff Hall through Class of 1872 Gate .
go to the Finlandia through Class of 1887 Gate .
go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology through Brown University Sciences Library .
go to the Hughes Court through Sears .
go to the Gardner House through Hughes Court .
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall through Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to the Lyman Hall through 67 George .
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity through Lot 76 .
go to the Finlandia through Metcalf Research Building .
go to the Brown Bear through Minden Hall .
go to the Blue Room through Hegeman .
go to the Sharpe Refectory through Blue Room .
go to the Van Wickle Gates through Hughes Court .
go to the J.W. Wilson through Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to the P-131317 through Littlefield Hall .
go to the Saint Stephens Church through Marcus Aurelius .
go to the Walter Hall through Lot 18 .
go to the Faunce House through Hughes Court .
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ through Metcalf Research Building .
go to the Class of 1872 Gate through Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity through Caswell Hall .
go to the Hegeman through Van Wickle Gates .
go to the List Art Building through Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching through Lincoln Field Building .
go to the John Hay Library through Marcus Aurelius .
go to the Caswell Hall through Arnold Laboratory .
go to the Class of 1872 Gate through Lyman Hall .
go to the University Hall through J.W. Wilson .
go to the Metcalf Research Building through Manning .
go to the Lincoln Field Building through Hughes Court .
go to the Shirley Miller House through University Hall .
go to the Prince Engineering Lab through War Memorial .
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology through Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall through John Carter Brown Library .
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate through Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to the Wriston Quad through Blue Room .
go to the Lot 18 through Lippit House .
go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate through Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall through War Memorial .
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ through Class of 1887 Gate .
go to the Faunce House through John Hay Library .
go to the Blue Room through John Hay Library .
go to the Kassar House through Blue Room .
go to the Arnold Laboratory through Carrie Tower .
go to the University Hall through Walter Hall .
go to the Lot 76 through College Green .
go to the Class of 1872 Gate through Maxcy Hall .
go to the 86 Waterman  through GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to the Manning through War Memorial .
go to the Wriston Quad through Lippit House .
go to the College Green through Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate through Brown Bear .
go to the Metcalf Research Building through Brown University Sciences Library .
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color through Walter Hall .
go to the Class of 1887 Gate through Saint Stephens Church .
go to the Sayles Hall through Wayland .
go to the Wriston Quad through Marcus Aurelius .
go to the Brown Bear through Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to the Casey Shearer Memorial through Wilbour Hall .
go to the Idee di pietra through Class of 1872 Gate .
go to the Arnold Laboratory through Minden Hall .
go to the Norwood House through GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to the Horace Mann House through Walter Hall .
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority through Lincoln Field Building .
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching through Wriston Quad .
go to the Simmons Quadrangle through Hughes Court .
go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear through Medical Research Lab .
go to the Sears through Walter Hall .
go to the List Art Building through Campus Market .
go to the BERT through Sharpe Refectory .
go to the Lot 76 through Prince Engineering Lab .
go to the Slavery Memorial through P-131317 .
go to the Minden Hall through Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to the J.W. Wilson through Brown University .
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ through Robinson Gate .
go to the Sayles Hall through Slater Hall
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority through Slater Hall
go to the Class of 1872 Gate through John Hay Library
go to the Van Wickle Gates through Brown University
go to the University Hall through Van Wickle Gates
go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences through Sayles Hall
go to the Idee di pietra through Van Wickle Gates
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity through Morgan Witter Rogers Gate
go to the Wilbour Hall through War Memorial
go to the Littlefield Hall through Norwood House
go to the John Carter Brown Library through Norwood House
go to the The Ivy Room through University Hall
go to the Kassar House through Marston Hall
go to the Quiet Green through Campus Market
go to the Lyman Hall through Untitled Lamp/Bear
go to the Quiet Green through Lyman Hall
go to the P-131317 through Urban Environmental Lab
go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate through Marcus Aurelius
go to the Maxcy Hall through College Green
go to the Maxcy Green through Norwood House
go to the Shirley Miller House through Walter Hall
go to the Maxcy Green through Mencoff Hall
go to the Lippit House through Soldiers Memorial Gate
go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear through Alpha Chi Omega Sorority
go to the Wilbour Hall through Brown University
go to the Van Wickle Gates through Kassar House
go to the Medical Research Lab through The Ivy Room
go to the University Hall through John Carter Brown Library
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ through Circle Dance Sculpture
go to the Robinson Gate through Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity
go to the Robinson Hall through Circle Dance Sculpture
go to the Shirley Miller House through Sayles Hall
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority through Campus Market
go to the Circle Dance Sculpture through Class of 1872 Gate
go to the Sears through Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology
go to the Medical Research Lab through Carrie Tower
go to the Medical Research Lab through Sayles Hall
go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate through Morgan Witter Rogers Gate
go to the Maxcy Hall through Hope College
go to the Littlefield Hall through Wriston Quad
go to the Rockefeller Library through GeoChem and Macmillian Hall
go to the Hope College through Robinson Hall
go to the Class of 1872 Gate through Rhode Island Hall
go to the 86 Waterman  through Horace Mann House
go to the Sayles Hall through Littlefield Hall
go to the Lincoln Field Building through The Ivy Room
go to the Lot 76 through Alpha Chi Omega Sorority
go to the University Hall through Brown Center for Students of Color
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ through Robinson Hall
go to the Hughes Court through Faunce House
go to the Lyman Hall through Saint Stephens Church
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall through Carrie Tower
go to the War Memorial through Sharpe Refectory
go to the College Green through Faunce House
go to the 67 George through Manning
go to the Lincoln Field Building through 86 Waterman 
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop through Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences
go to the Lot 17 through Faunce House
go to the Kassar House through Barus Building
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority through Medical Research Lab
move to Caswell Hall and then proceed to the Hope College .
move to Wayland and then proceed to the Arnold Laboratory .
move to Manning and then proceed to the Quiet Green .
move to Slavery Memorial and then proceed to the College Green .
move to Brown University Sciences Library and then proceed to the Prince Engineering Lab .
move to Slater Hall and then proceed to the Rhode Island Hall .
move to Lyman Hall and then proceed to the Saint Stephens Church .
move to Sayles Hall and then proceed to the Lot 17 .
move to 86 Waterman  and then proceed to the The Ivy Room .
move to Hegeman and then proceed to the 86 Waterman  .
move to Metcalf Research Building and then proceed to the Littlefield Hall .
move to Idee di pietra and then proceed to the Brown University .
move to Van Wickle Gates and then proceed to the Brown University .
move to Metcalf Research Building and then proceed to the Starbucks .
move to Circle Dance Sculpture and then proceed to the Lot 76 .
move to The Ivy Room and then proceed to the 67 George .
move to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop and then proceed to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
move to Brown Bear and then proceed to the Saint Stephens Church .
move to College Green and then proceed to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
move to Casey Shearer Memorial and then proceed to the Campus Market .
move to John Nicholas Brown Gate and then proceed to the List Art Building .
move to Prince Engineering Lab and then proceed to the Hughes Court .
move to Caswell Hall and then proceed to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
move to Wilbour Hall and then proceed to the Idee di pietra .
move to Horace Mann House and then proceed to the Sharpe Refectory .
move to Marston Hall and then proceed to the Barus Building .
move to Mencoff Hall and then proceed to the 67 George .
move to Carrie Tower and then proceed to the Barus Building .
move to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate and then proceed to the Citizen's Bank .
move to Caswell Hall and then proceed to the Class of 1872 Gate .
move to Maxcy Hall and then proceed to the Class of 1887 Gate .
move to Arnold Laboratory and then proceed to the Shirley Miller House .
move to Wriston Quad and then proceed to the Starbucks .
move to Medical Research Lab and then proceed to the Marcus Aurelius .
move to BERT and then proceed to the Norwood House .
move to Rockefeller Library and then proceed to the Horace Mann House .
move to Urban Environmental Lab and then proceed to the BERT .
move to Hughes Court and then proceed to the Lippit House .
move to Friedman Hall and then proceed to the Lot 17 .
move to Brown University and then proceed to the Robinson Hall .
move to Citizen's Bank and then proceed to the University Hall .
move to Lincoln Field Building and then proceed to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
move to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ and then proceed to the Medical Research Lab .
move to Metcalf Research Building and then proceed to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
move to Salomon Center for Teaching and then proceed to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
move to John Carter Brown Library and then proceed to the Mencoff Hall .
move to Robinson Hall and then proceed to the Shirley Miller House .
move to John Nicholas Brown Gate and then proceed to the Quiet Green .
move to Rockefeller Library and then proceed to the Friedman Hall .
move to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority and then proceed to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
move to University Hall and then proceed to the Brown Bear .
move to J.W. Wilson and then proceed to the Lot 76 .
move to Metcalf Research Building and then proceed to the Barus Building .
move to Hope College and then proceed to the Wilbour Hall .
move to Marston Hall and then proceed to the List Art Building .
move to Untitled Lamp/Bear and then proceed to the Quiet Green .
move to Littlefield Hall and then proceed to the Van Wickle Gates .
move to The Ivy Room and then proceed to the Lot 17 .
move to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority and then proceed to the Class of 1872 Gate .
go through Lot 18 and navigate to the Marston Hall .
go through Manning and navigate to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go through John Nicholas Brown Gate and navigate to the Marcus Aurelius .
go through The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ and navigate to the Wriston Quad .
go through Van Wickle Gates and navigate to the Rhode Island Hall .
go through Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences and navigate to the List Art Building .
go through Manning and navigate to the Hughes Court .
go through 86 Waterman  and navigate to the Littlefield Hall .
go through Maxcy Hall and navigate to the College Green .
go through College Green and navigate to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go through Hope College and navigate to the Lot 76 .
go through Alpha Chi Omega Sorority and navigate to the Minden Hall .
go through Walter Hall and navigate to the Brown Bear .
go through Sayles Hall and navigate to the Lot 17 .
go through Maddock Alumni  and navigate to the P-131317 .
go through Salomon Center for Teaching and navigate to the Manning .
go through Casey Shearer Memorial and navigate to the Van Wickle Gates .
go through Brown University Sciences Library and navigate to the Brown Bear .
go through Caswell Hall and navigate to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go through Saint Stephens Church and navigate to the Barus Building .
go through Faunce House and navigate to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go through Robinson Gate and navigate to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go through Salomon Center for Teaching and navigate to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go through Horace Mann House and navigate to the Maddock Alumni  .
go through Campus Market and navigate to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go through Friedman Hall and navigate to the Lot 17 .
go through 86 Waterman  and navigate to the Campus Market .
go through Swearer Center for Public Service and navigate to the Lot 18 .
go through BERT and navigate to the John Carter Brown Library .
go through Lyman Hall and navigate to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go through Quiet Green and navigate to the Wriston Quad .
go through Sharpe Refectory and navigate to the Wayland .
go through Urban Environmental Lab and navigate to the Lot 76 .
go through Quiet Green and navigate to the Starbucks .
go through War Memorial and navigate to the Hegeman .
go through Medical Research Lab and navigate to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go through Shirley Miller House and navigate to the John Hay Library .
go through Robinson Hall and navigate to the Prince Engineering Lab .
go through Marston Hall and navigate to the Citizen's Bank .
go through Lot 18 and navigate to the Shirley Miller House .
go through Casey Shearer Memorial and navigate to the Prospect House .
go through Gardner House and navigate to the Littlefield Hall .
go through Quiet Green and navigate to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go through Marston Hall and navigate to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go through Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences and navigate to the 86 Waterman  .
go through Gardner House and navigate to the Lot 18 .
go through Simmons Quadrangle and navigate to the Robinson Gate .
go through The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ and navigate to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go through Gardner House and navigate to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go through John Hay Library and navigate to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go through Van Wickle Gates and navigate to the List Art Building .
go through Hegeman and navigate to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go through Lot 76 and navigate to the Wilbour Hall .
go through Wilbour Hall and navigate to the Lot 17 .
go through John Nicholas Brown Gate and navigate to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to the Sharpe Refectory by first visiting Maddock Alumni  .
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity by first visiting University Hall .
go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear by first visiting Norwood House .
go to the Arnold Laboratory by first visiting War Memorial .
go to the Saint Stephens Church by first visiting Prince Engineering Lab .
go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate by first visiting Prospect House .
go to the Idee di pietra by first visiting Carrie Tower .
go to the Lot 18 by first visiting Medical Research Lab .
go to the Maxcy Green by first visiting 86 Waterman  .
go to the Starbucks by first visiting Faunce House .
go to the Mencoff Hall by first visiting Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to the Lot 76 by first visiting Quiet Green .
go to the War Memorial by first visiting Wayland .
go to the Kassar House by first visiting Class of 1872 Gate .
go to the Brown University by first visiting Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology by first visiting Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to the Saint Stephens Church by first visiting Wilbour Hall .
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity by first visiting Class of 1887 Gate .
go to the Lincoln Field Building by first visiting Brown University Sciences Library .
go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate by first visiting Urban Environmental Lab .
go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate by first visiting Class of 1887 Gate .
go to the Rhode Island Hall by first visiting Maddock Alumni  .
go to the Maddock Alumni  by first visiting Marston Hall .
go to the Shirley Miller House by first visiting William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to the Lippit House by first visiting Barus Building .
go to the Minden Hall by first visiting Campus Market .
go to the Faunce House by first visiting Class of 1872 Gate .
go to the 86 Waterman  by first visiting Barus Building .
go to the Lot 18 by first visiting Norwood House .
go to the Prospect House by first visiting Lot 76 .
go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences by first visiting List Art Building .
go to the John Hay Library by first visiting Hegeman .
go to the Class of 1887 Gate by first visiting Lippit House .
go to the Rhode Island Hall by first visiting Hegeman .
go to the The Ivy Room by first visiting Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to the John Carter Brown Library by first visiting Rhode Island Hall .
go to the Gardner House by first visiting Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to the Hegeman by first visiting Sharpe Refectory .
go to the Sears by first visiting Barus Building .
go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences by first visiting John Hay Library .
go to the Shirley Miller House by first visiting Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology by first visiting Marcus Aurelius .
go to the P-131317 by first visiting Prince Engineering Lab .
go to the College Green by first visiting John Carter Brown Library .
go to the Caswell Hall by first visiting John Hay Library .
go to the Hegeman by first visiting Gardner House .
go to the Starbucks by first visiting John Carter Brown Library .
go to the Slater Hall by first visiting Hegeman .
go to the Hope College by first visiting Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to the Robinson Gate by first visiting Slater Hall .
first go to Saint Stephens Church , then go to the Prospect House .
first go to Carrie Tower , then go to the Robinson Hall .
first go to Citizen's Bank , then go to the Campus Market .
first go to Starbucks , then go to the Shirley Miller House .
first go to Brown University Sciences Library , then go to the John Hay Library .
first go to Wriston Quad , then go to the Hegeman .
first go to Lot 76 , then go to the The Ivy Room .
first go to Untitled Lamp/Bear , then go to the Hope College .
first go to Quiet Green , then go to the 67 George .
first go to Brown Center for Students of Color , then go to the Hughes Court .
first go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity , then go to the Campus Market .
first go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop , then go to the Simmons Quadrangle .
first go to Wayland , then go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
first go to Hughes Court , then go to the Lot 18 .
first go to Sharpe Refectory , then go to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
first go to Manning , then go to the Blue Room .
first go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall , then go to the Lippit House .
first go to Walter Hall , then go to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
first go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology , then go to the Barus Building .
first go to Rhode Island Hall , then go to the J.W. Wilson .
first go to Maddock Alumni  , then go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
first go to Kassar House , then go to the Lot 76 .
first go to Lot 17 , then go to the Lincoln Field Building .
first go to P-131317 , then go to the Marcus Aurelius .
first go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority , then go to the Manning .
first go to John Hay Library , then go to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
first go to Faunce House , then go to the Littlefield Hall .
first go to Lippit House , then go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
first go to War Memorial , then go to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
first go to Arnold Laboratory , then go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
first go to 86 Waterman  , then go to the Hughes Court .
first go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences , then go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
first go to William Goddard Memorial Gate , then go to the Class of 1887 Gate .
first go to Littlefield Hall , then go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
first go to Swearer Center for Public Service , then go to the Littlefield Hall .
first go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate , then go to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
first go to Swearer Center for Public Service , then go to the Simmons Quadrangle .
first go to Slater Hall , then go to the Walter Hall .
first go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences , then go to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
first go to Casey Shearer Memorial , then go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
first go to Faunce House , then go to the Wilbour Hall .
first go to Marston Hall , then go to the Class of 1872 Gate .
first go to Shirley Miller House , then go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
first go to Brown University , then go to the Sears .
first go to Untitled Lamp/Bear , then go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
first go to Campus Market , then go to the Hughes Court .
first go to P-131317 , then go to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
first go to Finlandia , then go to the Gardner House .
first go to Hughes Court , then go to the The Ivy Room .
first go to Robinson Hall , then go to the Medical Research Lab .
first go to Simmons Quadrangle , then go to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
first go to Rockefeller Library , then go to the 86 Waterman  .
first go to Brown Center for Students of Color , then go to the Wayland .
go through Casey Shearer Memorial to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go through Maxcy Green to the Van Wickle Gates .
go through Minden Hall to the Prospect House .
go through Watson Center for Information Technology to the Faunce House .
go through Watson Center for Information Technology to the War Memorial .
go through Prince Engineering Lab to the Lot 18 .
go through Rockefeller Library to the War Memorial .
go through The Ivy Room to the Lot 76 .
go through Casey Shearer Memorial to the 67 George .
go through Hegeman to the Slavery Memorial .
go through Norwood House to the Brown Bear .
go through Slater Hall to the Rockefeller Library .
go through Citizen's Bank to the 67 George .
go through Brown Bear to the Idee di pietra .
go through Circle Dance Sculpture to the Arnold Laboratory .
go through Casey Shearer Memorial to the Shirley Miller House .
go through The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go through Wriston Quad to the University Hall .
go through Medical Research Lab to the Van Wickle Gates .
go through John Hay Library to the Kassar House .
go through Brown University to the Hegeman .
go through Van Wickle Gates to the Simmons Quadrangle .
go through Sears to the Sayles Hall .
go through Hope College to the Lot 18 .
go through 67 George to the Van Wickle Gates .
go through Watson Center for Information Technology to the Brown University Sciences Library .
go through Lippit House to the Lyman Hall .
go through Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity to the Blue Room .
go through Alpha Chi Omega Sorority to the Mencoff Hall .
go through Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences to the Medical Research Lab .
go through John Hay Library to the Littlefield Hall .
go through Idee di pietra to the Simmons Quadrangle .
go through Lot 17 to the Manning .
go through Class of 1887 Gate to the Van Wickle Gates .
go through Casey Shearer Memorial to the P-131317 .
go through Wayland to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go through War Memorial to the Lyman Hall .
go through Slater Hall to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go through The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ to the Walter Hall .
go through Quiet Green to the Urban Environmental Lab .
go through Soldiers Memorial Gate to the John Hay Library .
go through Maddock Alumni  to the Hughes Court .
go through Soldiers Memorial Gate to the Lot 17 .
go through Arnold Laboratory to the Van Wickle Gates .
go through Watson Center for Information Technology to the Lot 17 .
go through John Hay Library to the 86 Waterman  .
go through Marcus Aurelius to the Rhode Island Hall .
go through Robinson Gate to the Van Wickle Gates .
go through War Memorial to the University Hall .
go through John Hay Library to the Maxcy Hall .
go through List Art Building to the The Ivy Room .
go through Hegeman to the P-131317 .
go through Slavery Memorial to the Maxcy Hall .
go through Walter Hall to the Maxcy Green .
go through Lyman Hall to the Barus Building .
go through Morgan Witter Rogers Gate to the Prospect House .
go through Sayles Hall to the Maxcy Green .
go through War Memorial to the List Art Building .
go through War Memorial to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to 86 Waterman  then go to the Wayland .
go to Slavery Memorial then go to the Rhode Island Hall .
go to Class of 1872 Gate then go to the John Hay Library .
go to Swearer Center for Public Service then go to the BERT .
go to Littlefield Hall then go to the Class of 1872 Gate .
go to Walter Hall then go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to Metcalf Research Building then go to the Arnold Laboratory .
go to University Hall then go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to List Art Building then go to the Finlandia .
go to Walter Hall then go to the Prospect House .
go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity then go to the Citizen's Bank .
go to Marcus Aurelius then go to the Campus Market .
go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop then go to the Rhode Island Hall .
go to Maxcy Hall then go to the Slavery Memorial .
go to Faunce House then go to the The Ivy Room .
go to Kassar House then go to the Lyman Hall .
go to Class of 1887 Gate then go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to Caswell Hall then go to the Wayland .
go to J.W. Wilson then go to the Brown University .
go to Minden Hall then go to the Lippit House .
go to Urban Environmental Lab then go to the Hope College .
go to Walter Hall then go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to Mencoff Hall then go to the Wayland .
go to William Goddard Memorial Gate then go to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to War Memorial then go to the Simmons Quadrangle .
go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop then go to the Lot 76 .
go to Finlandia then go to the War Memorial .
go to John Carter Brown Library then go to the Lincoln Field Building .
go to University Hall then go to the John Hay Library .
go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate then go to the P-131317 .
go to Norwood House then go to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to Starbucks then go to the Faunce House .
go to The Ivy Room then go to the Rockefeller Library .
go to Lot 18 then go to the P-131317 .
go to Brown University Sciences Library then go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to Slavery Memorial then go to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to Wriston Quad then go to the Hughes Court .
go to Rockefeller Library then go to the Idee di pietra .
go to Metcalf Research Building then go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to Maxcy Green then go to the Lyman Hall .
go to Idee di pietra then go to the Lippit House .
go to Marston Hall then go to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to Wilbour Hall then go to the Robinson Hall .
go to Casey Shearer Memorial then go to the Marcus Aurelius .
go to Metcalf Research Building then go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to Van Wickle Gates then go to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to Saint Stephens Church then go to the Maxcy Hall .
go to Brown Center for Students of Color then go to the Idee di pietra .
go to Marcus Aurelius then go to the Blue Room .
go to Watson Center for Information Technology then go to the John Hay Library .
go to Prospect House then go to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to Idee di pietra then go to the College Green .
always go to University Hall before navigating to the Slater Hall .
always go to Gardner House before navigating to the Horace Mann House .
always go to Rhode Island Hall before navigating to the Wayland .
always go to Casey Shearer Memorial before navigating to the Maxcy Green .
always go to Maddock Alumni  before navigating to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
always go to Casey Shearer Memorial before navigating to the Brown Bear .
always go to College Green before navigating to the Van Wickle Gates .
always go to P-131317 before navigating to the Gardner House .
always go to Finlandia before navigating to the Wayland .
always go to Soldiers Memorial Gate before navigating to the John Carter Brown Library .
always go to Norwood House before navigating to the Quiet Green .
always go to Manning before navigating to the Hope College .
always go to Class of 1887 Gate before navigating to the Kassar House .
always go to Brown University Sciences Library before navigating to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
always go to Walter Hall before navigating to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
always go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology before navigating to the Lot 76 .
always go to Arnold Laboratory before navigating to the Brown University .
always go to Rhode Island Hall before navigating to the Urban Environmental Lab .
always go to Brown University before navigating to the Hughes Court .
always go to Lincoln Field Building before navigating to the Metcalf Research Building .
always go to Shirley Miller House before navigating to the Metcalf Research Building .
always go to Kassar House before navigating to the Mencoff Hall .
always go to Class of 1872 Gate before navigating to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
always go to 86 Waterman  before navigating to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
always go to Casey Shearer Memorial before navigating to the Sharpe Refectory .
always go to Maxcy Green before navigating to the Blue Room .
always go to Maxcy Hall before navigating to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
always go to Manning before navigating to the Sayles Hall .
always go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop before navigating to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
always go to Caswell Hall before navigating to the Faunce House .
always go to 67 George before navigating to the Marcus Aurelius .
always go to Walter Hall before navigating to the Urban Environmental Lab .
always go to Gardner House before navigating to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
always go to Quiet Green before navigating to the Prospect House .
always go to Van Wickle Gates before navigating to the Lot 76 .
always go to Van Wickle Gates before navigating to the P-131317 .
always go to Metcalf Research Building before navigating to the Maxcy Hall .
always go to Maxcy Green before navigating to the War Memorial .
always go to Lippit House before navigating to the P-131317 .
always go to John Nicholas Brown Gate before navigating to the Brown Bear .
always go to Maxcy Green before navigating to the Metcalf Research Building .
always go to Lyman Hall before navigating to the Van Wickle Gates .
always go to Caswell Hall before navigating to the Medical Research Lab .
always go to Rockefeller Library before navigating to the Brown University .
always go to Kassar House before navigating to the Van Wickle Gates .
always go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ before navigating to the Prospect House .
always go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority before navigating to the Wriston Quad .
always go to Wriston Quad before navigating to the Marcus Aurelius .
always go to Maxcy Green before navigating to the John Hay Library .
always go to Sears before navigating to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
always go to Arnold Laboratory before navigating to the Hegeman .
always go to John Carter Brown Library before navigating to the Robinson Hall .
always go to Sharpe Refectory before navigating to the List Art Building .
always go to Brown Center for Students of Color before navigating to the John Carter Brown Library .
always go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate before navigating to the J.W. Wilson .
always go to Van Wickle Gates before navigating to the Littlefield Hall .
always go to Marcus Aurelius before navigating to the Wayland .
always go to Maddock Alumni  before navigating to the Mencoff Hall .
always go to Gardner House before navigating to the Van Wickle Gates .
always go to Minden Hall before navigating to the Prospect House .
go to the John Carter Brown Library through Casey Shearer Memorial
go to the Brown University Sciences Library through College Green
go to the Maxcy Green through Brown Bear
go to the Marston Hall through Brown University Sciences Library
go to the Brown University Sciences Library through Medical Research Lab
go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate through 67 George
go to the Maxcy Green through Circle Dance Sculpture
go to the 67 George through List Art Building
go to the Manning through Lippit House
go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology through Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity
go to the Horace Mann House through William Goddard Memorial Gate
go to the Rhode Island Hall through Lippit House
go to the Shirley Miller House through Class of 1872 Gate
go to the Idee di pietra through Sears
go to the Campus Market through Hughes Court
go to the Hegeman through Prospect House
go to the Robinson Hall through Watson Center for Information Technology
go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate through Van Wickle Gates
go to the Rhode Island Hall through Class of 1887 Gate
go to the J.W. Wilson through Blue Room
go to the Shirley Miller House through The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ
go to the BERT through War Memorial
go to the Metcalf Research Building through Gardner House
go to the Gardner House through Circle Dance Sculpture
go to the Slater Hall through Marcus Aurelius
go to the Brown Bear through Simmons Quadrangle
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate through Brown Bear
go to the Arnold Laboratory through Carrie Tower
go to the Marston Hall through Brown Center for Students of Color
go to the Slavery Memorial through Brown University
go to the Gardner House through Minden Hall
go to the Gardner House through Wriston Quad
go to the J.W. Wilson through Circle Dance Sculpture
go to the Lippit House through Kassar House
go to the Marston Hall through Finlandia
go to the Hope College through College Green
go to the BERT through Minden Hall
go to the Manning through Simmons Quadrangle
go to the Lyman Hall through Brown University
go to the Wayland through Mencoff Hall
go to the Brown Bear through Slavery Memorial
go to the Faunce House through Hughes Court
go to the Barus Building through Watson Center for Information Technology
go to the John Carter Brown Library through Minden Hall
go to the 67 George through Quiet Green
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate through Starbucks
go to the Rhode Island Hall through Marcus Aurelius
go to the Minden Hall through Class of 1887 Gate
go to the Marcus Aurelius through Saint Stephens Church
go to the Lot 17 through Lyman Hall
go to the Urban Environmental Lab through Simmons Quadrangle
go to the John Hay Library through Sayles Hall
go to the Urban Environmental Lab through Sharpe Refectory
go to the Class of 1887 Gate through Casey Shearer Memorial
go to the Circle Dance Sculpture through Quiet Green
go to the Idee di pietra through Brown University Sciences Library
navigate through Maxcy Green and go to the Gardner House .
navigate through Lot 17 and go to the 67 George .
navigate through Lyman Hall and go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
navigate through Lyman Hall and go to the Gardner House .
navigate through Hope College and go to the Robinson Hall .
navigate through Brown Center for Students of Color and go to the J.W. Wilson .
navigate through GeoChem and Macmillian Hall and go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
navigate through Robinson Gate and go to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
navigate through Hughes Court and go to the Sharpe Refectory .
navigate through Barus Building and go to the 86 Waterman  .
navigate through Robinson Hall and go to the John Hay Library .
navigate through P-131317 and go to the Metcalf Research Building .
navigate through Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology and go to the Rhode Island Hall .
navigate through Circle Dance Sculpture and go to the Maddock Alumni  .
navigate through Marston Hall and go to the Brown University Sciences Library .
navigate through Quiet Green and go to the BERT .
navigate through BERT and go to the Minden Hall .
navigate through Minden Hall and go to the Van Wickle Gates .
navigate through Casey Shearer Memorial and go to the Maddock Alumni  .
navigate through Marcus Aurelius and go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
navigate through Finlandia and go to the Van Wickle Gates .
navigate through Metcalf Research Building and go to the Wriston Quad .
navigate through Hegeman and go to the Prince Engineering Lab .
navigate through Brown Center for Students of Color and go to the Saint Stephens Church .
navigate through Saint Stephens Church and go to the 86 Waterman  .
navigate through Faunce House and go to the Lincoln Field Building .
navigate through Untitled Lamp/Bear and go to the Wilbour Hall .
navigate through Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences and go to the Hegeman .
navigate through Hope College and go to the Robinson Hall .
navigate through Rhode Island Hall and go to the War Memorial .
navigate through Brown Bear and go to the Minden Hall .
navigate through The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ and go to the Lippit House .
navigate through Wriston Quad and go to the Brown Bear .
navigate through Friedman Hall and go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
navigate through Kassar House and go to the John Carter Brown Library .
navigate through Gardner House and go to the J.W. Wilson .
navigate through Littlefield Hall and go to the Norwood House .
navigate through Littlefield Hall and go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
navigate through Kassar House and go to the Prospect House .
navigate through Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences and go to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
navigate through Casey Shearer Memorial and go to the 67 George .
navigate through Lot 17 and go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
navigate through John Nicholas Brown Gate and go to the Starbucks .
navigate through Wayland and go to the Gardner House .
navigate through Finlandia and go to the Sharpe Refectory .
navigate through Casey Shearer Memorial and go to the Gardner House .
navigate through Maxcy Hall and go to the The Ivy Room .
navigate through Alpha Chi Omega Sorority and go to the Slavery Memorial .
navigate through Brown University and go to the Wilbour Hall .
navigate through Brown University Sciences Library and go to the Slavery Memorial .
navigate through Wayland and go to the Lot 17 .
navigate through Slavery Memorial and go to the Idee di pietra .
navigate through Watson Center for Information Technology and go to the Walter Hall .
navigate through Metcalf Research Building and go to the Slater Hall .
navigate through Walter Hall and go to the Finlandia .
first go to to List Art Building then go to the Brown University Sciences Library .
first go to to Gardner House then go to the Van Wickle Gates .
first go to to Hegeman then go to the Class of 1887 Gate .
first go to to Brown University Sciences Library then go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
first go to to Rhode Island Hall then go to the Minden Hall .
first go to to P-131317 then go to the Saint Stephens Church .
first go to to Marston Hall then go to the Robinson Gate .
first go to to Casey Shearer Memorial then go to the Class of 1872 Gate .
first go to to Wilbour Hall then go to the College Green .
first go to to Gardner House then go to the Arnold Laboratory .
first go to to Mencoff Hall then go to the Sayles Hall .
first go to to Campus Market then go to the P-131317 .
first go to to William Goddard Memorial Gate then go to the Minden Hall .
first go to to Lot 17 then go to the Maxcy Hall .
first go to to Maddock Alumni  then go to the Horace Mann House .
first go to to Wayland then go to the Brown Bear .
first go to to Class of 1887 Gate then go to the Slater Hall .
first go to to Prince Engineering Lab then go to the Arnold Laboratory .
first go to to Urban Environmental Lab then go to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
first go to to List Art Building then go to the John Hay Library .
first go to to Faunce House then go to the Idee di pietra .
first go to to 67 George then go to the Saint Stephens Church .
first go to to Wriston Quad then go to the Prince Engineering Lab .
first go to to Maddock Alumni  then go to the Quiet Green .
first go to to Lot 76 then go to the Slater Hall .
first go to to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop then go to the Arnold Laboratory .
first go to to Shirley Miller House then go to the 67 George .
first go to to Littlefield Hall then go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
first go to to Medical Research Lab then go to the Campus Market .
first go to to Hope College then go to the Van Wickle Gates .
first go to to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate then go to the Brown University Sciences Library .
first go to to Rhode Island Hall then go to the Quiet Green .
first go to to Quiet Green then go to the College Green .
first go to to Lot 76 then go to the Friedman Hall .
first go to to Untitled Lamp/Bear then go to the Hegeman .
first go to to Brown Center for Students of Color then go to the Starbucks .
first go to to Lot 17 then go to the Sharpe Refectory .
first go to to Metcalf Research Building then go to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
first go to to Shirley Miller House then go to the College Green .
first go to to Lyman Hall then go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
first go to to John Hay Library then go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
first go to to Prospect House then go to the Sayles Hall .
first go to to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop then go to the Gardner House .
first go to to Saint Stephens Church then go to the J.W. Wilson .
first go to to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology then go to the Prospect House .
first go to to Citizen's Bank then go to the Wilbour Hall .
first go to to Brown Bear then go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
first go to to BERT then go to the Idee di pietra .
first go to to Horace Mann House then go to the Minden Hall .
first go to to Idee di pietra then go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
first go to to Arnold Laboratory then go to the Rhode Island Hall .
first go to to Lot 18 then go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
first go to to Shirley Miller House then go to the 86 Waterman  .
first go to to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ then go to the Minden Hall .
go to the John Hay Library through Marcus Aurelius .
go to the Norwood House through Brown University Sciences Library .
go to the Van Wickle Gates through Slater Hall .
go to the Saint Stephens Church through Maxcy Hall .
go to the War Memorial through Citizen's Bank .
go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate through John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to the John Carter Brown Library through Horace Mann House .
go to the Circle Dance Sculpture through Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to the Gardner House through Quiet Green .
go to the John Hay Library through List Art Building .
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color through Sayles Hall .
go to the Lincoln Field Building through Rockefeller Library .
go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology through Littlefield Hall .
go to the Hope College through Slavery Memorial .
go to the Carrie Tower through Campus Market .
go to the Blue Room through Brown Bear .
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching through Manning .
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ through Lot 18 .
go to the Urban Environmental Lab through Littlefield Hall .
go to the P-131317 through Starbucks .
go to the Idee di pietra through Quiet Green .
go to the Rhode Island Hall through Brown Bear .
go to the Circle Dance Sculpture through Littlefield Hall .
go to the Faunce House through Carrie Tower .
go to the Norwood House through Hope College .
go to the Robinson Gate through Carrie Tower .
go to the Lyman Hall through John Hay Library .
go to the BERT through Slavery Memorial .
go to the Prospect House through Maxcy Hall .
go to the Swearer Center for Public Service through Prospect House .
go to the Prince Engineering Lab through Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to the Carrie Tower through Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to the Maxcy Hall through Barus Building .
go to the The Ivy Room through Rhode Island Hall .
go to the Friedman Hall through Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to the Citizen's Bank through Wilbour Hall .
go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear through Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to the P-131317 through Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to the Kassar House through Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to the Mencoff Hall through Lot 17 .
go to the 86 Waterman  through Urban Environmental Lab .
go to the Metcalf Research Building through Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to the Littlefield Hall through College Green .
go to the Medical Research Lab through Norwood House .
go to the Minden Hall through Quiet Green .
go to the Barus Building through Norwood House .
go to the P-131317 through Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to the Swearer Center for Public Service through Hope College .
go to the Class of 1872 Gate through 67 George .
go to the BERT through Class of 1887 Gate .
go to the Norwood House through Barus Building .
go to the Robinson Gate through Barus Building .
go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate through Norwood House .
go to the Maxcy Hall through Wilbour Hall .
always go through Brown University and then to the Littlefield Hall .
always go through Sears and then to the Horace Mann House .
always go through Campus Market and then to the War Memorial .
always go through John Nicholas Brown Gate and then to the Hegeman .
always go through Sayles Hall and then to the Saint Stephens Church .
always go through Finlandia and then to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
always go through Sears and then to the Robinson Gate .
always go through Simmons Quadrangle and then to the Lyman Hall .
always go through Class of 1872 Gate and then to the P-131317 .
always go through John Nicholas Brown Gate and then to the Maxcy Green .
always go through Barus Building and then to the Finlandia .
always go through Manning and then to the Hope College .
always go through Finlandia and then to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
always go through Sayles Hall and then to the Wayland .
always go through Brown Center for Students of Color and then to the J.W. Wilson .
always go through The Ivy Room and then to the Rockefeller Library .
always go through Class of 1887 Gate and then to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
always go through Salomon Center for Teaching and then to the Horace Mann House .
always go through Starbucks and then to the Lippit House .
always go through Lot 18 and then to the Slater Hall .
always go through 67 George and then to the Van Wickle Gates .
always go through Brown University Sciences Library and then to the Van Wickle Gates .
always go through Brown Bear and then to the Rockefeller Library .
always go through 67 George and then to the Hegeman .
always go through The Ivy Room and then to the Brown University Sciences Library .
always go through Circle Dance Sculpture and then to the Littlefield Hall .
always go through Salomon Center for Teaching and then to the Prospect House .
always go through John Hay Library and then to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
always go through Van Wickle Gates and then to the Sharpe Refectory .
always go through Minden Hall and then to the Prospect House .
always go through Manning and then to the Medical Research Lab .
always go through Lyman Hall and then to the Minden Hall .
always go through Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences and then to the Marcus Aurelius .
always go through Starbucks and then to the Lot 76 .
always go through University Hall and then to the J.W. Wilson .
always go through Brown Bear and then to the Lot 17 .
always go through John Nicholas Brown Gate and then to the Lot 76 .
always go through Slater Hall and then to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
always go through Slater Hall and then to the Starbucks .
always go through Sears and then to the Littlefield Hall .
always go through Horace Mann House and then to the Brown University .
always go through Salomon Center for Teaching and then to the Brown Bear .
always go through Carrie Tower and then to the 67 George .
always go through Watson Center for Information Technology and then to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
always go through Swearer Center for Public Service and then to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
always go through Barus Building and then to the Hughes Court .
always go through Maddock Alumni  and then to the Hope College .
always go through GeoChem and Macmillian Hall and then to the Brown Bear .
always go through Class of 1887 Gate and then to the Kassar House .
always go through Robinson Hall and then to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to the Manning through Saint Stephens Church .
go to the Brown University through Lot 18 .
go to the Citizen's Bank through Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Maxcy Hall through Starbucks .
go to the Idee di pietra through Brown Bear .
go to the Arnold Laboratory through Lot 17 .
go to the Blue Room through Citizen's Bank .
go to the 86 Waterman  through Van Wickle Gates .
go to the 86 Waterman  through Sears .
go to the Rockefeller Library through Medical Research Lab .
go to the 86 Waterman  through Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to the Quiet Green through Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to the Lippit House through Starbucks .
go to the 67 George through Slavery Memorial .
go to the Friedman Hall through Mencoff Hall .
go to the Brown Bear through Lot 18 .
go to the Lot 18 through 67 George .
go to the Shirley Miller House through Wriston Quad .
go to the BERT through Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity through Lincoln Field Building .
go to the Slavery Memorial through Citizen's Bank .
go to the Rhode Island Hall through Brown Bear .
go to the Lot 76 through Brown University .
go to the Citizen's Bank through P-131317 .
go to the Robinson Hall through The Ivy Room .
go to the Class of 1872 Gate through Brown Bear .
go to the Horace Mann House through Marston Hall .
go to the Mencoff Hall through Van Wickle Gates .
go to the The Ivy Room through Littlefield Hall .
go to the Carrie Tower through Finlandia .
go to the Faunce House through Starbucks .
go to the Arnold Laboratory through Lot 76 .
go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences through GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to the The Ivy Room through Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to the Caswell Hall through Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to the John Hay Library through Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to the The Ivy Room through Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to the Maddock Alumni  through Robinson Hall .
go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate through Starbucks .
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color through Hegeman .
go to the Wilbour Hall through John Hay Library .
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority through Citizen's Bank .
go to the Brown University through Minden Hall .
go to the The Ivy Room through Metcalf Research Building .
go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear through Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to the Friedman Hall through Kassar House .
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color through Minden Hall .
go to the Kassar House through Brown University Sciences Library .
go to the Lincoln Field Building through Metcalf Research Building .
go to the List Art Building through Robinson Gate .
go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate through Wriston Quad .
go to the Brown Bear through P-131317 .
go to the Sharpe Refectory through Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to the Hughes Court through Maddock Alumni  .
go to the Kassar House through Maxcy Hall .
go to the Blue Room through William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to Hope College before going to the Wayland
go to Hughes Court before going to the William Goddard Memorial Gate
go to 67 George before going to the Starbucks
go to Hope College before going to the College Green
go to Prospect House before going to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate
go to Lot 76 before going to the Brown University
go to List Art Building before going to the Class of 1887 Gate
go to Class of 1872 Gate before going to the Rockefeller Library
go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ before going to the Sears
go to List Art Building before going to the Maddock Alumni 
go to Medical Research Lab before going to the Salomon Center for Teaching
go to J.W. Wilson before going to the War Memorial
go to Blue Room before going to the List Art Building
go to Shirley Miller House before going to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ
go to Hegeman before going to the Blue Room
go to BERT before going to the Watson Center for Information Technology
go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate before going to the Sayles Hall
go to BERT before going to the J.W. Wilson
go to Simmons Quadrangle before going to the Robinson Gate
go to William Goddard Memorial Gate before going to the Starbucks
go to Brown University Sciences Library before going to the Shirley Miller House
go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences before going to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ
go to Rockefeller Library before going to the List Art Building
go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences before going to the Maxcy Green
go to Robinson Hall before going to the Prince Engineering Lab
go to 86 Waterman  before going to the John Hay Library
go to John Carter Brown Library before going to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology
go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology before going to the P-131317
go to BERT before going to the Lot 17
go to Hughes Court before going to the Lot 76
go to Swearer Center for Public Service before going to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ
go to List Art Building before going to the Friedman Hall
go to Prince Engineering Lab before going to the Marcus Aurelius
go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall before going to the Faunce House
go to Sayles Hall before going to the Robinson Hall
go to Casey Shearer Memorial before going to the Manning
go to 67 George before going to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences
go to Urban Environmental Lab before going to the Robinson Hall
go to Casey Shearer Memorial before going to the Brown Center for Students of Color
go to Rhode Island Hall before going to the Horace Mann House
go to Shirley Miller House before going to the University Hall
go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority before going to the Faunce House
go to Lincoln Field Building before going to the Norwood House
go to 86 Waterman  before going to the Saint Stephens Church
go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate before going to the Brown University Sciences Library
go to Medical Research Lab before going to the Maddock Alumni 
go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall before going to the List Art Building
go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity before going to the BERT
go to Maxcy Hall before going to the John Hay Library
go to John Nicholas Brown Gate before going to the Faunce House
go to Lyman Hall before going to the Circle Dance Sculpture
go to Horace Mann House before going to the Sharpe Refectory
go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall before going to the Urban Environmental Lab
go to 86 Waterman  before going to the Hope College
go to Robinson Hall before going to the Shirley Miller House
go to Littlefield Hall before going to the Norwood House
go to P-131317 before going to the Casey Shearer Memorial
go to Faunce House before going to the Manning
go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate by first going through Sears .
go to the Lippit House by first going through 86 Waterman  .
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall by first going through Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Prospect House by first going through Brown University Sciences Library .
go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear by first going through Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to the John Carter Brown Library by first going through Minden Hall .
go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology by first going through Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to the Lyman Hall by first going through Brown University Sciences Library .
go to the Marcus Aurelius by first going through Wayland .
go to the Blue Room by first going through J.W. Wilson .
go to the Minden Hall by first going through Faunce House .
go to the Kassar House by first going through William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to the Brown University Sciences Library by first going through Manning .
go to the Marston Hall by first going through Arnold Laboratory .
go to the 86 Waterman  by first going through Prospect House .
go to the Robinson Hall by first going through Lincoln Field Building .
go to the Lot 18 by first going through Campus Market .
go to the University Hall by first going through Norwood House .
go to the Friedman Hall by first going through Blue Room .
go to the Lyman Hall by first going through War Memorial .
go to the Norwood House by first going through Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to the Swearer Center for Public Service by first going through Gardner House .
go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences by first going through Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to the Mencoff Hall by first going through The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to the Minden Hall by first going through Maxcy Green .
go to the Lyman Hall by first going through Gardner House .
go to the Campus Market by first going through 67 George .
go to the Lincoln Field Building by first going through Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to the Prospect House by first going through Lippit House .
go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate by first going through Wilbour Hall .
go to the Medical Research Lab by first going through Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to the Slater Hall by first going through Caswell Hall .
go to the 86 Waterman  by first going through Minden Hall .
go to the Faunce House by first going through Slavery Memorial .
go to the Hegeman by first going through Sayles Hall .
go to the Norwood House by first going through Prince Engineering Lab .
go to the Campus Market by first going through Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to the Sayles Hall by first going through Idee di pietra .
go to the John Hay Library by first going through Slavery Memorial .
go to the Lincoln Field Building by first going through John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to the Carrie Tower by first going through Gardner House .
go to the John Hay Library by first going through Caswell Hall .
go to the Arnold Laboratory by first going through P-131317 .
go to the Circle Dance Sculpture by first going through Robinson Hall .
go to the Van Wickle Gates by first going through Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to the Kassar House by first going through Hegeman .
go to the P-131317 by first going through 67 George .
go to the Medical Research Lab by first going through The Ivy Room .
go to the Medical Research Lab by first going through Marcus Aurelius .
go to the Wayland by first going through Marcus Aurelius .
go to the Idee di pietra by first going through Prospect House .
go to the Casey Shearer Memorial by first going through Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to the Marston Hall by first going through Friedman Hall .
go to the War Memorial by first going through Manning .
always avoid going to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity through the Brown Bear
always avoid going to Arnold Laboratory through the Brown University
always avoid going to Prospect House through the Slater Hall
always avoid going to Marston Hall through the Littlefield Hall
always avoid going to Lippit House through the Urban Environmental Lab
always avoid going to Barus Building through the Saint Stephens Church
always avoid going to Finlandia through the Hegeman
always avoid going to Norwood House through the Starbucks
always avoid going to John Nicholas Brown Gate through the Class of 1887 Gate
always avoid going to Soldiers Memorial Gate through the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop
always avoid going to Minden Hall through the Norwood House
always avoid going to Robinson Hall through the Brown Bear
always avoid going to Untitled Lamp/Bear through the Robinson Gate
always avoid going to Finlandia through the Idee di pietra
always avoid going to John Hay Library through the P-131317
always avoid going to Manning through the John Hay Library
always avoid going to 86 Waterman  through the Maxcy Green
always avoid going to Van Wickle Gates through the Mencoff Hall
always avoid going to War Memorial through the Manning
always avoid going to Rhode Island Hall through the Class of 1872 Gate
always avoid going to 67 George through the 86 Waterman 
always avoid going to Swearer Center for Public Service through the Saint Stephens Church
always avoid going to College Green through the Wayland
always avoid going to Barus Building through the Maddock Alumni 
always avoid going to College Green through the Brown University
always avoid going to Norwood House through the Salomon Center for Teaching
always avoid going to Kassar House through the John Hay Library
always avoid going to Class of 1872 Gate through the University Hall
always avoid going to Wilbour Hall through the John Hay Library
always avoid going to Caswell Hall through the Brown Bear
always avoid going to Slater Hall through the Salomon Center for Teaching
always avoid going to Kassar House through the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority
always avoid going to List Art Building through the Lincoln Field Building
always avoid going to BERT through the Slater Hall
always avoid going to Class of 1887 Gate through the William Goddard Memorial Gate
always avoid going to Wayland through the Carrie Tower
always avoid going to Urban Environmental Lab through the Manning
always avoid going to Metcalf Research Building through the Gardner House
always avoid going to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate through the 67 George
always avoid going to Sharpe Refectory through the Arnold Laboratory
always avoid going to Brown University Sciences Library through the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall
always avoid going to Wriston Quad through the Horace Mann House
always avoid going to Brown Center for Students of Color through the Caswell Hall
always avoid going to Maddock Alumni  through the Casey Shearer Memorial
always avoid going to Swearer Center for Public Service through the Lyman Hall
always avoid going to Marston Hall through the Sears
always avoid going to Manning through the Mencoff Hall
always avoid going to Wilbour Hall through the Mencoff Hall
always avoid going to Brown University through the Untitled Lamp/Bear
always avoid going to Class of 1887 Gate through the Simmons Quadrangle
always avoid going to John Hay Library through the Watson Center for Information Technology
always avoid going to Metcalf Research Building through the Campus Market
always avoid going to John Nicholas Brown Gate through the Rockefeller Library
always avoid going to Marston Hall through the Circle Dance Sculpture
always avoid going to Idee di pietra through the Swearer Center for Public Service
go through Maxcy Green to the War Memorial .
go through The Ivy Room to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go through Maxcy Hall to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go through Maddock Alumni  to the Medical Research Lab .
go through The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ to the Idee di pietra .
go through Lot 17 to the Slavery Memorial .
go through Finlandia to the The Ivy Room .
go through The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ to the Maxcy Green .
go through Lot 17 to the Sharpe Refectory .
go through Brown Bear to the Maddock Alumni  .
go through Alpha Chi Omega Sorority to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go through Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity to the Simmons Quadrangle .
go through Metcalf Research Building to the J.W. Wilson .
go through Brown Bear to the Idee di pietra .
go through Wayland to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go through Alpha Chi Omega Sorority to the P-131317 .
go through Barus Building to the Maxcy Hall .
go through Carrie Tower to the Lot 17 .
go through Wriston Quad to the Simmons Quadrangle .
go through Shirley Miller House to the Marcus Aurelius .
go through Arnold Laboratory to the Slater Hall .
go through Sears to the Lot 17 .
go through Robinson Hall to the Lot 18 .
go through Maddock Alumni  to the Maxcy Green .
go through Metcalf Research Building to the Sears .
go through Arnold Laboratory to the Rhode Island Hall .
go through Gardner House to the Maxcy Hall .
go through Faunce House to the Brown Bear .
go through Class of 1887 Gate to the Prince Engineering Lab .
go through BERT to the Idee di pietra .
go through John Nicholas Brown Gate to the Quiet Green .
go through Kassar House to the The Ivy Room .
go through John Nicholas Brown Gate to the Manning .
go through Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology to the Lot 76 .
go through Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology to the Maddock Alumni  .
go through Caswell Hall to the Hegeman .
go through List Art Building to the Class of 1887 Gate .
go through BERT to the John Hay Library .
go through P-131317 to the Finlandia .
go through Brown University Sciences Library to the List Art Building .
go through 67 George to the Lyman Hall .
go through Arnold Laboratory to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go through Littlefield Hall to the Barus Building .
go through Sears to the Maddock Alumni  .
go through Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go through Minden Hall to the Sharpe Refectory .
go through Brown University Sciences Library to the P-131317 .
go through Mencoff Hall to the Marston Hall .
go through P-131317 to the Barus Building .
go through Sharpe Refectory to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go through Sayles Hall to the Mencoff Hall .
go through Minden Hall to the BERT .
go through Sharpe Refectory to the Robinson Gate .
go through Sayles Hall to the Wayland .
go through The Ivy Room to the Prospect House .
go through Walter Hall to the Wilbour Hall .
go through Brown University Sciences Library to the Slater Hall .
go through Swearer Center for Public Service to the Sears .
go through Blue Room to the Carrie Tower .
go through Friedman Hall to the Robinson Gate .
go through the John Carter Brown Library to the Carrie Tower .
go through the Barus Building to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go through the Lot 18 to the Brown Bear .
go through the Faunce House to the Marston Hall .
go through the Robinson Hall to the Kassar House .
go through the Sayles Hall to the Wilbour Hall .
go through the Lyman Hall to the Arnold Laboratory .
go through the Starbucks to the Minden Hall .
go through the Friedman Hall to the Slavery Memorial .
go through the Mencoff Hall to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
go through the List Art Building to the Maddock Alumni  .
go through the Brown University Sciences Library to the Rhode Island Hall .
go through the Medical Research Lab to the Marcus Aurelius .
go through the 67 George to the Quiet Green .
go through the Saint Stephens Church to the The Ivy Room .
go through the John Hay Library to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go through the Blue Room to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go through the Barus Building to the Shirley Miller House .
go through the P-131317 to the Campus Market .
go through the Kassar House to the Quiet Green .
go through the Walter Hall to the Slater Hall .
go through the Wriston Quad to the Barus Building .
go through the War Memorial to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go through the College Green to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
go through the Idee di pietra to the Manning .
go through the Circle Dance Sculpture to the Maddock Alumni  .
go through the Lot 17 to the Hughes Court .
go through the Finlandia to the Robinson Hall .
go through the Lyman Hall to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go through the Minden Hall to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go through the Wriston Quad to the Campus Market .
go through the Kassar House to the BERT .
go through the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate to the Urban Environmental Lab .
go through the Friedman Hall to the Lincoln Field Building .
go through the Wayland to the Prospect House .
go through the Lot 76 to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go through the Robinson Hall to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go through the Manning to the Campus Market .
go through the Manning to the Blue Room .
go through the Littlefield Hall to the John Carter Brown Library .
go through the Watson Center for Information Technology to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go through the Kassar House to the John Carter Brown Library .
go through the Lot 76 to the College Green .
go through the Brown University to the The Ivy Room .
go through the Brown Center for Students of Color to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go through the Wriston Quad to the Blue Room .
go through the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity to the Marston Hall .
go through the John Nicholas Brown Gate to the Citizen's Bank .
go through the Starbucks to the J.W. Wilson .
go through the Wilbour Hall to the Finlandia .
go through the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall to the Idee di pietra .
go through the College Green to the Sharpe Refectory .
go through the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall to the College Green .
go through the Urban Environmental Lab to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go through the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity to the Lincoln Field Building .
navigate to the Hegeman after going to the Slater Hall .
navigate to the Wriston Quad after going to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
navigate to the Watson Center for Information Technology after going to the John Carter Brown Library .
navigate to the Slavery Memorial after going to the Class of 1872 Gate .
navigate to the Quiet Green after going to the Brown University .
navigate to the Untitled Lamp/Bear after going to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
navigate to the Littlefield Hall after going to the War Memorial .
navigate to the Horace Mann House after going to the Sharpe Refectory .
navigate to the Brown University Sciences Library after going to the Minden Hall .
navigate to the Van Wickle Gates after going to the The Ivy Room .
navigate to the Finlandia after going to the Horace Mann House .
navigate to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology after going to the Shirley Miller House .
navigate to the 67 George after going to the Simmons Quadrangle .
navigate to the Class of 1887 Gate after going to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
navigate to the 67 George after going to the Lyman Hall .
navigate to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ after going to the Lot 18 .
navigate to the William Goddard Memorial Gate after going to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
navigate to the Prince Engineering Lab after going to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
navigate to the Wriston Quad after going to the Norwood House .
navigate to the Lyman Hall after going to the Carrie Tower .
navigate to the Marston Hall after going to the Lippit House .
navigate to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity after going to the Sayles Hall .
navigate to the College Green after going to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
navigate to the Simmons Quadrangle after going to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
navigate to the The Ivy Room after going to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
navigate to the Untitled Lamp/Bear after going to the Brown Bear .
navigate to the Walter Hall after going to the Finlandia .
navigate to the Lot 17 after going to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
navigate to the Sears after going to the Brown University .
navigate to the BERT after going to the Kassar House .
navigate to the Robinson Hall after going to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
navigate to the Soldiers Memorial Gate after going to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
navigate to the Sharpe Refectory after going to the Barus Building .
navigate to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate after going to the College Green .
navigate to the John Hay Library after going to the Citizen's Bank .
navigate to the John Hay Library after going to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
navigate to the Manning after going to the Van Wickle Gates .
navigate to the Hope College after going to the Maddock Alumni  .
navigate to the Maddock Alumni  after going to the BERT .
navigate to the P-131317 after going to the Starbucks .
navigate to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology after going to the Barus Building .
navigate to the Friedman Hall after going to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
navigate to the Watson Center for Information Technology after going to the Sayles Hall .
navigate to the Class of 1887 Gate after going to the Friedman Hall .
navigate to the Friedman Hall after going to the Lyman Hall .
navigate to the Littlefield Hall after going to the Lippit House .
navigate to the Blue Room after going to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
navigate to the Rockefeller Library after going to the Blue Room .
navigate to the 86 Waterman  after going to the Lyman Hall .
navigate to the War Memorial after going to the Rockefeller Library .
navigate to the 67 George after going to the Wriston Quad .
navigate to the Soldiers Memorial Gate after going to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
navigate to the 67 George after going to the Hegeman .
navigate to the Citizen's Bank after going to the Blue Room .
navigate to the John Nicholas Brown Gate after going to the John Carter Brown Library .
go to the Caswell Hall , then navigate to the Manning .
go to the Lot 17 , then navigate to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to the Marston Hall , then navigate to the Lyman Hall .
go to the Horace Mann House , then navigate to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ , then navigate to the Maxcy Hall .
go to the Slater Hall , then navigate to the Marcus Aurelius .
go to the Hegeman , then navigate to the Shirley Miller House .
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall , then navigate to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to the Slavery Memorial , then navigate to the The Ivy Room .
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching , then navigate to the Gardner House .
go to the J.W. Wilson , then navigate to the Maxcy Hall .
go to the Lot 76 , then navigate to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall , then navigate to the Robinson Hall .
go to the P-131317 , then navigate to the Lincoln Field Building .
go to the Lot 76 , then navigate to the Sears .
go to the University Hall , then navigate to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to the Class of 1872 Gate , then navigate to the Slater Hall .
go to the Brown University , then navigate to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to the John Hay Library , then navigate to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to the Maxcy Green , then navigate to the Brown University .
go to the The Ivy Room , then navigate to the Saint Stephens Church .
go to the Robinson Gate , then navigate to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to the Blue Room , then navigate to the Class of 1872 Gate .
go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology , then navigate to the P-131317 .
go to the Lot 18 , then navigate to the Maxcy Green .
go to the John Hay Library , then navigate to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to the Marston Hall , then navigate to the Wilbour Hall .
go to the Rockefeller Library , then navigate to the Wayland .
go to the Sears , then navigate to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to the 86 Waterman  , then navigate to the Lippit House .
go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear , then navigate to the College Green .
go to the Lincoln Field Building , then navigate to the Metcalf Research Building .
go to the Hegeman , then navigate to the Brown Bear .
go to the University Hall , then navigate to the Faunce House .
go to the Wilbour Hall , then navigate to the Maddock Alumni  .
go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate , then navigate to the Norwood House .
go to the Finlandia , then navigate to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to the Lippit House , then navigate to the John Hay Library .
go to the Sears , then navigate to the Friedman Hall .
go to the Idee di pietra , then navigate to the Walter Hall .
go to the Idee di pietra , then navigate to the Sears .
go to the Horace Mann House , then navigate to the Metcalf Research Building .
go to the Simmons Quadrangle , then navigate to the BERT .
go to the Slater Hall , then navigate to the Barus Building .
go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences , then navigate to the John Hay Library .
go to the Robinson Hall , then navigate to the P-131317 .
go to the Prospect House , then navigate to the Brown Bear .
go to the Kassar House , then navigate to the Idee di pietra .
go to the List Art Building , then navigate to the Lot 18 .
go to the Prospect House , then navigate to the Sharpe Refectory .
go to the War Memorial , then navigate to the Maxcy Hall .
go to the Hegeman , then navigate to the Kassar House .
go to the Caswell Hall , then navigate to the Hughes Court .
go to the Horace Mann House , then navigate to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to the Citizen's Bank , then navigate to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to the Mencoff Hall , then navigate to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to the Campus Market , then navigate to the Sayles Hall .
go to the Lot 17 , then navigate to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences then move to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to the Hegeman then move to the War Memorial .
go to the Maxcy Green then move to the Carrie Tower .
go to the Wayland then move to the Mencoff Hall .
go to the Marston Hall then move to the Rhode Island Hall .
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching then move to the P-131317 .
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate then move to the Finlandia .
go to the Wilbour Hall then move to the J.W. Wilson .
go to the Norwood House then move to the List Art Building .
go to the Class of 1887 Gate then move to the J.W. Wilson .
go to the Urban Environmental Lab then move to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to the Walter Hall then move to the Caswell Hall .
go to the Caswell Hall then move to the Maxcy Green .
go to the War Memorial then move to the Brown Bear .
go to the Sharpe Refectory then move to the Idee di pietra .
go to the Campus Market then move to the Brown University Sciences Library .
go to the Shirley Miller House then move to the List Art Building .
go to the Brown Bear then move to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color then move to the Medical Research Lab .
go to the Mencoff Hall then move to the Saint Stephens Church .
go to the Carrie Tower then move to the Caswell Hall .
go to the Hughes Court then move to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color then move to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to the Friedman Hall then move to the Barus Building .
go to the P-131317 then move to the Rockefeller Library .
go to the Rockefeller Library then move to the Saint Stephens Church .
go to the Littlefield Hall then move to the Walter Hall .
go to the P-131317 then move to the Rhode Island Hall .
go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences then move to the Horace Mann House .
go to the Marston Hall then move to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to the Wriston Quad then move to the Robinson Gate .
go to the University Hall then move to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to the Walter Hall then move to the Wilbour Hall .
go to the Saint Stephens Church then move to the Gardner House .
go to the Walter Hall then move to the Norwood House .
go to the J.W. Wilson then move to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to the Finlandia then move to the Wilbour Hall .
go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate then move to the Friedman Hall .
go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences then move to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Marston Hall then move to the Arnold Laboratory .
go to the Sharpe Refectory then move to the BERT .
go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate then move to the Sharpe Refectory .
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color then move to the Littlefield Hall .
go to the Quiet Green then move to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the BERT then move to the Lippit House .
go to the Slater Hall then move to the BERT .
go to the Wriston Quad then move to the Campus Market .
go to the Kassar House then move to the Sharpe Refectory .
go to the Rockefeller Library then move to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate then move to the Lincoln Field Building .
go to the Norwood House then move to the Idee di pietra .
go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear then move to the Brown University Sciences Library .
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ through the 67 George
go to the University Hall through the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall
go to the Brown University through the Starbucks
go to the Maddock Alumni  through the Blue Room
go to the Mencoff Hall through the Casey Shearer Memorial
go to the Brown Bear through the Lincoln Field Building
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity through the Swearer Center for Public Service
go to the Brown Bear through the Citizen's Bank
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color through the Lot 18
go to the War Memorial through the Maxcy Green
go to the Lot 76 through the John Carter Brown Library
go to the Prospect House through the Kassar House
go to the P-131317 through the Walter Hall
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop through the Van Wickle Gates
go to the Campus Market through the Mencoff Hall
go to the Lippit House through the Saint Stephens Church
go to the Mencoff Hall through the Carrie Tower
go to the Idee di pietra through the College Green
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching through the Robinson Hall
go to the BERT through the Casey Shearer Memorial
go to the Hughes Court through the Swearer Center for Public Service
go to the 67 George through the Campus Market
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority through the Hegeman
go to the Hughes Court through the Brown University
go to the Hughes Court through the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ
go to the Finlandia through the Maxcy Hall
go to the Class of 1872 Gate through the Simmons Quadrangle
go to the Lippit House through the Manning
go to the Lot 76 through the Lot 18
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color through the Starbucks
go to the Citizen's Bank through the Arnold Laboratory
go to the Lippit House through the Rhode Island Hall
go to the Manning through the Lippit House
go to the John Hay Library through the Minden Hall
go to the War Memorial through the Lincoln Field Building
go to the Friedman Hall through the Medical Research Lab
go to the Hegeman through the Arnold Laboratory
go to the List Art Building through the Van Wickle Gates
go to the Lot 76 through the Simmons Quadrangle
go to the 67 George through the Lot 17
go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences through the Prince Engineering Lab
go to the Wilbour Hall through the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate through the Rhode Island Hall
go to the Blue Room through the Prospect House
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority through the Quiet Green
go to the Prince Engineering Lab through the Lincoln Field Building
go to the Class of 1872 Gate through the William Goddard Memorial Gate
go to the Robinson Hall through the Saint Stephens Church
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop through the Walter Hall
go to the Slavery Memorial through the Hope College
go to the Medical Research Lab through the Maddock Alumni 
go to the Blue Room through the Robinson Gate
go to the Carrie Tower through the Shirley Miller House
go to the Sears through the Idee di pietra
go to the Simmons Quadrangle through the Medical Research Lab
go to the Lippit House through the Swearer Center for Public Service
go to the Prince Engineering Lab through the Casey Shearer Memorial
go to the Minden Hall through the The Ivy Room
go to the Wilbour Hall through the Brown University
go through the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity and navigate to the Rhode Island Hall .
go through the Rockefeller Library and navigate to the Lyman Hall .
go through the Lot 76 and navigate to the Brown University Sciences Library .
go through the Brown University and navigate to the Maddock Alumni  .
go through the Soldiers Memorial Gate and navigate to the University Hall .
go through the Brown Center for Students of Color and navigate to the Wayland .
go through the University Hall and navigate to the Brown University .
go through the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate and navigate to the Class of 1887 Gate .
go through the 86 Waterman  and navigate to the Wriston Quad .
go through the Robinson Hall and navigate to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
go through the Circle Dance Sculpture and navigate to the Slater Hall .
go through the Rockefeller Library and navigate to the Wayland .
go through the Brown Bear and navigate to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go through the 67 George and navigate to the Lippit House .
go through the Prospect House and navigate to the Littlefield Hall .
go through the Gardner House and navigate to the Lippit House .
go through the Idee di pietra and navigate to the Friedman Hall .
go through the Swearer Center for Public Service and navigate to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go through the 86 Waterman  and navigate to the Carrie Tower .
go through the BERT and navigate to the John Hay Library .
go through the Hope College and navigate to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go through the Starbucks and navigate to the List Art Building .
go through the University Hall and navigate to the Brown Bear .
go through the Prince Engineering Lab and navigate to the Urban Environmental Lab .
go through the Arnold Laboratory and navigate to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go through the Maddock Alumni  and navigate to the Class of 1872 Gate .
go through the College Green and navigate to the Van Wickle Gates .
go through the John Carter Brown Library and navigate to the Brown University .
go through the War Memorial and navigate to the Starbucks .
go through the Brown University Sciences Library and navigate to the Brown Bear .
go through the Kassar House and navigate to the Prince Engineering Lab .
go through the Hope College and navigate to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go through the Idee di pietra and navigate to the 67 George .
go through the Sharpe Refectory and navigate to the J.W. Wilson .
go through the Littlefield Hall and navigate to the Manning .
go through the BERT and navigate to the Slater Hall .
go through the Wilbour Hall and navigate to the List Art Building .
go through the Medical Research Lab and navigate to the John Carter Brown Library .
go through the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall and navigate to the Horace Mann House .
go through the Shirley Miller House and navigate to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go through the Horace Mann House and navigate to the University Hall .
go through the Hegeman and navigate to the Slavery Memorial .
go through the Rhode Island Hall and navigate to the Maddock Alumni  .
go through the War Memorial and navigate to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go through the Class of 1872 Gate and navigate to the 67 George .
go through the Simmons Quadrangle and navigate to the University Hall .
go through the Manning and navigate to the Lincoln Field Building .
go through the Lincoln Field Building and navigate to the Lot 18 .
go through the Swearer Center for Public Service and navigate to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go through the Maxcy Hall and navigate to the 67 George .
go through the Brown Bear and navigate to the Slavery Memorial .
from the Watson Center for Information Technology , navigate to the Quiet Green .
from the Van Wickle Gates , navigate to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
from the Sayles Hall , navigate to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
from the Horace Mann House , navigate to the List Art Building .
from the Salomon Center for Teaching , navigate to the Mencoff Hall .
from the Wayland , navigate to the Prospect House .
from the Simmons Quadrangle , navigate to the John Hay Library .
from the Lot 76 , navigate to the Hegeman .
from the J.W. Wilson , navigate to the Marston Hall .
from the Carrie Tower , navigate to the Wayland .
from the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity , navigate to the Maxcy Hall .
from the Saint Stephens Church , navigate to the Citizen's Bank .
from the Lot 18 , navigate to the Brown University .
from the Minden Hall , navigate to the Norwood House .
from the Arnold Laboratory , navigate to the Urban Environmental Lab .
from the Lyman Hall , navigate to the Saint Stephens Church .
from the Metcalf Research Building , navigate to the Saint Stephens Church .
from the Friedman Hall , navigate to the Caswell Hall .
from the J.W. Wilson , navigate to the Sayles Hall .
from the Slater Hall , navigate to the College Green .
from the Lot 17 , navigate to the Hope College .
from the Wayland , navigate to the Hegeman .
from the Untitled Lamp/Bear , navigate to the Sayles Hall .
from the Van Wickle Gates , navigate to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
from the Gardner House , navigate to the Medical Research Lab .
from the Shirley Miller House , navigate to the Littlefield Hall .
from the Van Wickle Gates , navigate to the Maxcy Green .
from the War Memorial , navigate to the Walter Hall .
from the Gardner House , navigate to the John Carter Brown Library .
from the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology , navigate to the Class of 1887 Gate .
from the List Art Building , navigate to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
from the The Ivy Room , navigate to the Marcus Aurelius .
from the Campus Market , navigate to the Lippit House .
from the University Hall , navigate to the Wayland .
from the Robinson Gate , navigate to the Prince Engineering Lab .
from the Lippit House , navigate to the Littlefield Hall .
from the Salomon Center for Teaching , navigate to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
from the Manning , navigate to the Barus Building .
from the Horace Mann House , navigate to the Wriston Quad .
from the Hegeman , navigate to the Kassar House .
from the Slavery Memorial , navigate to the Gardner House .
from the John Hay Library , navigate to the Carrie Tower .
from the Brown Bear , navigate to the Medical Research Lab .
from the Hope College , navigate to the Carrie Tower .
from the Marston Hall , navigate to the Maxcy Green .
from the Minden Hall , navigate to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
from the Lincoln Field Building , navigate to the Finlandia .
from the Casey Shearer Memorial , navigate to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
from the Brown Bear , navigate to the Sayles Hall .
from the Hughes Court , navigate to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
from the Prospect House , navigate to the Van Wickle Gates .
from the Gardner House , navigate to the Norwood House .
from the List Art Building , navigate to the Lot 17 .
from the Wilbour Hall , navigate to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
from the Sharpe Refectory , navigate to the Slater Hall .
navigate to the Untitled Lamp/Bear before going to the Metcalf Research Building .
navigate to the Citizen's Bank before going to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
navigate to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop before going to the Metcalf Research Building .
navigate to the Hughes Court before going to the University Hall .
navigate to the Marston Hall before going to the Lot 17 .
navigate to the Marston Hall before going to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
navigate to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop before going to the Caswell Hall .
navigate to the Casey Shearer Memorial before going to the Brown Bear .
navigate to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall before going to the Prospect House .
navigate to the 67 George before going to the Walter Hall .
navigate to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall before going to the Lot 17 .
navigate to the Shirley Miller House before going to the Sears .
navigate to the Citizen's Bank before going to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
navigate to the 86 Waterman  before going to the Metcalf Research Building .
navigate to the Prospect House before going to the Maxcy Green .
navigate to the Prince Engineering Lab before going to the Walter Hall .
navigate to the Maddock Alumni  before going to the Faunce House .
navigate to the Salomon Center for Teaching before going to the Sears .
navigate to the Simmons Quadrangle before going to the Horace Mann House .
navigate to the Salomon Center for Teaching before going to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
navigate to the Caswell Hall before going to the Urban Environmental Lab .
navigate to the Van Wickle Gates before going to the Blue Room .
navigate to the Hope College before going to the Littlefield Hall .
navigate to the List Art Building before going to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
navigate to the Medical Research Lab before going to the Simmons Quadrangle .
navigate to the List Art Building before going to the Wriston Quad .
navigate to the Starbucks before going to the Brown Bear .
navigate to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ before going to the Urban Environmental Lab .
navigate to the Wayland before going to the Hope College .
navigate to the Watson Center for Information Technology before going to the University Hall .
navigate to the Circle Dance Sculpture before going to the Brown University Sciences Library .
navigate to the Finlandia before going to the Hope College .
navigate to the Brown University Sciences Library before going to the Citizen's Bank .
navigate to the Finlandia before going to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
navigate to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences before going to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
navigate to the Watson Center for Information Technology before going to the Marcus Aurelius .
navigate to the Finlandia before going to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
navigate to the College Green before going to the Manning .
navigate to the P-131317 before going to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
navigate to the Marcus Aurelius before going to the Blue Room .
navigate to the Slater Hall before going to the Shirley Miller House .
navigate to the Shirley Miller House before going to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
navigate to the Van Wickle Gates before going to the Caswell Hall .
navigate to the John Carter Brown Library before going to the Slavery Memorial .
navigate to the 86 Waterman  before going to the Citizen's Bank .
navigate to the Robinson Gate before going to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
navigate to the Horace Mann House before going to the Rockefeller Library .
navigate to the Starbucks before going to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
navigate to the Simmons Quadrangle before going to the Hughes Court .
navigate to the Gardner House before going to the College Green .
navigate to the Casey Shearer Memorial before going to the Maddock Alumni  .
navigate to the Slavery Memorial before going to the Arnold Laboratory .
navigate to the Blue Room before going to the Lyman Hall .
navigate to the William Goddard Memorial Gate before going to the Brown Bear .
navigate to the College Green before going to the Hope College .
navigate to the Maxcy Hall before going to the Horace Mann House .
navigate to the Brown Bear before going to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
navigate to the Minden Hall before going to the Brown Bear .
go through the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology to the College Green .
go through the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall to the Rockefeller Library .
go through the Brown Center for Students of Color to the Manning .
go through the Brown University Sciences Library to the Quiet Green .
go through the 67 George to the Littlefield Hall .
go through the John Nicholas Brown Gate to the Simmons Quadrangle .
go through the Maddock Alumni  to the Class of 1887 Gate .
go through the Slavery Memorial to the Maxcy Green .
go through the Campus Market to the Brown Bear .
go through the The Ivy Room to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go through the Wriston Quad to the Shirley Miller House .
go through the John Carter Brown Library to the Carrie Tower .
go through the Barus Building to the Quiet Green .
go through the Sharpe Refectory to the Hughes Court .
go through the Hegeman to the Minden Hall .
go through the Salomon Center for Teaching to the Mencoff Hall .
go through the Barus Building to the Van Wickle Gates .
go through the J.W. Wilson to the Gardner House .
go through the Sayles Hall to the Sears .
go through the College Green to the P-131317 .
go through the Hope College to the Horace Mann House .
go through the Walter Hall to the Van Wickle Gates .
go through the Brown Bear to the Brown University .
go through the Rockefeller Library to the Manning .
go through the Class of 1887 Gate to the Norwood House .
go through the Blue Room to the John Hay Library .
go through the Prospect House to the Urban Environmental Lab .
go through the Hegeman to the Citizen's Bank .
go through the Watson Center for Information Technology to the P-131317 .
go through the Class of 1887 Gate to the Slater Hall .
go through the P-131317 to the Van Wickle Gates .
go through the Idee di pietra to the Brown Bear .
go through the Hughes Court to the Walter Hall .
go through the Lincoln Field Building to the Walter Hall .
go through the Brown Center for Students of Color to the Blue Room .
go through the Idee di pietra to the Finlandia .
go through the Slavery Memorial to the University Hall .
go through the Caswell Hall to the Maxcy Green .
go through the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go through the Prince Engineering Lab to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
go through the Prospect House to the 86 Waterman  .
go through the University Hall to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go through the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity to the The Ivy Room .
go through the Maxcy Hall to the John Hay Library .
go through the Hughes Court to the Lot 18 .
go through the Hope College to the Campus Market .
go through the Starbucks to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go through the Class of 1872 Gate to the Wilbour Hall .
go through the William Goddard Memorial Gate to the Norwood House .
go through the Slavery Memorial to the Medical Research Lab .
go through the Arnold Laboratory to the Van Wickle Gates .
go through the Sayles Hall to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go through the Van Wickle Gates to the Quiet Green .
go through the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate to the The Ivy Room .
go through the Salomon Center for Teaching to the Medical Research Lab .
go through the Brown University Sciences Library to the War Memorial .
go through the Casey Shearer Memorial to the Lyman Hall .
go from the 67 George to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate
go from the Medical Research Lab to the Barus Building
go from the Mencoff Hall to the Slater Hall
go from the College Green to the Brown Center for Students of Color
go from the Barus Building to the Lippit House
go from the Brown University Sciences Library to the Finlandia
go from the BERT to the Lot 17
go from the Swearer Center for Public Service to the Sears
go from the List Art Building to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity
go from the Untitled Lamp/Bear to the Rhode Island Hall
go from the Horace Mann House to the War Memorial
go from the Rockefeller Library to the Lyman Hall
go from the Rockefeller Library to the Starbucks
go from the Salomon Center for Teaching to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences
go from the Maddock Alumni  to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology
go from the List Art Building to the Medical Research Lab
go from the Wayland to the Hughes Court
go from the Finlandia to the Medical Research Lab
go from the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall to the Citizen's Bank
go from the Prince Engineering Lab to the Friedman Hall
go from the Quiet Green to the Saint Stephens Church
go from the John Hay Library to the John Carter Brown Library
go from the Faunce House to the University Hall
go from the Wayland to the List Art Building
go from the Prince Engineering Lab to the Class of 1872 Gate
go from the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate to the Untitled Lamp/Bear
go from the Marston Hall to the 67 George
go from the 86 Waterman  to the Wriston Quad
go from the Swearer Center for Public Service to the Kassar House
go from the Watson Center for Information Technology to the Brown University
go from the Wriston Quad to the J.W. Wilson
go from the Sharpe Refectory to the Barus Building
go from the The Ivy Room to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ
go from the War Memorial to the John Carter Brown Library
go from the Maxcy Hall to the Starbucks
go from the Lot 17 to the Slavery Memorial
go from the Swearer Center for Public Service to the Sears
go from the Van Wickle Gates to the Prospect House
go from the Manning to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity
go from the Robinson Hall to the Robinson Gate
go from the Gardner House to the Maxcy Hall
go from the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology to the Carrie Tower
go from the Quiet Green to the Walter Hall
go from the Marston Hall to the Lot 76
go from the Horace Mann House to the Urban Environmental Lab
go from the Watson Center for Information Technology to the Norwood House
go from the Marcus Aurelius to the Citizen's Bank
go from the Hegeman to the Swearer Center for Public Service
go from the Slater Hall to the Brown University
go from the Lot 76 to the University Hall
go from the Wayland to the The Ivy Room
go from the Wriston Quad to the Minden Hall
go from the Brown University to the Brown Center for Students of Color
go from the Lyman Hall to the Lot 17
go from the John Hay Library to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology
go from the John Carter Brown Library to the BERT
go from the Lincoln Field Building to the University Hall
go from the Wilbour Hall to the Quiet Green
move to the Lot 18 but ensure to go to the Van Wickle Gates first .
move to the Rhode Island Hall but ensure to go to the Shirley Miller House first .
move to the Barus Building but ensure to go to the Urban Environmental Lab first .
move to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall but ensure to go to the Sharpe Refectory first .
move to the War Memorial but ensure to go to the Simmons Quadrangle first .
move to the Maxcy Hall but ensure to go to the Minden Hall first .
move to the Robinson Hall but ensure to go to the College Green first .
move to the Brown University Sciences Library but ensure to go to the John Carter Brown Library first .
move to the Prospect House but ensure to go to the John Hay Library first .
move to the Wilbour Hall but ensure to go to the Lot 18 first .
move to the Lot 18 but ensure to go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate first .
move to the Robinson Gate but ensure to go to the 86 Waterman  first .
move to the List Art Building but ensure to go to the Marcus Aurelius first .
move to the Marcus Aurelius but ensure to go to the Quiet Green first .
move to the Caswell Hall but ensure to go to the Arnold Laboratory first .
move to the Manning but ensure to go to the Brown Bear first .
move to the Barus Building but ensure to go to the Arnold Laboratory first .
move to the Carrie Tower but ensure to go to the Brown University Sciences Library first .
move to the Salomon Center for Teaching but ensure to go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate first .
move to the University Hall but ensure to go to the 67 George first .
move to the Lincoln Field Building but ensure to go to the Prospect House first .
move to the John Carter Brown Library but ensure to go to the Metcalf Research Building first .
move to the Lippit House but ensure to go to the Van Wickle Gates first .
move to the Carrie Tower but ensure to go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear first .
move to the Medical Research Lab but ensure to go to the College Green first .
move to the Gardner House but ensure to go to the Walter Hall first .
move to the Saint Stephens Church but ensure to go to the Lot 76 first .
move to the 86 Waterman  but ensure to go to the Swearer Center for Public Service first .
move to the Medical Research Lab but ensure to go to the Wilbour Hall first .
move to the 67 George but ensure to go to the Quiet Green first .
move to the Marcus Aurelius but ensure to go to the Casey Shearer Memorial first .
move to the Norwood House but ensure to go to the Hope College first .
move to the Maddock Alumni  but ensure to go to the Robinson Gate first .
move to the Idee di pietra but ensure to go to the Brown Center for Students of Color first .
move to the John Nicholas Brown Gate but ensure to go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall first .
move to the Starbucks but ensure to go to the Salomon Center for Teaching first .
move to the Robinson Hall but ensure to go to the Lyman Hall first .
move to the Wayland but ensure to go to the Minden Hall first .
move to the Urban Environmental Lab but ensure to go to the Barus Building first .
move to the Blue Room but ensure to go to the Slater Hall first .
move to the John Carter Brown Library but ensure to go to the Littlefield Hall first .
move to the College Green but ensure to go to the Sears first .
move to the Brown University Sciences Library but ensure to go to the Watson Center for Information Technology first .
move to the Maxcy Green but ensure to go to the Brown Center for Students of Color first .
move to the Lyman Hall but ensure to go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear first .
move to the Van Wickle Gates but ensure to go to the Brown Bear first .
move to the Sharpe Refectory but ensure to go to the Wayland first .
move to the Robinson Hall but ensure to go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity first .
move to the Carrie Tower but ensure to go to the Littlefield Hall first .
move to the Van Wickle Gates but ensure to go to the Citizen's Bank first .
move to the Maddock Alumni  but ensure to go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences first .
move to the Urban Environmental Lab but ensure to go to the Simmons Quadrangle first .
move to the Brown Bear but ensure to go to the Lincoln Field Building first .
move to the Kassar House but ensure to go to the John Carter Brown Library first .
go from John Hay Library to Lot 18 .
go from John Hay Library to Kassar House .
go from Slater Hall to Gardner House .
go from 67 George to Casey Shearer Memorial .
go from Lot 76 to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go from Campus Market to Littlefield Hall .
go from Casey Shearer Memorial to Manning .
go from 67 George to Maxcy Green .
go from Starbucks to War Memorial .
go from J.W. Wilson to Quiet Green .
go from Saint Stephens Church to Robinson Gate .
go from Gardner House to Salomon Center for Teaching .
go from Walter Hall to Van Wickle Gates .
go from J.W. Wilson to Hegeman .
go from Hegeman to Barus Building .
go from Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences to Barus Building .
go from Prince Engineering Lab to Kassar House .
go from P-131317 to Lyman Hall .
go from Brown Bear to Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go from Starbucks to Barus Building .
go from Brown University Sciences Library to Brown Bear .
go from Class of 1887 Gate to The Ivy Room .
go from Hughes Court to Carrie Tower .
go from Medical Research Lab to Simmons Quadrangle .
go from William Goddard Memorial Gate to Rockefeller Library .
go from Class of 1887 Gate to Metcalf Research Building .
go from William Goddard Memorial Gate to Maxcy Green .
go from Brown Bear to William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go from John Hay Library to Lyman Hall .
go from Campus Market to Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go from Lot 18 to Class of 1887 Gate .
go from Brown Bear to Marcus Aurelius .
go from Class of 1887 Gate to Simmons Quadrangle .
go from Brown Bear to Walter Hall .
go from Brown University to Lincoln Field Building .
go from Campus Market to William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go from Salomon Center for Teaching to List Art Building .
go from Lot 17 to Barus Building .
go from Metcalf Research Building to Marcus Aurelius .
go from Caswell Hall to University Hall .
go from Maxcy Hall to 67 George .
go from Lot 17 to Barus Building .
go from Class of 1887 Gate to Marcus Aurelius .
go from GeoChem and Macmillian Hall to Lot 76 .
go from Quiet Green to Watson Center for Information Technology .
go from Class of 1887 Gate to Minden Hall .
go from Marston Hall to William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go from Barus Building to Class of 1887 Gate .
go from Campus Market to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go from Lyman Hall to Simmons Quadrangle .
go from Wriston Quad to Walter Hall .
go from Rockefeller Library to Saint Stephens Church .
go from Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences to Manning .
go from Carrie Tower to Faunce House .
go from Arnold Laboratory to Simmons Quadrangle .
go from BERT to John Hay Library .
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall , then go to the Brown University .
go to the Quiet Green , then go to the Horace Mann House .
go to the Brown University Sciences Library , then go to the Norwood House .
go to the Van Wickle Gates , then go to the Barus Building .
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity , then go to the Lot 17 .
go to the Lyman Hall , then go to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Hegeman , then go to the Sharpe Refectory .
go to the Lot 17 , then go to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to the Prince Engineering Lab , then go to the Maxcy Green .
go to the P-131317 , then go to the Shirley Miller House .
go to the Hope College , then go to the Wayland .
go to the John Hay Library , then go to the Blue Room .
go to the Sears , then go to the War Memorial .
go to the Friedman Hall , then go to the Quiet Green .
go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology , then go to the Brown Bear .
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity , then go to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to the Citizen's Bank , then go to the Rhode Island Hall .
go to the Horace Mann House , then go to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to the Prince Engineering Lab , then go to the Walter Hall .
go to the Lippit House , then go to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to the Casey Shearer Memorial , then go to the 67 George .
go to the Wriston Quad , then go to the P-131317 .
go to the Swearer Center for Public Service , then go to the Sears .
go to the Shirley Miller House , then go to the Wilbour Hall .
go to the John Hay Library , then go to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to the Sears , then go to the Wilbour Hall .
go to the Barus Building , then go to the John Hay Library .
go to the Walter Hall , then go to the Rhode Island Hall .
go to the Hegeman , then go to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to the Circle Dance Sculpture , then go to the Gardner House .
go to the Marcus Aurelius , then go to the Horace Mann House .
go to the Lot 17 , then go to the 86 Waterman  .
go to the John Hay Library , then go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology , then go to the Slater Hall .
go to the Caswell Hall , then go to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to the Casey Shearer Memorial , then go to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to the 86 Waterman  , then go to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Metcalf Research Building , then go to the University Hall .
go to the Norwood House , then go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to the War Memorial , then go to the Simmons Quadrangle .
go to the Slavery Memorial , then go to the Sharpe Refectory .
go to the Urban Environmental Lab , then go to the Idee di pietra .
go to the Lot 18 , then go to the Class of 1872 Gate .
go to the 67 George , then go to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Minden Hall , then go to the Hegeman .
go to the Wriston Quad , then go to the Lyman Hall .
go to the Maxcy Hall , then go to the Slavery Memorial .
go to the Saint Stephens Church , then go to the Brown Bear .
go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate , then go to the Caswell Hall .
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity , then go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to the Sayles Hall , then go to the Carrie Tower .
go from the Watson Center for Information Technology to the Saint Stephens Church .
go from the University Hall to the Robinson Gate .
go from the Carrie Tower to the University Hall .
go from the Marcus Aurelius to the John Carter Brown Library .
go from the Caswell Hall to the Blue Room .
go from the Blue Room to the Idee di pietra .
go from the Lot 18 to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go from the Faunce House to the Lippit House .
go from the Marston Hall to the Kassar House .
go from the Campus Market to the Maddock Alumni  .
go from the John Nicholas Brown Gate to the Saint Stephens Church .
go from the Idee di pietra to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
go from the Minden Hall to the 86 Waterman  .
go from the Lincoln Field Building to the Hope College .
go from the Lyman Hall to the Manning .
go from the Faunce House to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go from the Campus Market to the Van Wickle Gates .
go from the Prospect House to the Slavery Memorial .
go from the Brown University to the Friedman Hall .
go from the Gardner House to the John Hay Library .
go from the Shirley Miller House to the Gardner House .
go from the Prince Engineering Lab to the Robinson Hall .
go from the Wayland to the Rhode Island Hall .
go from the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences to the Wriston Quad .
go from the War Memorial to the Rhode Island Hall .
go from the Hope College to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go from the Watson Center for Information Technology to the Medical Research Lab .
go from the Carrie Tower to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go from the Blue Room to the Friedman Hall .
go from the Maxcy Hall to the 86 Waterman  .
go from the Kassar House to the Brown Bear .
go from the War Memorial to the Lippit House .
go from the Rhode Island Hall to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go from the Watson Center for Information Technology to the The Ivy Room .
go from the Manning to the Maxcy Hall .
go from the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go from the Van Wickle Gates to the 67 George .
go from the Brown University Sciences Library to the The Ivy Room .
go from the List Art Building to the Minden Hall .
go from the Robinson Gate to the J.W. Wilson .
go from the John Hay Library to the Faunce House .
go from the Saint Stephens Church to the Citizen's Bank .
go from the Slavery Memorial to the Wilbour Hall .
go from the Starbucks to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
go from the Norwood House to the Walter Hall .
go from the Metcalf Research Building to the Robinson Gate .
go from the Gardner House to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go from the Caswell Hall to the Manning .
go from the Hughes Court to the College Green .
go from the Wriston Quad to the Gardner House .
go from the John Carter Brown Library to the War Memorial .
go from the Sharpe Refectory to the Slater Hall .
go from the Casey Shearer Memorial to the Blue Room .
go from the Lot 18 to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go from the College Green to the Sharpe Refectory .
go from the Shirley Miller House to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go from the Faunce House to the Caswell Hall .
go from the The Ivy Room to the Horace Mann House .
go from the Prospect House to the Walter Hall .
go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology , then go to the Watson Center for Information Technology
go to the Wriston Quad , then go to the John Hay Library
go to the Robinson Hall , then go to the Brown Center for Students of Color
go to the Littlefield Hall , then go to the Carrie Tower
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity , then go to the Lot 76
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity , then go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology
go to the Circle Dance Sculpture , then go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences
go to the Slavery Memorial , then go to the Brown Bear
go to the J.W. Wilson , then go to the Brown Bear
go to the Marston Hall , then go to the Hegeman
go to the Van Wickle Gates , then go to the Norwood House
go to the Arnold Laboratory , then go to the Marcus Aurelius
go to the Class of 1872 Gate , then go to the BERT
go to the Barus Building , then go to the Citizen's Bank
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop , then go to the Lippit House
go to the Maxcy Hall , then go to the Horace Mann House
go to the Prospect House , then go to the Minden Hall
go to the Urban Environmental Lab , then go to the 86 Waterman 
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity , then go to the Prospect House
go to the Horace Mann House , then go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority
go to the List Art Building , then go to the Salomon Center for Teaching
go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate , then go to the 67 George
go to the Gardner House , then go to the Hegeman
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate , then go to the Sharpe Refectory
go to the Brown Bear , then go to the Metcalf Research Building
go to the BERT , then go to the Brown Bear
go to the Minden Hall , then go to the P-131317
go to the Prospect House , then go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ
go to the Lot 17 , then go to the Maddock Alumni 
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority , then go to the War Memorial
go to the Lot 18 , then go to the Starbucks
go to the Class of 1887 Gate , then go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity , then go to the Caswell Hall
go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology , then go to the Simmons Quadrangle
go to the Citizen's Bank , then go to the Robinson Gate
go to the Campus Market , then go to the Sayles Hall
go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences , then go to the Citizen's Bank
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ , then go to the The Ivy Room
go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences , then go to the Shirley Miller House
go to the Shirley Miller House , then go to the Lot 18
go to the Wriston Quad , then go to the Robinson Gate
go to the Quiet Green , then go to the Littlefield Hall
go to the Starbucks , then go to the Hegeman
go to the The Ivy Room , then go to the Shirley Miller House
go to the Faunce House , then go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate
go to the War Memorial , then go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority
go to the Robinson Hall , then go to the Robinson Gate
go to the Wayland , then go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate
go to the Class of 1872 Gate , then go to the John Carter Brown Library
go to the Sayles Hall , then go to the Marcus Aurelius
go to the Lot 18 , then go to the Arnold Laboratory
go from the University Hall to the John Nicholas Brown Gate
go from the Brown University to the Class of 1872 Gate
go from the Idee di pietra to the Blue Room
go from the Slavery Memorial to the Hegeman
go from the Maxcy Green to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences
go from the Lot 76 to the Manning
go from the Brown University Sciences Library to the Hegeman
go from the Brown Center for Students of Color to the Hughes Court
go from the Soldiers Memorial Gate to the Brown Bear
go from the Medical Research Lab to the Soldiers Memorial Gate
go from the John Hay Library to the 86 Waterman 
go from the Barus Building to the Prince Engineering Lab
go from the Lincoln Field Building to the Citizen's Bank
go from the Caswell Hall to the Rhode Island Hall
go from the The Ivy Room to the Sears
go from the Slater Hall to the Saint Stephens Church
go from the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology to the Metcalf Research Building
go from the J.W. Wilson to the Lot 17
go from the Idee di pietra to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop
go from the Sharpe Refectory to the Lippit House
go from the Friedman Hall to the Salomon Center for Teaching
go from the Salomon Center for Teaching to the John Nicholas Brown Gate
go from the Hughes Court to the Robinson Gate
go from the Brown University to the Swearer Center for Public Service
go from the Robinson Gate to the The Ivy Room
go from the Watson Center for Information Technology to the The Ivy Room
go from the John Nicholas Brown Gate to the Brown Bear
go from the Simmons Quadrangle to the Hegeman
go from the 67 George to the Manning
go from the Marcus Aurelius to the BERT
go from the Horace Mann House to the Blue Room
go from the BERT to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity
go from the Rhode Island Hall to the Van Wickle Gates
go from the Gardner House to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall
go from the Lot 76 to the Norwood House
go from the Slavery Memorial to the Medical Research Lab
go from the Simmons Quadrangle to the Salomon Center for Teaching
go from the Caswell Hall to the Littlefield Hall
go from the William Goddard Memorial Gate to the Arnold Laboratory
go from the Salomon Center for Teaching to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity
go from the Prospect House to the Watson Center for Information Technology
go from the Wayland to the Marcus Aurelius
go from the Lot 17 to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority
go from the Maxcy Hall to the Gardner House
go from the Hughes Court to the Wilbour Hall
go from the Manning to the Citizen's Bank
go from the Wilbour Hall to the Mencoff Hall
go from the Hughes Court to the War Memorial
go from the Slavery Memorial to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences
go from the Class of 1872 Gate to the Lot 18
go from the Brown University to the Shirley Miller House
go from the Maxcy Hall to the Van Wickle Gates
go from the Lot 76 to the John Nicholas Brown Gate
go from the College Green to the Walter Hall
go from the Hope College to the Lippit House
go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences through the J.W. Wilson .
go to the The Ivy Room through the Maddock Alumni  .
go to the Wayland through the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to the Lincoln Field Building through the Faunce House .
go to the Hope College through the Littlefield Hall .
go to the Robinson Gate through the Marston Hall .
go to the Brown University Sciences Library through the Norwood House .
go to the Rockefeller Library through the Wayland .
go to the Maddock Alumni  through the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to the Robinson Hall through the War Memorial .
go to the Lot 18 through the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the John Carter Brown Library through the Barus Building .
go to the The Ivy Room through the Marston Hall .
go to the Circle Dance Sculpture through the Sears .
go to the Sayles Hall through the Caswell Hall .
go to the List Art Building through the Walter Hall .
go to the Circle Dance Sculpture through the Maxcy Green .
go to the Wilbour Hall through the Robinson Gate .
go to the Lyman Hall through the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to the Starbucks through the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to the J.W. Wilson through the Lot 17 .
go to the Slater Hall through the Mencoff Hall .
go to the Lincoln Field Building through the Walter Hall .
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority through the Metcalf Research Building .
go to the Sharpe Refectory through the Sayles Hall .
go to the Citizen's Bank through the Manning .
go to the Walter Hall through the Arnold Laboratory .
go to the Robinson Gate through the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall through the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to the Walter Hall through the Shirley Miller House .
go to the Lincoln Field Building through the Norwood House .
go to the Metcalf Research Building through the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology through the Brown University .
go to the Walter Hall through the Maddock Alumni  .
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ through the Barus Building .
go to the P-131317 through the Brown University Sciences Library .
go to the Hegeman through the Maddock Alumni  .
go to the Brown University through the Slavery Memorial .
go to the The Ivy Room through the List Art Building .
go to the Starbucks through the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to the Littlefield Hall through the Urban Environmental Lab .
go to the Barus Building through the Idee di pietra .
go to the Hegeman through the 86 Waterman  .
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall through the Lyman Hall .
go to the Sharpe Refectory through the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to the Faunce House through the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to the Wilbour Hall through the Friedman Hall .
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color through the Brown University Sciences Library .
go to the Simmons Quadrangle through the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to the P-131317 through the Rhode Island Hall .
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching through the Wilbour Hall .
go to the Campus Market and then go to the Quiet Green .
go to the John Hay Library and then go to the Shirley Miller House .
go to the P-131317 and then go to the Marcus Aurelius .
go to the Slavery Memorial and then go to the Quiet Green .
go to the Wriston Quad and then go to the Citizen's Bank .
go to the Caswell Hall and then go to the Marcus Aurelius .
go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate and then go to the Robinson Hall .
go to the Hughes Court and then go to the Rhode Island Hall .
go to the Minden Hall and then go to the Mencoff Hall .
go to the Metcalf Research Building and then go to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to the Saint Stephens Church and then go to the John Carter Brown Library .
go to the Wilbour Hall and then go to the 67 George .
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ and then go to the Campus Market .
go to the Idee di pietra and then go to the Mencoff Hall .
go to the Marcus Aurelius and then go to the Robinson Hall .
go to the Blue Room and then go to the Campus Market .
go to the Shirley Miller House and then go to the Lot 18 .
go to the Brown University and then go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to the Urban Environmental Lab and then go to the Lippit House .
go to the Sears and then go to the Arnold Laboratory .
go to the Gardner House and then go to the Brown Bear .
go to the Norwood House and then go to the Littlefield Hall .
go to the Starbucks and then go to the P-131317 .
go to the Lot 18 and then go to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to the J.W. Wilson and then go to the Class of 1872 Gate .
go to the Slater Hall and then go to the Prospect House .
go to the Class of 1887 Gate and then go to the Prince Engineering Lab .
go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences and then go to the Mencoff Hall .
go to the John Hay Library and then go to the Sharpe Refectory .
go to the Swearer Center for Public Service and then go to the Maxcy Hall .
go to the Kassar House and then go to the Maxcy Hall .
go to the Blue Room and then go to the Gardner House .
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall and then go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to the Brown Bear and then go to the John Hay Library .
go to the Brown Bear and then go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to the Mencoff Hall and then go to the List Art Building .
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity and then go to the Lyman Hall .
go to the Gardner House and then go to the Metcalf Research Building .
go to the Hegeman and then go to the 86 Waterman  .
go to the The Ivy Room and then go to the Finlandia .
go to the 86 Waterman  and then go to the Robinson Gate .
go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate and then go to the J.W. Wilson .
go to the Van Wickle Gates and then go to the Littlefield Hall .
go to the Hughes Court and then go to the Urban Environmental Lab .
go to the Rhode Island Hall and then go to the John Hay Library .
go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate and then go to the Robinson Hall .
go to the Prince Engineering Lab and then go to the Brown Bear .
go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology and then go to the Lincoln Field Building .
go to the Casey Shearer Memorial and then go to the Rockefeller Library .
go to the University Hall and then go to the College Green .
go to the Blue Room and then go to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to the Maxcy Green and then go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate and then go to the Robinson Gate .
go to the Saint Stephens Church and then go to the Sharpe Refectory .
go to the University Hall and then go to the Idee di pietra .
go to the John Hay Library and then go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to the Urban Environmental Lab and then go to the P-131317 .
go to the Marston Hall and then go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to the Starbucks and then go to the Brown University .
go to the Blue Room and then go to the Minden Hall .
go to the Maxcy Hall , then go to the Barus Building .
go to the Slater Hall , then go to the Kassar House .
go to the Shirley Miller House , then go to the Kassar House .
go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences , then go to the Hegeman .
go to the Blue Room , then go to the Wriston Quad .
go to the Marston Hall , then go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to the Blue Room , then go to the Littlefield Hall .
go to the Carrie Tower , then go to the Blue Room .
go to the Lincoln Field Building , then go to the Shirley Miller House .
go to the Carrie Tower , then go to the Wriston Quad .
go to the 86 Waterman  , then go to the Brown University Sciences Library .
go to the Mencoff Hall , then go to the Rhode Island Hall .
go to the University Hall , then go to the College Green .
go to the 67 George , then go to the Rhode Island Hall .
go to the Brown Bear , then go to the John Carter Brown Library .
go to the Class of 1872 Gate , then go to the Idee di pietra .
go to the J.W. Wilson , then go to the Shirley Miller House .
go to the Maddock Alumni  , then go to the Robinson Hall .
go to the Circle Dance Sculpture , then go to the Maxcy Hall .
go to the BERT , then go to the Maxcy Green .
go to the Slavery Memorial , then go to the John Carter Brown Library .
go to the Hughes Court , then go to the Saint Stephens Church .
go to the Sharpe Refectory , then go to the Robinson Gate .
go to the Brown Bear , then go to the Faunce House .
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching , then go to the Simmons Quadrangle .
go to the Gardner House , then go to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to the Simmons Quadrangle , then go to the Maxcy Green .
go to the Van Wickle Gates , then go to the Finlandia .
go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate , then go to the Quiet Green .
go to the Urban Environmental Lab , then go to the Brown University .
go to the Van Wickle Gates , then go to the Prince Engineering Lab .
go to the Campus Market , then go to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Arnold Laboratory , then go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to the Wilbour Hall , then go to the Sayles Hall .
go to the Brown Bear , then go to the Prince Engineering Lab .
go to the Brown University , then go to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching , then go to the Brown Bear .
go to the Metcalf Research Building , then go to the Robinson Gate .
go to the Brown Bear , then go to the Brown University .
go to the BERT , then go to the P-131317 .
go to the Brown University , then go to the Caswell Hall .
go to the Rockefeller Library , then go to the Prospect House .
go to the Brown Bear , then go to the Starbucks .
go to the Wilbour Hall , then go to the Prospect House .
go to the Brown University Sciences Library , then go to the Rockefeller Library .
go to the Faunce House , then go to the War Memorial .
go to the Littlefield Hall , then go to the Barus Building .
go to the BERT , then go to the Starbucks .
go to the Manning , then go to the Prince Engineering Lab .
go to the Brown University Sciences Library , then go to the Campus Market .
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ , then go to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to the Robinson Hall , then go to the Lippit House .
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color , then go to the Norwood House .
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color , then go to the Campus Market .
go to the Lot 17 , then go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
navigate to the Faunce House by passing through the College Green .
navigate to the Mencoff Hall by passing through the Starbucks .
navigate to the John Carter Brown Library by passing through the Friedman Hall .
navigate to the Watson Center for Information Technology by passing through the Brown University .
navigate to the War Memorial by passing through the Sharpe Refectory .
navigate to the Van Wickle Gates by passing through the Littlefield Hall .
navigate to the Prince Engineering Lab by passing through the Van Wickle Gates .
navigate to the Lyman Hall by passing through the College Green .
navigate to the Slavery Memorial by passing through the Prince Engineering Lab .
navigate to the Mencoff Hall by passing through the Urban Environmental Lab .
navigate to the John Carter Brown Library by passing through the Brown University Sciences Library .
navigate to the Hughes Court by passing through the Wriston Quad .
navigate to the Walter Hall by passing through the Barus Building .
navigate to the Arnold Laboratory by passing through the Slavery Memorial .
navigate to the Walter Hall by passing through the Robinson Hall .
navigate to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate by passing through the John Hay Library .
navigate to the War Memorial by passing through the Class of 1872 Gate .
navigate to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority by passing through the Lot 17 .
navigate to the Kassar House by passing through the Arnold Laboratory .
navigate to the Brown Bear by passing through the Rockefeller Library .
navigate to the Lincoln Field Building by passing through the Hope College .
navigate to the Hope College by passing through the Lincoln Field Building .
navigate to the Gardner House by passing through the Class of 1872 Gate .
navigate to the Wilbour Hall by passing through the Rockefeller Library .
navigate to the Mencoff Hall by passing through the 86 Waterman  .
navigate to the Lot 17 by passing through the Gardner House .
navigate to the Arnold Laboratory by passing through the Shirley Miller House .
navigate to the Saint Stephens Church by passing through the Faunce House .
navigate to the Class of 1887 Gate by passing through the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
navigate to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology by passing through the BERT .
navigate to the Maxcy Green by passing through the Littlefield Hall .
navigate to the Lot 18 by passing through the Horace Mann House .
navigate to the List Art Building by passing through the Lot 18 .
navigate to the Lippit House by passing through the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
navigate to the Lot 76 by passing through the Robinson Gate .
navigate to the Sayles Hall by passing through the Lincoln Field Building .
navigate to the Wriston Quad by passing through the Sharpe Refectory .
navigate to the Lot 18 by passing through the Slater Hall .
navigate to the Arnold Laboratory by passing through the BERT .
navigate to the Casey Shearer Memorial by passing through the Watson Center for Information Technology .
navigate to the Slater Hall by passing through the Van Wickle Gates .
navigate to the War Memorial by passing through the Wayland .
navigate to the Kassar House by passing through the Slavery Memorial .
navigate to the Starbucks by passing through the The Ivy Room .
navigate to the Caswell Hall by passing through the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
navigate to the Maxcy Hall by passing through the Saint Stephens Church .
navigate to the Manning by passing through the Faunce House .
navigate to the Salomon Center for Teaching by passing through the Lot 17 .
navigate to the Brown University Sciences Library by passing through the Lot 76 .
navigate to the Littlefield Hall by passing through the Arnold Laboratory .
navigate to the William Goddard Memorial Gate by passing through the Urban Environmental Lab .
navigate to the John Hay Library by passing through the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
navigate to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ by passing through the Norwood House .
navigate to the Rhode Island Hall by passing through the College Green .
navigate to the Walter Hall by passing through the Caswell Hall .
navigate to the Citizen's Bank by passing through the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
navigate to the Brown Center for Students of Color by passing through the J.W. Wilson .
navigate to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall by passing through the Watson Center for Information Technology .
navigate to the List Art Building by passing through the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
navigate to the Marston Hall by passing through the Arnold Laboratory .
navigate from the Shirley Miller House to the Arnold Laboratory .
navigate from the Prospect House to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
navigate from the Rockefeller Library to the Horace Mann House .
navigate from the BERT to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
navigate from the Faunce House to the Slater Hall .
navigate from the P-131317 to the Friedman Hall .
navigate from the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
navigate from the BERT to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
navigate from the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate to the Maxcy Hall .
navigate from the Maxcy Hall to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
navigate from the John Hay Library to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
navigate from the 67 George to the Sayles Hall .
navigate from the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
navigate from the Lippit House to the The Ivy Room .
navigate from the Gardner House to the Slavery Memorial .
navigate from the Mencoff Hall to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
navigate from the Citizen's Bank to the Brown Bear .
navigate from the Maxcy Hall to the Marston Hall .
navigate from the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall to the Carrie Tower .
navigate from the John Hay Library to the Class of 1887 Gate .
navigate from the John Hay Library to the Horace Mann House .
navigate from the Hope College to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
navigate from the Gardner House to the Hughes Court .
navigate from the Maddock Alumni  to the Saint Stephens Church .
navigate from the John Hay Library to the Brown University Sciences Library .
navigate from the Prospect House to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
navigate from the Robinson Gate to the Littlefield Hall .
navigate from the Sharpe Refectory to the Citizen's Bank .
navigate from the Maxcy Hall to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
navigate from the Faunce House to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
navigate from the Manning to the Sayles Hall .
navigate from the P-131317 to the Robinson Hall .
navigate from the Maxcy Green to the 86 Waterman  .
navigate from the Citizen's Bank to the Brown Bear .
navigate from the Lincoln Field Building to the Class of 1872 Gate .
navigate from the Urban Environmental Lab to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
navigate from the Marston Hall to the Van Wickle Gates .
navigate from the Van Wickle Gates to the Robinson Gate .
navigate from the Lot 18 to the Class of 1872 Gate .
navigate from the John Nicholas Brown Gate to the Campus Market .
navigate from the Faunce House to the Class of 1887 Gate .
navigate from the John Nicholas Brown Gate to the Brown University .
navigate from the Wayland to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
navigate from the Minden Hall to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
navigate from the Campus Market to the Wayland .
navigate from the The Ivy Room to the Carrie Tower .
navigate from the Manning to the Robinson Gate .
navigate from the Lot 18 to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
navigate from the Starbucks to the War Memorial .
navigate from the Citizen's Bank to the Finlandia .
navigate from the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity to the Maddock Alumni  .
navigate from the 86 Waterman  to the Citizen's Bank .
head to the Untitled Lamp/Bear but first go to the Minden Hall .
head to the Class of 1887 Gate but first go to the Campus Market .
head to the Lincoln Field Building but first go to the BERT .
head to the Wayland but first go to the Rockefeller Library .
head to the Faunce House but first go to the Hegeman .
head to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity but first go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
head to the List Art Building but first go to the John Hay Library .
head to the Brown Bear but first go to the Hegeman .
head to the Lot 17 but first go to the University Hall .
head to the Sayles Hall but first go to the Marston Hall .
head to the Sayles Hall but first go to the 86 Waterman  .
head to the Untitled Lamp/Bear but first go to the Maddock Alumni  .
head to the Simmons Quadrangle but first go to the Prince Engineering Lab .
head to the Lot 76 but first go to the John Hay Library .
head to the Finlandia but first go to the John Hay Library .
head to the Marcus Aurelius but first go to the Hegeman .
head to the Class of 1872 Gate but first go to the Lot 17 .
head to the Untitled Lamp/Bear but first go to the Caswell Hall .
head to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall but first go to the 86 Waterman  .
head to the Lincoln Field Building but first go to the Norwood House .
head to the Prospect House but first go to the Norwood House .
head to the Kassar House but first go to the Medical Research Lab .
head to the John Hay Library but first go to the Sears .
head to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ but first go to the Prospect House .
head to the Citizen's Bank but first go to the Friedman Hall .
head to the Maxcy Hall but first go to the Maxcy Green .
head to the Lot 17 but first go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
head to the Wayland but first go to the Lot 76 .
head to the Norwood House but first go to the Robinson Gate .
head to the Circle Dance Sculpture but first go to the Lot 76 .
head to the John Hay Library but first go to the Class of 1872 Gate .
head to the Marston Hall but first go to the John Hay Library .
head to the Class of 1887 Gate but first go to the Mencoff Hall .
head to the College Green but first go to the Brown University Sciences Library .
head to the Lyman Hall but first go to the Prince Engineering Lab .
head to the Wilbour Hall but first go to the Simmons Quadrangle .
head to the Watson Center for Information Technology but first go to the Slavery Memorial .
head to the Hughes Court but first go to the Caswell Hall .
head to the Lippit House but first go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
head to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ but first go to the Horace Mann House .
head to the John Nicholas Brown Gate but first go to the Slater Hall .
head to the Rhode Island Hall but first go to the Barus Building .
head to the Saint Stephens Church but first go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
head to the Lot 76 but first go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
head to the Wriston Quad but first go to the Blue Room .
head to the Mencoff Hall but first go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
head to the Hughes Court but first go to the Carrie Tower .
head to the Brown Center for Students of Color but first go to the Class of 1872 Gate .
head to the War Memorial but first go to the Manning .
head to the John Hay Library but first go to the Wilbour Hall .
head to the Robinson Gate but first go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
head to the Untitled Lamp/Bear but first go to the BERT .
head to the John Hay Library but first go to the Lincoln Field Building .
head to the Sharpe Refectory but first go to the John Carter Brown Library .
go to the Lyman Hall through the Horace Mann House
go to the Brown Bear through the William Goddard Memorial Gate
go to the Quiet Green through the Robinson Gate
go to the Class of 1887 Gate through the John Nicholas Brown Gate
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate through the Wriston Quad
go to the 86 Waterman  through the The Ivy Room
go to the Blue Room through the Lyman Hall
go to the Maxcy Hall through the William Goddard Memorial Gate
go to the Circle Dance Sculpture through the Salomon Center for Teaching
go to the Hope College through the Brown University Sciences Library
go to the Medical Research Lab through the Marcus Aurelius
go to the Medical Research Lab through the John Hay Library
go to the Metcalf Research Building through the J.W. Wilson
go to the Walter Hall through the Brown Bear
go to the Sears through the Campus Market
go to the Walter Hall through the Marston Hall
go to the Hegeman through the 67 George
go to the Class of 1887 Gate through the P-131317
go to the Maxcy Hall through the Class of 1887 Gate
go to the Swearer Center for Public Service through the Barus Building
go to the Medical Research Lab through the Sharpe Refectory
go to the Rhode Island Hall through the Metcalf Research Building
go to the Lyman Hall through the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority
go to the Sears through the John Nicholas Brown Gate
go to the Lot 76 through the Simmons Quadrangle
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ through the Brown Bear
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity through the Urban Environmental Lab
go to the Lincoln Field Building through the Salomon Center for Teaching
go to the Rockefeller Library through the Sharpe Refectory
go to the Simmons Quadrangle through the Class of 1887 Gate
go to the Walter Hall through the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop
go to the Marston Hall through the Manning
go to the Starbucks through the Carrie Tower
go to the The Ivy Room through the Mencoff Hall
go to the Medical Research Lab through the Arnold Laboratory
go to the Lincoln Field Building through the Littlefield Hall
go to the John Carter Brown Library through the Quiet Green
go to the Lincoln Field Building through the Lot 17
go to the John Carter Brown Library through the Carrie Tower
go to the Gardner House through the Sears
go to the Maddock Alumni  through the Soldiers Memorial Gate
go to the Slater Hall through the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall
go to the Saint Stephens Church through the Kassar House
go to the Lyman Hall through the Salomon Center for Teaching
go to the Saint Stephens Church through the Circle Dance Sculpture
go to the Van Wickle Gates through the Prince Engineering Lab
go to the Sears through the 86 Waterman 
go to the Hope College through the Lyman Hall
go to the Hope College through the Sears
go to the Starbucks through the Friedman Hall
go to the University Hall through the Maddock Alumni 
go to the Hegeman through the Hope College
go to the Robinson Gate through the Class of 1872 Gate
go to the John Hay Library then go to the Shirley Miller House
go to the Robinson Hall then go to the Casey Shearer Memorial
go to the Caswell Hall then go to the Hughes Court
go to the Brown University then go to the Minden Hall
go to the John Hay Library then go to the John Hay Library
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity then go to the Finlandia
go to the Brown University then go to the Circle Dance Sculpture
go to the Lippit House then go to the Maddock Alumni 
go to the Maxcy Green then go to the Sharpe Refectory
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color then go to the Marston Hall
go to the Kassar House then go to the John Hay Library
go to the Metcalf Research Building then go to the Barus Building
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority then go to the Van Wickle Gates
go to the Rockefeller Library then go to the Circle Dance Sculpture
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority then go to the Idee di pietra
go to the Urban Environmental Lab then go to the Brown Center for Students of Color
go to the Campus Market then go to the Salomon Center for Teaching
go to the Rhode Island Hall then go to the Idee di pietra
go to the Walter Hall then go to the Norwood House
go to the Lyman Hall then go to the Brown Center for Students of Color
go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate then go to the Campus Market
go to the Kassar House then go to the Hughes Court
go to the Minden Hall then go to the Slater Hall
go to the Minden Hall then go to the Class of 1887 Gate
go to the Friedman Hall then go to the Sayles Hall
go to the Barus Building then go to the Swearer Center for Public Service
go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences then go to the Urban Environmental Lab
go to the Wayland then go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate
go to the Swearer Center for Public Service then go to the Hope College
go to the Friedman Hall then go to the Campus Market
go to the Maddock Alumni  then go to the Robinson Gate
go to the Carrie Tower then go to the Sharpe Refectory
go to the Arnold Laboratory then go to the Salomon Center for Teaching
go to the BERT then go to the Swearer Center for Public Service
go to the Class of 1872 Gate then go to the BERT
go to the Circle Dance Sculpture then go to the Norwood House
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching then go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear
go to the Wayland then go to the Sharpe Refectory
go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate then go to the Simmons Quadrangle
go to the Hegeman then go to the Lot 76
go to the 67 George then go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop then go to the Sears
go to the Maxcy Hall then go to the Slater Hall
go to the John Hay Library then go to the Maxcy Green
go to the Lot 18 then go to the Brown University
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching then go to the Van Wickle Gates
go to the Slavery Memorial then go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate
go to the Walter Hall then go to the Wayland
go to the Simmons Quadrangle then go to the Urban Environmental Lab
go to the John Hay Library then go to the P-131317
go to the Kassar House then go to the Walter Hall
go to the Starbucks then go to the Prospect House
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ then go to the Rhode Island Hall
go from the Blue Room to the Lot 76
go from the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ to the Brown Bear
go from the Mencoff Hall to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate
go from the Wayland to the Hope College
go from the Maxcy Green to the Class of 1887 Gate
go from the Robinson Gate to the Horace Mann House
go from the Carrie Tower to the Minden Hall
go from the Littlefield Hall to the Circle Dance Sculpture
go from the P-131317 to the 86 Waterman 
go from the War Memorial to the Metcalf Research Building
go from the John Hay Library to the Kassar House
go from the Faunce House to the Watson Center for Information Technology
go from the Metcalf Research Building to the Prospect House
go from the Brown Bear to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop
go from the Walter Hall to the Horace Mann House
go from the Kassar House to the Brown Center for Students of Color
go from the Van Wickle Gates to the College Green
go from the Manning to the Swearer Center for Public Service
go from the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ to the Van Wickle Gates
go from the 67 George to the Prospect House
go from the Hegeman to the Brown University Sciences Library
go from the Brown Center for Students of Color to the Mencoff Hall
go from the Brown University Sciences Library to the Class of 1872 Gate
go from the Carrie Tower to the Citizen's Bank
go from the Slater Hall to the Brown Bear
go from the List Art Building to the Watson Center for Information Technology
go from the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology to the John Nicholas Brown Gate
go from the Van Wickle Gates to the Marcus Aurelius
go from the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology to the Rhode Island Hall
go from the Marcus Aurelius to the Wriston Quad
go from the Medical Research Lab to the Hegeman
go from the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ to the Robinson Gate
go from the Manning to the J.W. Wilson
go from the War Memorial to the College Green
go from the Friedman Hall to the Prospect House
go from the University Hall to the Lyman Hall
go from the Wayland to the Circle Dance Sculpture
go from the Caswell Hall to the Gardner House
go from the Starbucks to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate
go from the Hegeman to the University Hall
go from the Lot 18 to the Minden Hall
go from the Walter Hall to the Hope College
go from the Lippit House to the Idee di pietra
go from the Hegeman to the Swearer Center for Public Service
go from the Rhode Island Hall to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity
go from the Robinson Gate to the Idee di pietra
go from the Watson Center for Information Technology to the Citizen's Bank
go from the College Green to the Maddock Alumni 
go from the College Green to the William Goddard Memorial Gate
go from the Sayles Hall to the P-131317
go from the Slater Hall to the Wriston Quad
go from the P-131317 to the Lot 76
go from the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity to the Walter Hall
go from the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall to the Brown Center for Students of Color
go from the Horace Mann House to the Citizen's Bank
go from the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology to the William Goddard Memorial Gate
go to the Van Wickle Gates through the Horace Mann House
go to the Mencoff Hall through the Sharpe Refectory
go to the Class of 1872 Gate through the The Ivy Room
go to the Brown University Sciences Library through the Slater Hall
go to the Hope College through the Barus Building
go to the Sears through the Simmons Quadrangle
go to the Arnold Laboratory through the Carrie Tower
go to the Arnold Laboratory through the Kassar House
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall through the Wayland
go to the Wayland through the Rhode Island Hall
go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate through the Lot 76
go to the Slater Hall through the Kassar House
go to the Urban Environmental Lab through the Carrie Tower
go to the College Green through the Watson Center for Information Technology
go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate through the Lyman Hall
go to the Marston Hall through the Slavery Memorial
go to the Medical Research Lab through the Brown University Sciences Library
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop through the Gardner House
go to the Hughes Court through the Blue Room
go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate through the Slater Hall
go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate through the Lippit House
go to the Medical Research Lab through the Minden Hall
go to the Maxcy Green through the Quiet Green
go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology through the War Memorial
go to the Urban Environmental Lab through the Lippit House
go to the Sayles Hall through the Citizen's Bank
go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate through the Sayles Hall
go to the Campus Market through the Arnold Laboratory
go to the List Art Building through the Manning
go to the Marston Hall through the Hegeman
go to the Brown Bear through the Salomon Center for Teaching
go to the 86 Waterman  through the Marston Hall
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color through the Wilbour Hall
go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology through the John Nicholas Brown Gate
go to the Starbucks through the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority
go to the Robinson Hall through the Faunce House
go to the War Memorial through the The Ivy Room
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority through the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ
go to the Idee di pietra through the Wriston Quad
go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology through the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop
go to the Van Wickle Gates through the Horace Mann House
go to the Campus Market through the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate
go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate through the Kassar House
go to the Circle Dance Sculpture through the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate
go to the University Hall through the Soldiers Memorial Gate
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color through the 67 George
go to the Maddock Alumni  through the Starbucks
go to the Medical Research Lab through the Arnold Laboratory
go to the Mencoff Hall through the University Hall
go to the Wayland through the Brown Bear
go to the The Ivy Room through the Mencoff Hall
go to the Brown University through the Maxcy Hall
go to the Class of 1872 Gate through the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop
go to the Saint Stephens Church through the Van Wickle Gates
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ through the Norwood House
go to the Circle Dance Sculpture and then go to the John Hay Library .
go to the Brown University Sciences Library and then go to the Sayles Hall .
go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate and then go to the List Art Building .
go to the Wriston Quad and then go to the Prospect House .
go to the Sears and then go to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to the Class of 1887 Gate and then go to the Kassar House .
go to the Wayland and then go to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to the Lot 17 and then go to the Prospect House .
go to the Simmons Quadrangle and then go to the Lincoln Field Building .
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color and then go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to the Lot 76 and then go to the College Green .
go to the Maxcy Green and then go to the Faunce House .
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ and then go to the Mencoff Hall .
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ and then go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to the Blue Room and then go to the 86 Waterman  .
go to the Casey Shearer Memorial and then go to the Class of 1872 Gate .
go to the Prospect House and then go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to the Idee di pietra and then go to the Wriston Quad .
go to the Maddock Alumni  and then go to the Lot 18 .
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology and then go to the Metcalf Research Building .
go to the Manning and then go to the Sharpe Refectory .
go to the Maxcy Hall and then go to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to the Finlandia and then go to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the BERT and then go to the Maxcy Green .
go to the Wayland and then go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to the Brown University Sciences Library and then go to the Lyman Hall .
go to the Brown University Sciences Library and then go to the Barus Building .
go to the Lippit House and then go to the Kassar House .
go to the Urban Environmental Lab and then go to the Barus Building .
go to the Brown Bear and then go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to the Maddock Alumni  and then go to the Lot 76 .
go to the Finlandia and then go to the 67 George .
go to the Van Wickle Gates and then go to the Hughes Court .
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority and then go to the University Hall .
go to the Sears and then go to the Kassar House .
go to the Brown University and then go to the P-131317 .
go to the Rhode Island Hall and then go to the Lot 76 .
go to the Medical Research Lab and then go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to the Wayland and then go to the Sharpe Refectory .
go to the Lincoln Field Building and then go to the Idee di pietra .
go to the Casey Shearer Memorial and then go to the Marston Hall .
go to the Lot 76 and then go to the Mencoff Hall .
go to the Casey Shearer Memorial and then go to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to the Prospect House and then go to the Campus Market .
go to the Slavery Memorial and then go to the P-131317 .
go to the Horace Mann House and then go to the BERT .
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall and then go to the Norwood House .
go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate and then go to the Robinson Hall .
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority and then go to the Starbucks .
go to the Class of 1887 Gate and then go to the Robinson Hall .
go to the Marcus Aurelius and then go to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to the Faunce House and then go to the BERT .
go through the College Green to the Barus Building
go through the Friedman Hall to the 86 Waterman 
go through the Hope College to the Faunce House
go through the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity to the Sharpe Refectory
go through the Caswell Hall to the John Hay Library
go through the Soldiers Memorial Gate to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop
go through the Circle Dance Sculpture to the Simmons Quadrangle
go through the John Hay Library to the Soldiers Memorial Gate
go through the Hope College to the Arnold Laboratory
go through the Lincoln Field Building to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall
go through the Simmons Quadrangle to the Marston Hall
go through the Sayles Hall to the Manning
go through the Blue Room to the P-131317
go through the Prince Engineering Lab to the Hope College
go through the Horace Mann House to the War Memorial
go through the John Hay Library to the Circle Dance Sculpture
go through the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences to the Citizen's Bank
go through the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences to the Brown Bear
go through the 86 Waterman  to the Mencoff Hall
go through the Lot 76 to the List Art Building
go through the Marcus Aurelius to the Van Wickle Gates
go through the Swearer Center for Public Service to the Faunce House
go through the J.W. Wilson to the Littlefield Hall
go through the Maxcy Green to the Brown University Sciences Library
go through the Quiet Green to the Robinson Gate
go through the Faunce House to the Quiet Green
go through the Marcus Aurelius to the Caswell Hall
go through the Quiet Green to the Citizen's Bank
go through the Sayles Hall to the Brown Center for Students of Color
go through the John Hay Library to the 67 George
go through the Urban Environmental Lab to the Soldiers Memorial Gate
go through the Circle Dance Sculpture to the University Hall
go through the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences to the Wayland
go through the The Ivy Room to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop
go through the Brown University to the Prince Engineering Lab
go through the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall to the Maxcy Green
go through the Lippit House to the Gardner House
go through the Brown Bear to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop
go through the Medical Research Lab to the Starbucks
go through the Manning to the 67 George
go through the Maddock Alumni  to the BERT
go through the Walter Hall to the Brown Bear
go through the Idee di pietra to the Casey Shearer Memorial
go through the Lot 18 to the Brown Bear
go through the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ to the The Ivy Room
go through the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity to the John Carter Brown Library
go through the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology to the Brown University
go through the Manning to the Medical Research Lab
go through the Maxcy Green to the Wayland
go through the Horace Mann House to the Faunce House
go through the Lot 17 to the Sharpe Refectory
go to the College Green through the P-131317 .
go to the Brown Bear through the Friedman Hall .
go to the Faunce House through the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to the Wilbour Hall through the Minden Hall .
go to the Wriston Quad through the Sharpe Refectory .
go to the Lot 76 through the Minden Hall .
go to the Casey Shearer Memorial through the Wriston Quad .
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ through the Blue Room .
go to the Lot 17 through the Class of 1872 Gate .
go to the Lot 17 through the Campus Market .
go to the Finlandia through the P-131317 .
go to the Norwood House through the Hughes Court .
go to the Lot 18 through the Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to the Carrie Tower through the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to the Sayles Hall through the Idee di pietra .
go to the Wriston Quad through the Barus Building .
go to the Manning through the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to the Wayland through the Minden Hall .
go to the Shirley Miller House through the Horace Mann House .
go to the Prospect House through the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to the P-131317 through the Minden Hall .
go to the Sayles Hall through the Robinson Gate .
go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology through the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to the Arnold Laboratory through the Metcalf Research Building .
go to the Hughes Court through the War Memorial .
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color through the Saint Stephens Church .
go to the Shirley Miller House through the Lyman Hall .
go to the Sayles Hall through the The Ivy Room .
go to the John Hay Library through the Prospect House .
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity through the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to the Robinson Gate through the Lincoln Field Building .
go to the Simmons Quadrangle through the Marston Hall .
go to the John Hay Library through the Walter Hall .
go to the Hughes Court through the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Sharpe Refectory through the Brown Bear .
go to the Quiet Green through the Robinson Hall .
go to the Hegeman through the Maxcy Hall .
go to the War Memorial through the Robinson Gate .
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate through the Caswell Hall .
go to the Blue Room through the John Hay Library .
go to the The Ivy Room through the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to the Van Wickle Gates through the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to the P-131317 through the Finlandia .
go to the 86 Waterman  through the J.W. Wilson .
go to the War Memorial through the J.W. Wilson .
go to the Quiet Green through the Hegeman .
go to the Lot 76 through the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to the Sears through the The Ivy Room .
go to the Lyman Hall through the Urban Environmental Lab .
go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate through the Walter Hall .
go to the 67 George through the John Hay Library .
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority through the Brown University .
go to Lincoln Field Building before going to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to Manning before going to Robinson Hall .
go to Carrie Tower before going to Horace Mann House .
go to Van Wickle Gates before going to Faunce House .
go to List Art Building before going to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to Carrie Tower before going to War Memorial .
go to Lot 76 before going to Class of 1872 Gate .
go to Hughes Court before going to Robinson Hall .
go to Slater Hall before going to Carrie Tower .
go to Prince Engineering Lab before going to Mencoff Hall .
go to Littlefield Hall before going to Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to Prince Engineering Lab before going to Brown University Sciences Library .
go to Marston Hall before going to Lot 18 .
go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity before going to Brown Bear .
go to BERT before going to Robinson Gate .
go to Rockefeller Library before going to The Ivy Room .
go to John Nicholas Brown Gate before going to Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to List Art Building before going to Campus Market .
go to John Hay Library before going to Rockefeller Library .
go to Hope College before going to Gardner House .
go to Wayland before going to J.W. Wilson .
go to John Carter Brown Library before going to Slavery Memorial .
go to Idee di pietra before going to Gardner House .
go to Norwood House before going to Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to Van Wickle Gates before going to Brown Bear .
go to Gardner House before going to John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to Walter Hall before going to Urban Environmental Lab .
go to Rockefeller Library before going to Marston Hall .
go to Quiet Green before going to Arnold Laboratory .
go to BERT before going to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to Class of 1872 Gate before going to Lot 18 .
go to Gardner House before going to Slavery Memorial .
go to Barus Building before going to Idee di pietra .
go to Idee di pietra before going to Lot 17 .
go to William Goddard Memorial Gate before going to Brown Bear .
go to Urban Environmental Lab before going to University Hall .
go to Robinson Gate before going to John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity before going to Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to The Ivy Room before going to Wayland .
go to Rhode Island Hall before going to Quiet Green .
go to Rockefeller Library before going to Hope College .
go to Starbucks before going to Brown Bear .
go to Horace Mann House before going to Robinson Gate .
go to Hughes Court before going to Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to Casey Shearer Memorial before going to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to Sayles Hall before going to Urban Environmental Lab .
go to Circle Dance Sculpture before going to Manning .
go to Robinson Gate before going to Lot 17 .
go to Class of 1887 Gate before going to Lincoln Field Building .
go to Wilbour Hall before going to Kassar House .
go to Saint Stephens Church before going to Rhode Island Hall .
go to Hope College before going to Sears .
go to Maxcy Hall before going to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to Marston Hall before going to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ before going to Robinson Gate .
go to Hughes Court before going to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to Rockefeller Library before going to Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to Marcus Aurelius before going to Lot 18 .
go to Barus Building before going to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to John Carter Brown Library , then go to Finlandia
go to Prospect House , then go to Arnold Laboratory
go to Lot 76 , then go to John Nicholas Brown Gate
go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity , then go to Horace Mann House
go to Van Wickle Gates , then go to Saint Stephens Church
go to Lot 76 , then go to Urban Environmental Lab
go to Mencoff Hall , then go to Walter Hall
go to Horace Mann House , then go to Arnold Laboratory
go to John Nicholas Brown Gate , then go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ
go to Manning , then go to Untitled Lamp/Bear
go to Minden Hall , then go to Lyman Hall
go to John Hay Library , then go to John Hay Library
go to Slater Hall , then go to Littlefield Hall
go to John Nicholas Brown Gate , then go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall
go to Watson Center for Information Technology , then go to Rhode Island Hall
go to Horace Mann House , then go to Faunce House
go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate , then go to Marston Hall
go to Soldiers Memorial Gate , then go to Brown University Sciences Library
go to Kassar House , then go to Watson Center for Information Technology
go to Friedman Hall , then go to Robinson Hall
go to Class of 1872 Gate , then go to Wayland
go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology , then go to Untitled Lamp/Bear
go to BERT , then go to Brown Bear
go to The Ivy Room , then go to Swearer Center for Public Service
go to Circle Dance Sculpture , then go to Maxcy Green
go to Saint Stephens Church , then go to Medical Research Lab
go to Lyman Hall , then go to Brown Bear
go to Lot 17 , then go to Brown Bear
go to Simmons Quadrangle , then go to P-131317
go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences , then go to Swearer Center for Public Service
go to Lot 17 , then go to Urban Environmental Lab
go to Lot 76 , then go to Maddock Alumni 
go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences , then go to Urban Environmental Lab
go to Maxcy Green , then go to Sayles Hall
go to Lippit House , then go to Slavery Memorial
go to Saint Stephens Church , then go to John Carter Brown Library
go to William Goddard Memorial Gate , then go to Class of 1872 Gate
go to Medical Research Lab , then go to P-131317
go to Medical Research Lab , then go to Arnold Laboratory
go to Maxcy Hall , then go to John Hay Library
go to College Green , then go to Friedman Hall
go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall , then go to Class of 1872 Gate
go to Robinson Hall , then go to Salomon Center for Teaching
go to Manning , then go to Blue Room
go to List Art Building , then go to Friedman Hall
go to Brown Bear , then go to John Hay Library
go to Brown Center for Students of Color , then go to Gardner House
go to P-131317 , then go to Minden Hall
go to Minden Hall , then go to Brown University Sciences Library
go to Finlandia , then go to Lyman Hall
go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall , then go to Van Wickle Gates
go to Hegeman , then go to Watson Center for Information Technology
go to Brown Bear , then go to John Hay Library
go to Soldiers Memorial Gate , then go to Slater Hall
go to Wayland and then to Finlandia .
go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity and then to Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to Hughes Court and then to College Green .
go to William Goddard Memorial Gate and then to Faunce House .
go to Casey Shearer Memorial and then to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to Robinson Gate and then to Prince Engineering Lab .
go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity and then to John Carter Brown Library .
go to Hope College and then to Marcus Aurelius .
go to Littlefield Hall and then to Prospect House .
go to Medical Research Lab and then to Lot 18 .
go to Barus Building and then to Robinson Gate .
go to Hughes Court and then to Robinson Hall .
go to Circle Dance Sculpture and then to Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to 86 Waterman  and then to Starbucks .
go to Medical Research Lab and then to Wriston Quad .
go to Soldiers Memorial Gate and then to Carrie Tower .
go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ and then to Marcus Aurelius .
go to Watson Center for Information Technology and then to Wriston Quad .
go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences and then to Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to Finlandia and then to P-131317 .
go to Soldiers Memorial Gate and then to Class of 1872 Gate .
go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall and then to John Carter Brown Library .
go to Mencoff Hall and then to Brown Bear .
go to Friedman Hall and then to Class of 1872 Gate .
go to Citizen's Bank and then to Horace Mann House .
go to University Hall and then to Hughes Court .
go to Prince Engineering Lab and then to Lot 17 .
go to Arnold Laboratory and then to Marston Hall .
go to Quiet Green and then to Littlefield Hall .
go to Maddock Alumni  and then to John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to List Art Building and then to Shirley Miller House .
go to Horace Mann House and then to Metcalf Research Building .
go to Walter Hall and then to Class of 1872 Gate .
go to Slater Hall and then to Littlefield Hall .
go to Lincoln Field Building and then to War Memorial .
go to Maxcy Green and then to Kassar House .
go to Norwood House and then to List Art Building .
go to Sears and then to Medical Research Lab .
go to Saint Stephens Church and then to Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ and then to BERT .
go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall and then to Lot 17 .
go to Lot 76 and then to J.W. Wilson .
go to University Hall and then to Brown Bear .
go to Casey Shearer Memorial and then to J.W. Wilson .
go to Lot 18 and then to Finlandia .
go to Prospect House and then to Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to P-131317 and then to Brown University Sciences Library .
go to William Goddard Memorial Gate and then to Wilbour Hall .
go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop and then to Lot 76 .
go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop and then to Carrie Tower .
always pass Blue Room before John Nicholas Brown Gate .
always pass John Hay Library before Saint Stephens Church .
always pass John Nicholas Brown Gate before Campus Market .
always pass List Art Building before Prince Engineering Lab .
always pass Brown Bear before Carrie Tower .
always pass Hughes Court before Brown University .
always pass Morgan Witter Rogers Gate before Wriston Quad .
always pass John Hay Library before Prospect House .
always pass Manning before Swearer Center for Public Service .
always pass GeoChem and Macmillian Hall before Brown Bear .
always pass Prince Engineering Lab before 86 Waterman  .
always pass Lot 17 before Class of 1887 Gate .
always pass Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology before Walter Hall .
always pass Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop before Slavery Memorial .
always pass Casey Shearer Memorial before Sharpe Refectory .
always pass Minden Hall before Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
always pass Medical Research Lab before Citizen's Bank .
always pass Metcalf Research Building before Minden Hall .
always pass Blue Room before Lippit House .
always pass Kassar House before Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
always pass Citizen's Bank before Simmons Quadrangle .
always pass Manning before J.W. Wilson .
always pass Littlefield Hall before P-131317 .
always pass Idee di pietra before Lot 17 .
always pass Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop before Casey Shearer Memorial .
always pass Littlefield Hall before Brown University .
always pass Finlandia before Sears .
always pass Class of 1887 Gate before Lot 17 .
always pass Finlandia before Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
always pass Hegeman before Campus Market .
always pass Maxcy Hall before Minden Hall .
always pass Lippit House before J.W. Wilson .
always pass Kassar House before GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
always pass Faunce House before Sayles Hall .
always pass John Carter Brown Library before List Art Building .
always pass Maxcy Green before GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
always pass Citizen's Bank before Wriston Quad .
always pass Wilbour Hall before Idee di pietra .
always pass Class of 1872 Gate before Hope College .
always pass Carrie Tower before Brown Center for Students of Color .
always pass Carrie Tower before Prince Engineering Lab .
always pass Lot 17 before Horace Mann House .
always pass Sears before Barus Building .
always pass Carrie Tower before Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
always pass Friedman Hall before Marston Hall .
always pass Rockefeller Library before Marston Hall .
always pass Marcus Aurelius before Faunce House .
always pass The Ivy Room before The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
always pass John Hay Library before Caswell Hall .
always pass Casey Shearer Memorial before Idee di pietra .
always pass Medical Research Lab before Kassar House .
always pass Minden Hall before Maddock Alumni  .
always pass GeoChem and Macmillian Hall before Manning .
always pass Norwood House before Rockefeller Library .
go to Blue Room then Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop then Citizen's Bank .
go to Lot 18 then Rhode Island Hall .
go to Citizen's Bank then List Art Building .
go to College Green then Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to Littlefield Hall then John Hay Library .
go to Kassar House then The Ivy Room .
go to Swearer Center for Public Service then Maddock Alumni  .
go to Brown Center for Students of Color then Mencoff Hall .
go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall then Kassar House .
go to John Carter Brown Library then Caswell Hall .
go to J.W. Wilson then Wriston Quad .
go to Brown Bear then Maddock Alumni  .
go to Carrie Tower then Marcus Aurelius .
go to Hegeman then Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to Wayland then Campus Market .
go to Salomon Center for Teaching then Slater Hall .
go to Sayles Hall then 86 Waterman  .
go to John Hay Library then Wriston Quad .
go to Walter Hall then Barus Building .
go to Walter Hall then Starbucks .
go to Norwood House then Maddock Alumni  .
go to William Goddard Memorial Gate then Faunce House .
go to Campus Market then Gardner House .
go to Sharpe Refectory then Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to Prospect House then Barus Building .
go to Hegeman then Friedman Hall .
go to Hughes Court then Sayles Hall .
go to Wayland then Brown University .
go to Shirley Miller House then Littlefield Hall .
go to Prospect House then Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to Robinson Hall then List Art Building .
go to Starbucks then Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to Simmons Quadrangle then Sharpe Refectory .
go to Urban Environmental Lab then 67 George .
go to Lincoln Field Building then Metcalf Research Building .
go to Slater Hall then Slavery Memorial .
go to Circle Dance Sculpture then Marcus Aurelius .
go to Hegeman then Class of 1887 Gate .
go to Friedman Hall then Class of 1887 Gate .
go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall then Maddock Alumni  .
go to Finlandia then Brown University Sciences Library .
go to Class of 1872 Gate then Rhode Island Hall .
go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority then BERT .
go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity then Class of 1872 Gate .
go to Brown Bear then Citizen's Bank .
go to Wayland then Maxcy Green .
go to Blue Room then Brown Bear .
go to Hope College then Wriston Quad .
go to Van Wickle Gates then Gardner House .
go to J.W. Wilson then Brown University Sciences Library .
go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority then Citizen's Bank .
go to Class of 1872 Gate then Sayles Hall .
go to Littlefield Hall then Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to Walter Hall before going to Simmons Quadrangle .
go to Minden Hall before going to Simmons Quadrangle .
go to Lippit House before going to Lincoln Field Building .
go to Sayles Hall before going to Minden Hall .
go to Sears before going to Blue Room .
go to Manning before going to University Hall .
go to Manning before going to Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to Maxcy Green before going to Brown Bear .
go to Brown University Sciences Library before going to Lincoln Field Building .
go to Marcus Aurelius before going to Class of 1887 Gate .
go to Urban Environmental Lab before going to Gardner House .
go to Sayles Hall before going to Maxcy Green .
go to 67 George before going to Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to Faunce House before going to Littlefield Hall .
go to Campus Market before going to Gardner House .
go to Quiet Green before going to The Ivy Room .
go to Quiet Green before going to Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to Van Wickle Gates before going to Lippit House .
go to Carrie Tower before going to Maddock Alumni  .
go to Hope College before going to Marcus Aurelius .
go to Lyman Hall before going to Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to Lyman Hall before going to Lot 18 .
go to Slater Hall before going to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to Brown Center for Students of Color before going to Sharpe Refectory .
go to Sharpe Refectory before going to Slater Hall .
go to 67 George before going to Wilbour Hall .
go to Manning before going to Norwood House .
go to Horace Mann House before going to Van Wickle Gates .
go to Caswell Hall before going to Hegeman .
go to Brown Bear before going to Faunce House .
go to Quiet Green before going to J.W. Wilson .
go to Manning before going to Prospect House .
go to Hope College before going to Lot 76 .
go to Maxcy Hall before going to Van Wickle Gates .
go to Citizen's Bank before going to Hughes Court .
go to Gardner House before going to Robinson Gate .
go to Shirley Miller House before going to 67 George .
go to Hegeman before going to Marston Hall .
go to Maddock Alumni  before going to John Hay Library .
go to Slavery Memorial before going to Marston Hall .
go to 86 Waterman  before going to Littlefield Hall .
go to Maddock Alumni  before going to Robinson Gate .
go to List Art Building before going to Arnold Laboratory .
go to Robinson Hall before going to Lot 17 .
go to Urban Environmental Lab before going to John Hay Library .
go to Marcus Aurelius before going to Maxcy Hall .
go to BERT before going to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to Swearer Center for Public Service before going to Norwood House .
go to Maxcy Hall before going to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to Saint Stephens Church before going to Rhode Island Hall .
go to University Hall before going to Caswell Hall .
go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop through Kassar House
go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ through Lot 18
go to Norwood House through Wayland
go to Class of 1887 Gate through Brown Center for Students of Color
go to Van Wickle Gates through Horace Mann House
go to Idee di pietra through Casey Shearer Memorial
go to War Memorial through Idee di pietra
go to Wayland through Minden Hall
go to Circle Dance Sculpture through List Art Building
go to Rockefeller Library through Brown Bear
go to Lippit House through Marcus Aurelius
go to John Carter Brown Library through Wayland
go to Metcalf Research Building through Walter Hall
go to Class of 1887 Gate through Marston Hall
go to Robinson Hall through Marston Hall
go to List Art Building through BERT
go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity through Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology
go to Faunce House through John Carter Brown Library
go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate through Carrie Tower
go to Shirley Miller House through Brown Center for Students of Color
go to Blue Room through Campus Market
go to Untitled Lamp/Bear through Circle Dance Sculpture
go to Maxcy Hall through Minden Hall
go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences through Citizen's Bank
go to Lot 18 through Wriston Quad
go to Lot 76 through Metcalf Research Building
go to Finlandia through Urban Environmental Lab
go to Hughes Court through Lippit House
go to Simmons Quadrangle through Sharpe Refectory
go to Simmons Quadrangle through Carrie Tower
go to Marcus Aurelius through Norwood House
go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences through Simmons Quadrangle
go to Quiet Green through John Carter Brown Library
go to Sayles Hall through Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences
go to Saint Stephens Church through Lot 76
go to John Hay Library through Circle Dance Sculpture
go to Barus Building through Casey Shearer Memorial
go to Untitled Lamp/Bear through Lyman Hall
go to Rockefeller Library through Manning
go to Idee di pietra through P-131317
go to Lot 18 through Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity
go to List Art Building through Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop
go to Marcus Aurelius through Horace Mann House
go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ through List Art Building
go to Brown Bear through Morgan Witter Rogers Gate
go to Class of 1872 Gate through Kassar House
go to Marcus Aurelius through Lot 18
go to Maxcy Hall through Robinson Gate
go to Mencoff Hall through Simmons Quadrangle
go to Faunce House through Simmons Quadrangle
go to Minden Hall through Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology
go to Starbucks through Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop
go to Wilbour Hall through BERT
go to Hughes Court through Marcus Aurelius
go to Lot 17 through Lot 76
go to Blue Room through Manning
go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop through Simmons Quadrangle
go to Watson Center for Information Technology through Idee di pietra
go to Brown Bear through Hope College
go to John Carter Brown Library , then up to Marcus Aurelius .
go to John Carter Brown Library , then up to Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to Simmons Quadrangle , then up to Starbucks .
go to College Green , then up to Lot 17 .
go to BERT , then up to Medical Research Lab .
go to Hegeman , then up to Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to Barus Building , then up to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to BERT , then up to Slavery Memorial .
go to Brown University Sciences Library , then up to 86 Waterman  .
go to Marston Hall , then up to Simmons Quadrangle .
go to John Nicholas Brown Gate , then up to Friedman Hall .
go to Medical Research Lab , then up to Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology , then up to Idee di pietra .
go to Friedman Hall , then up to Caswell Hall .
go to BERT , then up to William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to Brown University , then up to Slater Hall .
go to Blue Room , then up to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to P-131317 , then up to Maxcy Green .
go to Blue Room , then up to Manning .
go to Lincoln Field Building , then up to War Memorial .
go to John Hay Library , then up to Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to Horace Mann House , then up to University Hall .
go to Friedman Hall , then up to 86 Waterman  .
go to Minden Hall , then up to Hope College .
go to Marston Hall , then up to War Memorial .
go to Rhode Island Hall , then up to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to Lot 17 , then up to Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to Idee di pietra , then up to Class of 1887 Gate .
go to Sayles Hall , then up to Van Wickle Gates .
go to Rockefeller Library , then up to J.W. Wilson .
go to Norwood House , then up to Mencoff Hall .
go to Lyman Hall , then up to Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to Idee di pietra , then up to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to Robinson Hall , then up to Lot 17 .
go to Brown Bear , then up to 67 George .
go to Carrie Tower , then up to Mencoff Hall .
go to Maxcy Hall , then up to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to Friedman Hall , then up to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to Robinson Gate , then up to Metcalf Research Building .
go to Hughes Court , then up to Robinson Hall .
go to BERT , then up to Lot 18 .
go to Blue Room , then up to Norwood House .
go to Citizen's Bank , then up to Prospect House .
go to Slater Hall , then up to Wayland .
go to Lincoln Field Building , then up to Norwood House .
go to Saint Stephens Church , then up to William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to University Hall , then up to War Memorial .
go to Quiet Green , then up to Kassar House .
go to Wilbour Hall , then up to Van Wickle Gates .
go to Blue Room , then up to Barus Building .
navigate through Sharpe Refectory then go to Starbucks .
navigate through 67 George then go to Maxcy Hall .
navigate through Hughes Court then go to Circle Dance Sculpture .
navigate through GeoChem and Macmillian Hall then go to Maxcy Green .
navigate through Lot 18 then go to Minden Hall .
navigate through Quiet Green then go to Manning .
navigate through Lyman Hall then go to Lot 76 .
navigate through Rockefeller Library then go to Starbucks .
navigate through Barus Building then go to Slavery Memorial .
navigate through John Nicholas Brown Gate then go to Maxcy Hall .
navigate through Robinson Hall then go to Manning .
navigate through Marcus Aurelius then go to Kassar House .
navigate through Van Wickle Gates then go to William Goddard Memorial Gate .
navigate through Brown Bear then go to Littlefield Hall .
navigate through University Hall then go to Salomon Center for Teaching .
navigate through Arnold Laboratory then go to Medical Research Lab .
navigate through War Memorial then go to Lincoln Field Building .
navigate through Sears then go to Maddock Alumni  .
navigate through 67 George then go to BERT .
navigate through Watson Center for Information Technology then go to Brown University .
navigate through Mencoff Hall then go to Carrie Tower .
navigate through Rhode Island Hall then go to Brown University Sciences Library .
navigate through John Hay Library then go to Citizen's Bank .
navigate through Medical Research Lab then go to Barus Building .
navigate through BERT then go to Sears .
navigate through Metcalf Research Building then go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
navigate through Brown Bear then go to John Nicholas Brown Gate .
navigate through Wayland then go to Brown Bear .
navigate through Metcalf Research Building then go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
navigate through Hegeman then go to 67 George .
navigate through Metcalf Research Building then go to Casey Shearer Memorial .
navigate through Hegeman then go to Rhode Island Hall .
navigate through Caswell Hall then go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
navigate through BERT then go to Prince Engineering Lab .
navigate through Carrie Tower then go to Robinson Hall .
navigate through Hughes Court then go to Van Wickle Gates .
navigate through Lippit House then go to Brown Bear .
navigate through Arnold Laboratory then go to Lyman Hall .
navigate through Campus Market then go to Hope College .
navigate through Lot 17 then go to Friedman Hall .
navigate through J.W. Wilson then go to Sharpe Refectory .
navigate through Caswell Hall then go to Robinson Gate .
navigate through Sharpe Refectory then go to Barus Building .
navigate through Class of 1872 Gate then go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
navigate through 86 Waterman  then go to Lincoln Field Building .
navigate through Prince Engineering Lab then go to Brown Center for Students of Color .
navigate through The Ivy Room then go to Prospect House .
navigate through Circle Dance Sculpture then go to Manning .
navigate through Finlandia then go to John Nicholas Brown Gate .
navigate through Quiet Green then go to Robinson Hall .
navigate through Van Wickle Gates then go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
navigate through Maddock Alumni  then go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
navigate through Medical Research Lab then go to Lincoln Field Building .
go through Maddock Alumni  to Sears .
go through Soldiers Memorial Gate to Norwood House .
go through Morgan Witter Rogers Gate to Class of 1872 Gate .
go through Robinson Hall to Metcalf Research Building .
go through Lyman Hall to Wayland .
go through The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ to Sharpe Refectory .
go through Caswell Hall to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go through Soldiers Memorial Gate to Minden Hall .
go through Brown University Sciences Library to Minden Hall .
go through Hughes Court to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go through Alpha Chi Omega Sorority to John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go through The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ to Caswell Hall .
go through Slavery Memorial to Horace Mann House .
go through Blue Room to Shirley Miller House .
go through Starbucks to J.W. Wilson .
go through Hope College to Medical Research Lab .
go through Medical Research Lab to Urban Environmental Lab .
go through Maxcy Green to Starbucks .
go through Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop to Lincoln Field Building .
go through Robinson Gate to Quiet Green .
go through Littlefield Hall to Walter Hall .
go through BERT to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go through Robinson Hall to Salomon Center for Teaching .
go through Sharpe Refectory to Sayles Hall .
go through Brown Center for Students of Color to Van Wickle Gates .
go through Soldiers Memorial Gate to Quiet Green .
go through Wayland to Citizen's Bank .
go through Wriston Quad to Medical Research Lab .
go through Robinson Hall to Blue Room .
go through Alpha Chi Omega Sorority to Brown Center for Students of Color .
go through Friedman Hall to Brown University .
go through The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go through Hegeman to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go through Faunce House to Kassar House .
go through Manning to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go through Class of 1887 Gate to Kassar House .
go through Morgan Witter Rogers Gate to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go through Salomon Center for Teaching to Marcus Aurelius .
go through Horace Mann House to Sears .
go through Horace Mann House to Sears .
go through Brown Bear to Lyman Hall .
go through Marcus Aurelius to John Hay Library .
go through Faunce House to Blue Room .
go through Hughes Court to Marston Hall .
go through Van Wickle Gates to Urban Environmental Lab .
go through 67 George to Brown University Sciences Library .
go through The Ivy Room to Sayles Hall .
go through Morgan Witter Rogers Gate to BERT .
go through Circle Dance Sculpture to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go through Hughes Court to Littlefield Hall .
go through Brown Bear to Brown Center for Students of Color .
go through Watson Center for Information Technology to Metcalf Research Building .
go to Barus Building and proceed to Blue Room .
go to John Hay Library and proceed to Finlandia .
go to Urban Environmental Lab and proceed to Sayles Hall .
go to Wilbour Hall and proceed to Norwood House .
go to Urban Environmental Lab and proceed to Prince Engineering Lab .
go to Blue Room and proceed to Caswell Hall .
go to War Memorial and proceed to Prospect House .
go to Salomon Center for Teaching and proceed to Manning .
go to Mencoff Hall and proceed to Hope College .
go to Lot 17 and proceed to Shirley Miller House .
go to Littlefield Hall and proceed to Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to John Hay Library and proceed to The Ivy Room .
go to Swearer Center for Public Service and proceed to Maxcy Hall .
go to Minden Hall and proceed to Arnold Laboratory .
go to Swearer Center for Public Service and proceed to John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to Swearer Center for Public Service and proceed to Finlandia .
go to Idee di pietra and proceed to Lot 76 .
go to 67 George and proceed to Finlandia .
go to Hegeman and proceed to Van Wickle Gates .
go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity and proceed to Hegeman .
go to Gardner House and proceed to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to Friedman Hall and proceed to Wayland .
go to Blue Room and proceed to Slavery Memorial .
go to Gardner House and proceed to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to Salomon Center for Teaching and proceed to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to Sharpe Refectory and proceed to Van Wickle Gates .
go to 86 Waterman  and proceed to University Hall .
go to List Art Building and proceed to Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to Caswell Hall and proceed to Lot 76 .
go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop and proceed to Minden Hall .
go to Horace Mann House and proceed to Rhode Island Hall .
go to Prospect House and proceed to Class of 1872 Gate .
go to Kassar House and proceed to Norwood House .
go to Friedman Hall and proceed to Barus Building .
go to Watson Center for Information Technology and proceed to 67 George .
go to Lot 17 and proceed to Citizen's Bank .
go to Gardner House and proceed to The Ivy Room .
go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity and proceed to Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to Brown Bear and proceed to Urban Environmental Lab .
go to Manning and proceed to Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ and proceed to 67 George .
go to 67 George and proceed to The Ivy Room .
go to Circle Dance Sculpture and proceed to Carrie Tower .
go to John Hay Library and proceed to Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop and proceed to Lot 18 .
go to Sears and proceed to Lot 76 .
go to Untitled Lamp/Bear and proceed to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to Class of 1872 Gate and proceed to BERT .
go to Rockefeller Library and proceed to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to Class of 1872 Gate and proceed to Norwood House .
go to Rockefeller Library and proceed to Starbucks .
go to William Goddard Memorial Gate and proceed to Quiet Green .
go to Rockefeller Library and proceed to Marcus Aurelius .
go to Brown Bear and proceed to Marcus Aurelius .
go to List Art Building and proceed to Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to John Nicholas Brown Gate and proceed to Lippit House .
go to Manning and proceed to Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to Rockefeller Library , then go to Robinson Hall .
go to Van Wickle Gates , then go to John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to Class of 1887 Gate , then go to Wriston Quad .
go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity , then go to Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to John Nicholas Brown Gate , then go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to William Goddard Memorial Gate , then go to Hope College .
go to War Memorial , then go to Marston Hall .
go to Slater Hall , then go to Arnold Laboratory .
go to Lincoln Field Building , then go to Robinson Hall .
go to Maxcy Green , then go to Prince Engineering Lab .
go to Prospect House , then go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to Salomon Center for Teaching , then go to War Memorial .
go to Slavery Memorial , then go to Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to Lot 76 , then go to John Carter Brown Library .
go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology , then go to Sears .
go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ , then go to Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to Hegeman , then go to Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to Prospect House , then go to Simmons Quadrangle .
go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ , then go to Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to Brown University Sciences Library , then go to Simmons Quadrangle .
go to Rockefeller Library , then go to Wayland .
go to Slater Hall , then go to John Carter Brown Library .
go to Littlefield Hall , then go to Medical Research Lab .
go to Soldiers Memorial Gate , then go to Saint Stephens Church .
go to Brown Bear , then go to Blue Room .
go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ , then go to Gardner House .
go to Salomon Center for Teaching , then go to Wilbour Hall .
go to Lot 18 , then go to Saint Stephens Church .
go to Lyman Hall , then go to Caswell Hall .
go to John Hay Library , then go to Lyman Hall .
go to War Memorial , then go to Minden Hall .
go to Salomon Center for Teaching , then go to Barus Building .
go to Hope College , then go to Mencoff Hall .
go to Campus Market , then go to Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to Brown Bear , then go to Friedman Hall .
go to Prince Engineering Lab , then go to Wayland .
go to Robinson Hall , then go to Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to Robinson Hall , then go to Horace Mann House .
go to Medical Research Lab , then go to Brown University Sciences Library .
go to Lot 18 , then go to Lincoln Field Building .
go to Lippit House , then go to Wayland .
go to Idee di pietra , then go to Lot 18 .
go to Robinson Gate , then go to J.W. Wilson .
go to Marston Hall , then go to Sears .
go to Saint Stephens Church , then go to Lot 76 .
go to Circle Dance Sculpture , then go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to Rockefeller Library , then go to BERT .
go to Maddock Alumni  , then go to Wayland .
go to Sayles Hall , then go to Faunce House .
go to Gardner House , then go to University Hall .
go to Metcalf Research Building , then go to Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to Rhode Island Hall , then go to Medical Research Lab .
go to Maxcy Hall , then go to Caswell Hall .
go to Hughes Court , then go to Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to Urban Environmental Lab , then go to Brown University Sciences Library .
go to Mencoff Hall and then to Lippit House
go to Prince Engineering Lab and then to Lyman Hall
go to Wilbour Hall and then to Brown University
go to Untitled Lamp/Bear and then to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ
go to John Hay Library and then to Marcus Aurelius
go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate and then to Finlandia
go to Barus Building and then to Citizen's Bank
go to Kassar House and then to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority
go to Barus Building and then to Lot 76
go to Lot 76 and then to Saint Stephens Church
go to Starbucks and then to Untitled Lamp/Bear
go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop and then to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall
go to Gardner House and then to Class of 1872 Gate
go to Minden Hall and then to Brown University Sciences Library
go to Finlandia and then to Faunce House
go to Citizen's Bank and then to Sayles Hall
go to Marcus Aurelius and then to Rhode Island Hall
go to Brown Bear and then to P-131317
go to Lot 76 and then to John Hay Library
go to 67 George and then to John Hay Library
go to Arnold Laboratory and then to Finlandia
go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority and then to Lot 17
go to Robinson Gate and then to P-131317
go to J.W. Wilson and then to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate
go to War Memorial and then to Hegeman
go to Lot 18 and then to John Hay Library
go to Robinson Hall and then to Lincoln Field Building
go to Prince Engineering Lab and then to Hegeman
go to Finlandia and then to Lot 76
go to Caswell Hall and then to Swearer Center for Public Service
go to Minden Hall and then to Simmons Quadrangle
go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop and then to Rockefeller Library
go to Quiet Green and then to Blue Room
go to John Carter Brown Library and then to Hughes Court
go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences and then to Horace Mann House
go to Hughes Court and then to Faunce House
go to Hegeman and then to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall
go to Norwood House and then to Shirley Miller House
go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ and then to Class of 1887 Gate
go to Minden Hall and then to 86 Waterman 
go to John Carter Brown Library and then to List Art Building
go to University Hall and then to Quiet Green
go to Prince Engineering Lab and then to Hegeman
go to Brown University Sciences Library and then to Lippit House
go to Citizen's Bank and then to Friedman Hall
go to Prospect House and then to Brown University
go to Caswell Hall and then to Barus Building
go to Brown Bear and then to Brown Center for Students of Color
go to Brown Bear and then to Circle Dance Sculpture
go to Blue Room and then to John Nicholas Brown Gate
go to Walter Hall and then to Rockefeller Library
go to Slavery Memorial and then to Sears
go to Hegeman and then to Maxcy Green
go to Carrie Tower and then to Campus Market
go to Quiet Green and then to Arnold Laboratory
go to Citizen's Bank and then to Casey Shearer Memorial
go to Brown University Sciences Library and then to Littlefield Hall
go to Gardner House through Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to Carrie Tower through Starbucks .
go to Marcus Aurelius through Simmons Quadrangle .
go to Casey Shearer Memorial through Sayles Hall .
go to Lot 76 through Brown Bear .
go to Class of 1872 Gate through J.W. Wilson .
go to Medical Research Lab through Lot 76 .
go to Casey Shearer Memorial through Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to Sears through University Hall .
go to Salomon Center for Teaching through Idee di pietra .
go to Finlandia through Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to Soldiers Memorial Gate through War Memorial .
go to Littlefield Hall through Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to Sayles Hall through Friedman Hall .
go to John Hay Library through BERT .
go to Robinson Hall through College Green .
go to Medical Research Lab through Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to William Goddard Memorial Gate through Van Wickle Gates .
go to Hughes Court through Class of 1872 Gate .
go to Van Wickle Gates through Sharpe Refectory .
go to Class of 1872 Gate through The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to Mencoff Hall through Medical Research Lab .
go to Minden Hall through William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to Gardner House through John Carter Brown Library .
go to Barus Building through Maxcy Hall .
go to Arnold Laboratory through Sears .
go to Brown University through Metcalf Research Building .
go to Minden Hall through Barus Building .
go to 67 George through John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to War Memorial through P-131317 .
go to Maxcy Green through Lincoln Field Building .
go to Untitled Lamp/Bear through Class of 1887 Gate .
go to Prospect House through Wriston Quad .
go to Friedman Hall through John Hay Library .
go to Casey Shearer Memorial through John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to Swearer Center for Public Service through Sayles Hall .
go to Lincoln Field Building through William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall through Manning .
go to Lincoln Field Building through Norwood House .
go to J.W. Wilson through Minden Hall .
go to Brown University Sciences Library through Quiet Green .
go to Prince Engineering Lab through Medical Research Lab .
go to Brown Bear through Wriston Quad .
go to Van Wickle Gates through Mencoff Hall .
go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority through Brown University .
go to Caswell Hall through Shirley Miller House .
go to Lincoln Field Building through Class of 1887 Gate .
go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences through Van Wickle Gates .
go to Marston Hall through Robinson Gate .
go to John Nicholas Brown Gate through Simmons Quadrangle .
go to 86 Waterman  through Wilbour Hall .
go to Walter Hall through Lot 18 .
go to University Hall through The Ivy Room .
go to Norwood House through Rhode Island Hall .
go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall through Arnold Laboratory .
go to 86 Waterman  through Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to John Nicholas Brown Gate through Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to Sears through Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to Class of 1887 Gate through Prospect House .
go to 86 Waterman  through Rockefeller Library .
go to Casey Shearer Memorial through Horace Mann House .
go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop through College Green .
go to Untitled Lamp/Bear through The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to J.W. Wilson through Lot 76 .
go to Maxcy Green through Lyman Hall .
go to Idee di pietra through Marston Hall .
go to Casey Shearer Memorial through Slavery Memorial .
go to 67 George through Mencoff Hall .
go to Starbucks through William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to Sayles Hall through Simmons Quadrangle .
go to Hegeman through Campus Market .
go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall through Class of 1887 Gate .
go to Saint Stephens Church through BERT .
go to Casey Shearer Memorial through Horace Mann House .
go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology through Brown University .
go to Van Wickle Gates through The Ivy Room .
go to Walter Hall through Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to College Green through John Hay Library .
go to Brown University Sciences Library through J.W. Wilson .
go to Lot 17 through Wilbour Hall .
go to Slater Hall through Van Wickle Gates .
go to Class of 1887 Gate through Barus Building .
go to William Goddard Memorial Gate through Hughes Court .
go to Class of 1872 Gate through Medical Research Lab .
go to Faunce House through Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to Rockefeller Library through Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to Wilbour Hall through William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to Medical Research Lab through Class of 1887 Gate .
go to Arnold Laboratory through Slavery Memorial .
go to John Hay Library through Minden Hall .
go to Wilbour Hall through List Art Building .
go to 86 Waterman  through Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to Horace Mann House through Simmons Quadrangle .
go to Lot 18 through Campus Market .
go to Prospect House through Brown University .
go to Brown University through List Art Building .
go to Soldiers Memorial Gate through Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate through Idee di pietra .
go to Salomon Center for Teaching through Brown University .
go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity through Mencoff Hall .
go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ through John Hay Library .
go to Circle Dance Sculpture through Simmons Quadrangle .
go to John Hay Library through University Hall .
go to Wriston Quad through Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to P-131317 through Minden Hall .
go to Walter Hall through Quiet Green .
go to Hope College through BERT .
go to Maxcy Hall through Hope College .
go to Littlefield Hall through Rhode Island Hall .
go to the Brown University before going to Norwood House
go to the Hope College before going to John Nicholas Brown Gate
go to the Hughes Court before going to Wilbour Hall
go to the P-131317 before going to Friedman Hall
go to the John Carter Brown Library before going to Wilbour Hall
go to the 67 George before going to John Hay Library
go to the Lot 17 before going to Shirley Miller House
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority before going to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity
go to the Lincoln Field Building before going to List Art Building
go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences before going to Class of 1872 Gate
go to the John Carter Brown Library before going to Faunce House
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall before going to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ
go to the Maxcy Green before going to Robinson Hall
go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate before going to Prince Engineering Lab
go to the Maddock Alumni  before going to Starbucks
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color before going to Slavery Memorial
go to the Robinson Hall before going to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate before going to Lot 17
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity before going to John Carter Brown Library
go to the Brown Bear before going to P-131317
go to the Medical Research Lab before going to Lot 76
go to the Marcus Aurelius before going to University Hall
go to the Shirley Miller House before going to Quiet Green
go to the Lot 76 before going to Prospect House
go to the Swearer Center for Public Service before going to BERT
go to the Prince Engineering Lab before going to Campus Market
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall before going to Friedman Hall
go to the 86 Waterman  before going to Brown University
go to the Citizen's Bank before going to Salomon Center for Teaching
go to the College Green before going to Sharpe Refectory
go to the Maxcy Green before going to Horace Mann House
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color before going to Hughes Court
go to the Prince Engineering Lab before going to Manning
go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate before going to Brown Bear
go to the John Hay Library before going to Brown University Sciences Library
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate before going to Blue Room
go to the Medical Research Lab before going to Lyman Hall
go to the Prince Engineering Lab before going to Gardner House
go to the Saint Stephens Church before going to Simmons Quadrangle
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop before going to Untitled Lamp/Bear
go to the Wriston Quad before going to Slater Hall
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ before going to Blue Room
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity before going to Salomon Center for Teaching
go to the Circle Dance Sculpture before going to Lyman Hall
go to the Van Wickle Gates before going to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ before going to List Art Building
go to the John Hay Library before going to Class of 1872 Gate
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching before going to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity
go to the Finlandia before going to BERT
go to the Norwood House before going to William Goddard Memorial Gate
go to the Arnold Laboratory before going to Lot 17
go to the Swearer Center for Public Service before going to Carrie Tower
go to the John Hay Library before going to Lincoln Field Building
go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate before going to Minden Hall
go to the Walter Hall before going to Urban Environmental Lab
go to the Lincoln Field Building before going to University Hall
go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity , then go to Walter Hall .
go to Lot 17 , then go to Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to Lincoln Field Building , then go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to Metcalf Research Building , then go to Finlandia .
go to Casey Shearer Memorial , then go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to Sayles Hall , then go to Prospect House .
go to Untitled Lamp/Bear , then go to Lot 18 .
go to Hughes Court , then go to Finlandia .
go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ , then go to BERT .
go to Swearer Center for Public Service , then go to P-131317 .
go to 67 George , then go to John Carter Brown Library .
go to Sharpe Refectory , then go to Robinson Gate .
go to John Carter Brown Library , then go to Simmons Quadrangle .
go to Carrie Tower , then go to Sayles Hall .
go to Salomon Center for Teaching , then go to Caswell Hall .
go to Idee di pietra , then go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to Medical Research Lab , then go to J.W. Wilson .
go to Maddock Alumni  , then go to Rhode Island Hall .
go to Slater Hall , then go to College Green .
go to Simmons Quadrangle , then go to Faunce House .
go to Brown University , then go to Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to Saint Stephens Church , then go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to Prospect House , then go to William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to Rhode Island Hall , then go to Brown University .
go to Van Wickle Gates , then go to Lot 18 .
go to College Green , then go to 67 George .
go to Watson Center for Information Technology , then go to Brown Bear .
go to John Hay Library , then go to Blue Room .
go to Lippit House , then go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall , then go to Maxcy Hall .
go to Lincoln Field Building , then go to The Ivy Room .
go to List Art Building , then go to College Green .
go to John Hay Library , then go to Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to Wriston Quad , then go to Campus Market .
go to Saint Stephens Church , then go to War Memorial .
go to Wriston Quad , then go to Idee di pietra .
go to Wilbour Hall , then go to Arnold Laboratory .
go to Shirley Miller House , then go to Van Wickle Gates .
go to BERT , then go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to Saint Stephens Church , then go to Norwood House .
go to Marston Hall , then go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to Swearer Center for Public Service , then go to Citizen's Bank .
go to Quiet Green , then go to Wilbour Hall .
go to Walter Hall , then go to Maxcy Hall .
go to Soldiers Memorial Gate , then go to Lyman Hall .
go to Maxcy Hall , then go to Slater Hall .
go to Norwood House , then go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to Quiet Green , then go to Faunce House .
go to John Nicholas Brown Gate , then go to Brown Bear .
go to Horace Mann House , then go to Marston Hall .
go to Saint Stephens Church , then go to Maddock Alumni  .
go to Untitled Lamp/Bear , then go to Maxcy Green .
go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority , then go to Kassar House .
go through Citizen's Bank then go to Lot 17 .
go through Brown University then go to William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go through Hegeman then go to Prospect House .
go through Mencoff Hall then go to J.W. Wilson .
go through Wilbour Hall then go to Littlefield Hall .
go through Morgan Witter Rogers Gate then go to Kassar House .
go through Soldiers Memorial Gate then go to Marcus Aurelius .
go through John Hay Library then go to Prospect House .
go through Metcalf Research Building then go to Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go through Mencoff Hall then go to Prospect House .
go through Shirley Miller House then go to Hegeman .
go through Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology then go to Watson Center for Information Technology .
go through Watson Center for Information Technology then go to Circle Dance Sculpture .
go through Horace Mann House then go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go through Morgan Witter Rogers Gate then go to Rockefeller Library .
go through Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop then go to Hope College .
go through Finlandia then go to The Ivy Room .
go through John Hay Library then go to Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go through Finlandia then go to Kassar House .
go through Sharpe Refectory then go to Blue Room .
go through Alpha Chi Omega Sorority then go to Quiet Green .
go through Minden Hall then go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go through Class of 1872 Gate then go to Quiet Green .
go through Campus Market then go to Robinson Hall .
go through Simmons Quadrangle then go to Manning .
go through Hughes Court then go to Casey Shearer Memorial .
go through Alpha Chi Omega Sorority then go to Idee di pietra .
go through Soldiers Memorial Gate then go to Swearer Center for Public Service .
go through Manning then go to Sears .
go through College Green then go to Brown Bear .
go through J.W. Wilson then go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go through Alpha Chi Omega Sorority then go to Salomon Center for Teaching .
go through Lippit House then go to War Memorial .
go through John Hay Library then go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go through Class of 1887 Gate then go to Brown Bear .
go through Swearer Center for Public Service then go to Slater Hall .
go through Metcalf Research Building then go to Robinson Hall .
go through Untitled Lamp/Bear then go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go through Lot 76 then go to John Hay Library .
go through University Hall then go to Sayles Hall .
go through Barus Building then go to Brown Bear .
go through Quiet Green then go to Swearer Center for Public Service .
go through Class of 1872 Gate then go to Lot 18 .
go through Robinson Gate then go to Starbucks .
go through Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences then go to Urban Environmental Lab .
go through Simmons Quadrangle then go to Lot 76 .
go through Littlefield Hall then go to War Memorial .
go through Watson Center for Information Technology then go to Wilbour Hall .
go through Wayland then go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go through P-131317 then go to BERT .
go through John Nicholas Brown Gate then go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go through Hegeman then go to Walter Hall .
go through Maxcy Green then go to Medical Research Lab .
go through Lippit House then go to Medical Research Lab .
go through William Goddard Memorial Gate then go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go through Minden Hall then go to Prospect House .
go through Maxcy Hall then go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go through 67 George then go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to Citizen's Bank through Sharpe Refectory
go to Maxcy Hall through University Hall
go to Blue Room through Simmons Quadrangle
go to John Nicholas Brown Gate through Prospect House
go to Manning through Brown University Sciences Library
go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ through Mencoff Hall
go to Brown Bear through John Hay Library
go to Class of 1887 Gate through Sayles Hall
go to Blue Room through Salomon Center for Teaching
go to Lincoln Field Building through Finlandia
go to William Goddard Memorial Gate through Lot 76
go to Faunce House through Mencoff Hall
go to Prince Engineering Lab through Rockefeller Library
go to Sharpe Refectory through Van Wickle Gates
go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology through Casey Shearer Memorial
go to Arnold Laboratory through Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity
go to Watson Center for Information Technology through Lippit House
go to Sharpe Refectory through Lot 76
go to Brown Bear through Soldiers Memorial Gate
go to Norwood House through Prospect House
go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences through Van Wickle Gates
go to Maxcy Green through GeoChem and Macmillian Hall
go to Manning through Idee di pietra
go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology through Brown University
go to BERT through Morgan Witter Rogers Gate
go to Brown University through Rockefeller Library
go to Littlefield Hall through Norwood House
go to Rockefeller Library through Friedman Hall
go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity through P-131317
go to J.W. Wilson through Shirley Miller House
go to Friedman Hall through Circle Dance Sculpture
go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology through Barus Building
go to Campus Market through University Hall
go to Wayland through Brown University Sciences Library
go to College Green through Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences
go to War Memorial through Alpha Chi Omega Sorority
go to Metcalf Research Building through Faunce House
go to University Hall through Class of 1887 Gate
go to The Ivy Room through J.W. Wilson
go to William Goddard Memorial Gate through Maxcy Green
go to Walter Hall through Brown Bear
go to Mencoff Hall through Carrie Tower
go to The Ivy Room through Wayland
go to William Goddard Memorial Gate through Mencoff Hall
go to Horace Mann House through Alpha Chi Omega Sorority
go to Manning through Friedman Hall
go to The Ivy Room through Hughes Court
go to Class of 1872 Gate through Swearer Center for Public Service
go to Lyman Hall through Wriston Quad
go to Finlandia through Faunce House
go to Swearer Center for Public Service through Untitled Lamp/Bear
go to Sears through Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop
go to Citizen's Bank through Kassar House
go to Manning through College Green
go to Manning through Idee di pietra
go to Wilbour Hall through Metcalf Research Building
go to Robinson Gate through Lyman Hall
go to Swearer Center for Public Service through Van Wickle Gates
go to Lot 76 then go to Hughes Court .
go to John Carter Brown Library then go to College Green .
go to 86 Waterman  then go to University Hall .
go to Littlefield Hall then go to Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to Kassar House then go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to J.W. Wilson then go to Hope College .
go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences then go to Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to The Ivy Room then go to Norwood House .
go to Salomon Center for Teaching then go to Gardner House .
go to Rhode Island Hall then go to Metcalf Research Building .
go to P-131317 then go to Lippit House .
go to P-131317 then go to Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to Campus Market then go to Marcus Aurelius .
go to John Nicholas Brown Gate then go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to List Art Building then go to Finlandia .
go to Hope College then go to Wriston Quad .
go to Norwood House then go to Lot 18 .
go to Salomon Center for Teaching then go to Idee di pietra .
go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority then go to Norwood House .
go to John Hay Library then go to John Hay Library .
go to Simmons Quadrangle then go to Friedman Hall .
go to Campus Market then go to Van Wickle Gates .
go to Casey Shearer Memorial then go to Barus Building .
go to Gardner House then go to Minden Hall .
go to Sayles Hall then go to Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to Class of 1887 Gate then go to Urban Environmental Lab .
go to Campus Market then go to Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to University Hall then go to Arnold Laboratory .
go to Shirley Miller House then go to Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to Medical Research Lab then go to Rhode Island Hall .
go to John Hay Library then go to Kassar House .
go to Brown Center for Students of Color then go to Brown University Sciences Library .
go to Littlefield Hall then go to Metcalf Research Building .
go to Rockefeller Library then go to BERT .
go to Soldiers Memorial Gate then go to Van Wickle Gates .
go to Hope College then go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to Class of 1887 Gate then go to Van Wickle Gates .
go to BERT then go to Rhode Island Hall .
go to Minden Hall then go to Van Wickle Gates .
go to Swearer Center for Public Service then go to Wriston Quad .
go to Lincoln Field Building then go to University Hall .
go to Soldiers Memorial Gate then go to Brown University Sciences Library .
go to Wayland then go to Campus Market .
go to 67 George then go to Caswell Hall .
go to 86 Waterman  then go to Shirley Miller House .
go to Norwood House then go to Blue Room .
go to Barus Building then go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to Littlefield Hall then go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to Hope College then go to Citizen's Bank .
go to Minden Hall then go to J.W. Wilson .
go to Watson Center for Information Technology then go to Medical Research Lab .
go to Class of 1872 Gate then go to War Memorial .
go to Gardner House then go to Brown Bear .
go to Class of 1872 Gate through Prince Engineering Lab .
go to Lippit House through Lincoln Field Building .
go to Sharpe Refectory through Maxcy Green .
go to Maxcy Green through Mencoff Hall .
go to Finlandia through Lyman Hall .
go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ through Prince Engineering Lab .
go to College Green through Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to Prospect House through Van Wickle Gates .
go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate through The Ivy Room .
go to Watson Center for Information Technology through The Ivy Room .
go to Carrie Tower through Friedman Hall .
go to Brown University through John Carter Brown Library .
go to Swearer Center for Public Service through Mencoff Hall .
go to Casey Shearer Memorial through Class of 1887 Gate .
go to Slavery Memorial through Quiet Green .
go to Maxcy Hall through Walter Hall .
go to Horace Mann House through Norwood House .
go to Saint Stephens Church through Starbucks .
go to Starbucks through Lot 18 .
go to Lot 18 through P-131317 .
go to Minden Hall through Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to Untitled Lamp/Bear through Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to Arnold Laboratory through Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate through Rhode Island Hall .
go to Citizen's Bank through Simmons Quadrangle .
go to Sayles Hall through Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to Brown Center for Students of Color through Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to Robinson Hall through Quiet Green .
go to Robinson Hall through Lippit House .
go to Lyman Hall through Simmons Quadrangle .
go to Lot 17 through John Carter Brown Library .
go to Hegeman through Medical Research Lab .
go to The Ivy Room through Maxcy Hall .
go to John Carter Brown Library through Medical Research Lab .
go to Brown University Sciences Library through Sears .
go to Simmons Quadrangle through List Art Building .
go to Sharpe Refectory through Sayles Hall .
go to Robinson Hall through Saint Stephens Church .
go to Wayland through Rhode Island Hall .
go to Rhode Island Hall through Norwood House .
go to Lincoln Field Building through Caswell Hall .
go to Campus Market through Littlefield Hall .
go to John Nicholas Brown Gate through Hughes Court .
go to Caswell Hall through Lippit House .
go to Shirley Miller House through Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to Marcus Aurelius through Rockefeller Library .
go to Norwood House through Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to J.W. Wilson through Class of 1872 Gate .
go to Swearer Center for Public Service through J.W. Wilson .
go to War Memorial through Kassar House .
go to Hope College through Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to John Nicholas Brown Gate through Marston Hall .
go to 67 George through Class of 1887 Gate .
go to Hughes Court through GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to Littlefield Hall through Rockefeller Library .
go to Lot 17 through Minden Hall .
go to John Nicholas Brown Gate through Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to Hope College through Idee di pietra .
go to Manning through J.W. Wilson .
go to Wilbour Hall through Starbucks .
first navigate to Class of 1887 Gate , then go to John Carter Brown Library .
first navigate to Arnold Laboratory , then go to Barus Building .
first navigate to Idee di pietra , then go to War Memorial .
first navigate to William Goddard Memorial Gate , then go to Walter Hall .
first navigate to Sears , then go to 86 Waterman  .
first navigate to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences , then go to Salomon Center for Teaching .
first navigate to Wriston Quad , then go to Kassar House .
first navigate to Wayland , then go to Swearer Center for Public Service .
first navigate to 86 Waterman  , then go to List Art Building .
first navigate to War Memorial , then go to William Goddard Memorial Gate .
first navigate to Quiet Green , then go to Sayles Hall .
first navigate to Campus Market , then go to P-131317 .
first navigate to William Goddard Memorial Gate , then go to Hughes Court .
first navigate to Finlandia , then go to Untitled Lamp/Bear .
first navigate to Maxcy Green , then go to Kassar House .
first navigate to Sharpe Refectory , then go to Quiet Green .
first navigate to Brown Bear , then go to P-131317 .
first navigate to Sayles Hall , then go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
first navigate to 86 Waterman  , then go to Walter Hall .
first navigate to Brown University , then go to Carrie Tower .
first navigate to 67 George , then go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
first navigate to William Goddard Memorial Gate , then go to Shirley Miller House .
first navigate to Brown Bear , then go to Brown Center for Students of Color .
first navigate to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall , then go to Finlandia .
first navigate to Hughes Court , then go to Minden Hall .
first navigate to BERT , then go to Walter Hall .
first navigate to Lyman Hall , then go to Casey Shearer Memorial .
first navigate to Marston Hall , then go to P-131317 .
first navigate to Simmons Quadrangle , then go to Minden Hall .
first navigate to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology , then go to Citizen's Bank .
first navigate to Untitled Lamp/Bear , then go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
first navigate to Class of 1887 Gate , then go to John Hay Library .
first navigate to Swearer Center for Public Service , then go to Rhode Island Hall .
first navigate to Littlefield Hall , then go to Simmons Quadrangle .
first navigate to Slavery Memorial , then go to Rockefeller Library .
first navigate to Salomon Center for Teaching , then go to Van Wickle Gates .
first navigate to Campus Market , then go to Marcus Aurelius .
first navigate to Manning , then go to Starbucks .
first navigate to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity , then go to Class of 1887 Gate .
first navigate to John Hay Library , then go to Class of 1872 Gate .
first navigate to Prince Engineering Lab , then go to Robinson Gate .
first navigate to John Carter Brown Library , then go to Slater Hall .
first navigate to Class of 1872 Gate , then go to Lot 18 .
first navigate to Brown Bear , then go to Friedman Hall .
first navigate to Lot 76 , then go to Robinson Gate .
first navigate to Lippit House , then go to Casey Shearer Memorial .
first navigate to Carrie Tower , then go to Van Wickle Gates .
first navigate to Lyman Hall , then go to Barus Building .
first navigate to Marcus Aurelius , then go to Lot 17 .
first navigate to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop , then go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
first navigate to Gardner House , then go to Sayles Hall .
first navigate to Lippit House , then go to Quiet Green .
first navigate to Wayland , then go to Lyman Hall .
first navigate to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity , then go to Medical Research Lab .
first navigate to J.W. Wilson , then go to John Hay Library .
first navigate to Swearer Center for Public Service , then go to John Hay Library .
go to War Memorial through Soldiers Memorial Gate
go to Sears through Citizen's Bank
go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate through BERT
go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity through William Goddard Memorial Gate
go to Mencoff Hall through Blue Room
go to Sharpe Refectory through Prince Engineering Lab
go to Wriston Quad through Minden Hall
go to Brown University Sciences Library through Lippit House
go to Quiet Green through Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences
go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall through Soldiers Memorial Gate
go to Maddock Alumni  through Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences
go to Faunce House through J.W. Wilson
go to Urban Environmental Lab through War Memorial
go to Simmons Quadrangle through Maxcy Green
go to Quiet Green through Walter Hall
go to Barus Building through Brown University Sciences Library
go to John Carter Brown Library through Barus Building
go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate through Mencoff Hall
go to Lippit House through Maxcy Hall
go to John Hay Library through Rhode Island Hall
go to Walter Hall through Campus Market
go to Gardner House through Blue Room
go to P-131317 through Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity
go to Lot 17 through Casey Shearer Memorial
go to Lincoln Field Building through Rockefeller Library
go to Brown University Sciences Library through Barus Building
go to Campus Market through Maxcy Hall
go to Slavery Memorial through Idee di pietra
go to Class of 1887 Gate through Robinson Gate
go to Lyman Hall through Rockefeller Library
go to Friedman Hall through Lyman Hall
go to Maxcy Hall through Wilbour Hall
go to Brown Center for Students of Color through Circle Dance Sculpture
go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall through Carrie Tower
go to Barus Building through Sayles Hall
go to Marcus Aurelius through Circle Dance Sculpture
go to P-131317 through Van Wickle Gates
go to Casey Shearer Memorial through Littlefield Hall
go to Maddock Alumni  through Sears
go to Hope College through Watson Center for Information Technology
go to Swearer Center for Public Service through John Nicholas Brown Gate
go to Kassar House through Mencoff Hall
go to Maddock Alumni  through Starbucks
go to Slater Hall through Slavery Memorial
go to Arnold Laboratory through Friedman Hall
go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority through John Hay Library
go to Saint Stephens Church through Salomon Center for Teaching
go to Hegeman through Minden Hall
go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall through Gardner House
go to Brown University through 67 George
go to Littlefield Hall through William Goddard Memorial Gate
go to Watson Center for Information Technology through Metcalf Research Building
go to P-131317 through Class of 1872 Gate
go to Wayland through College Green
go to Shirley Miller House through Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity
go to War Memorial through John Hay Library
go to Wayland through Wilbour Hall
go to Hegeman through Littlefield Hall
go to Brown University through Class of 1872 Gate
always go to Slavery Memorial before BERT .
always go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop before J.W. Wilson .
always go to Citizen's Bank before Marcus Aurelius .
always go to War Memorial before Rhode Island Hall .
always go to Littlefield Hall before 86 Waterman  .
always go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology before Maxcy Hall .
always go to Manning before Finlandia .
always go to Brown University Sciences Library before Quiet Green .
always go to Class of 1887 Gate before Barus Building .
always go to Class of 1872 Gate before Finlandia .
always go to Prospect House before Van Wickle Gates .
always go to List Art Building before Robinson Hall .
always go to Friedman Hall before John Nicholas Brown Gate .
always go to Saint Stephens Church before College Green .
always go to Lyman Hall before John Hay Library .
always go to Arnold Laboratory before Rhode Island Hall .
always go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences before Carrie Tower .
always go to Lot 17 before Salomon Center for Teaching .
always go to 86 Waterman  before Untitled Lamp/Bear .
always go to University Hall before Circle Dance Sculpture .
always go to Urban Environmental Lab before Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
always go to Urban Environmental Lab before Salomon Center for Teaching .
always go to Brown Center for Students of Color before J.W. Wilson .
always go to Shirley Miller House before Idee di pietra .
always go to Metcalf Research Building before Faunce House .
always go to Manning before Maxcy Green .
always go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology before BERT .
always go to Class of 1887 Gate before The Ivy Room .
always go to Campus Market before Mencoff Hall .
always go to Gardner House before Watson Center for Information Technology .
always go to Rhode Island Hall before College Green .
always go to Simmons Quadrangle before Salomon Center for Teaching .
always go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity before 67 George .
always go to John Carter Brown Library before Sayles Hall .
always go to Swearer Center for Public Service before Van Wickle Gates .
always go to Kassar House before Brown Bear .
always go to Lot 17 before Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
always go to The Ivy Room before Sharpe Refectory .
always go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall before Marston Hall .
always go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity before Shirley Miller House .
always go to Robinson Gate before Sears .
always go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology before Littlefield Hall .
always go to Littlefield Hall before William Goddard Memorial Gate .
always go to William Goddard Memorial Gate before Norwood House .
always go to Lot 18 before Kassar House .
always go to Citizen's Bank before List Art Building .
always go to Robinson Hall before Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
always go to Shirley Miller House before 67 George .
always go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop before Saint Stephens Church .
always go to Campus Market before John Hay Library .
always go to Hegeman before Marston Hall .
always go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate before Friedman Hall .
always go to Robinson Gate before Wilbour Hall .
always go to War Memorial before Hughes Court .
always go to Lincoln Field Building before P-131317 .
always go to Marcus Aurelius before Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
always go to Lincoln Field Building before BERT .
always go to Untitled Lamp/Bear before Urban Environmental Lab .
go to Norwood House , then go to BERT .
go to Friedman Hall , then go to Medical Research Lab .
go to List Art Building , then go to Sears .
go to Norwood House , then go to Walter Hall .
go to Friedman Hall , then go to Medical Research Lab .
go to Brown University Sciences Library , then go to Horace Mann House .
go to Arnold Laboratory , then go to Hegeman .
go to Brown Bear , then go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity , then go to Arnold Laboratory .
go to Maxcy Hall , then go to Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to Norwood House , then go to Lot 18 .
go to Robinson Gate , then go to Van Wickle Gates .
go to Prospect House , then go to List Art Building .
go to Rhode Island Hall , then go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to Swearer Center for Public Service , then go to Norwood House .
go to Saint Stephens Church , then go to Idee di pietra .
go to John Hay Library , then go to 67 George .
go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ , then go to The Ivy Room .
go to John Carter Brown Library , then go to Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to Hughes Court , then go to John Hay Library .
go to Lincoln Field Building , then go to Marcus Aurelius .
go to Van Wickle Gates , then go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop , then go to Gardner House .
go to List Art Building , then go to Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to Norwood House , then go to University Hall .
go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity , then go to Maxcy Green .
go to Caswell Hall , then go to Quiet Green .
go to Medical Research Lab , then go to Arnold Laboratory .
go to P-131317 , then go to Class of 1887 Gate .
go to Watson Center for Information Technology , then go to Minden Hall .
go to Maxcy Hall , then go to Faunce House .
go to Class of 1887 Gate , then go to Robinson Gate .
go to Campus Market , then go to Urban Environmental Lab .
go to BERT , then go to Saint Stephens Church .
go to Marston Hall , then go to 67 George .
go to BERT , then go to Wilbour Hall .
go to Sayles Hall , then go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to Hegeman , then go to Medical Research Lab .
go to Mencoff Hall , then go to Marston Hall .
go to Wilbour Hall , then go to Starbucks .
go to Minden Hall , then go to Quiet Green .
go to Arnold Laboratory , then go to Quiet Green .
go to Hegeman , then go to J.W. Wilson .
go to Lyman Hall , then go to College Green .
go to Wayland , then go to Norwood House .
go to Sears , then go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to Lot 17 , then go to Marston Hall .
go to Barus Building , then go to Mencoff Hall .
go to 86 Waterman  , then go to Sears .
go to Lot 17 , then go to Slavery Memorial .
go to College Green , then go to Walter Hall .
go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall , then go to Brown Bear .
go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology , then go to Walter Hall .
go to Casey Shearer Memorial , then go to Quiet Green .
go to Marcus Aurelius , then go to Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to Horace Mann House , then go to John Hay Library .
go to Brown Bear , then go to Metcalf Research Building .
go to College Green , then go to Carrie Tower .
go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority , then go to Van Wickle Gates .
go to Sears , then go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to Citizen's Bank by going through Slavery Memorial
go to Urban Environmental Lab by going through Prince Engineering Lab
go to P-131317 by going through Untitled Lamp/Bear
go to John Hay Library by going through War Memorial
go to Medical Research Lab by going through Rockefeller Library
go to Maxcy Hall by going through John Hay Library
go to Lot 76 by going through Lyman Hall
go to John Hay Library by going through The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ
go to Sharpe Refectory by going through The Ivy Room
go to John Hay Library by going through Hegeman
go to Finlandia by going through 86 Waterman 
go to John Hay Library by going through Starbucks
go to Class of 1872 Gate by going through Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences
go to John Carter Brown Library by going through Blue Room
go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop by going through Prospect House
go to 86 Waterman  by going through Shirley Miller House
go to Manning by going through Salomon Center for Teaching
go to Citizen's Bank by going through Barus Building
go to 86 Waterman  by going through University Hall
go to Swearer Center for Public Service by going through Marcus Aurelius
go to Lot 17 by going through Wriston Quad
go to Caswell Hall by going through Minden Hall
go to Saint Stephens Church by going through Van Wickle Gates
go to Hope College by going through Prince Engineering Lab
go to Salomon Center for Teaching by going through Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity
go to Casey Shearer Memorial by going through Minden Hall
go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology by going through Norwood House
go to Norwood House by going through Sharpe Refectory
go to Hegeman by going through Citizen's Bank
go to John Hay Library by going through Slavery Memorial
go to Maxcy Green by going through Sayles Hall
go to Walter Hall by going through Maddock Alumni 
go to Class of 1872 Gate by going through John Hay Library
go to Brown University Sciences Library by going through Minden Hall
go to 67 George by going through Marcus Aurelius
go to Marcus Aurelius by going through The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ
go to Horace Mann House by going through William Goddard Memorial Gate
go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology by going through Saint Stephens Church
go to P-131317 by going through Brown Center for Students of Color
go to Hope College by going through Slater Hall
go to Casey Shearer Memorial by going through Slavery Memorial
go to 67 George by going through Kassar House
go to Hegeman by going through 67 George
go to P-131317 by going through John Carter Brown Library
go to Mencoff Hall by going through Robinson Hall
go to J.W. Wilson by going through Lippit House
go to Soldiers Memorial Gate by going through Circle Dance Sculpture
go to Van Wickle Gates by going through Wriston Quad
go to List Art Building by going through John Hay Library
go to War Memorial by going through Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop
go to Brown Center for Students of Color by going through John Hay Library
go to Salomon Center for Teaching by going through John Hay Library
go to Maddock Alumni  by going through Finlandia
go to Class of 1872 Gate by going through Medical Research Lab
go to Hughes Court by going through Untitled Lamp/Bear
go to Lyman Hall by going through John Carter Brown Library
go to Class of 1887 Gate by going through Lincoln Field Building
go to Rockefeller Library after going to Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to Norwood House after going to Prince Engineering Lab .
go to Brown Bear after going to Van Wickle Gates .
go to Mencoff Hall after going to Slater Hall .
go to Sayles Hall after going to Barus Building .
go to Brown Center for Students of Color after going to Wriston Quad .
go to John Nicholas Brown Gate after going to Robinson Gate .
go to Van Wickle Gates after going to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to Wilbour Hall after going to Idee di pietra .
go to University Hall after going to Lot 76 .
go to Idee di pietra after going to Rockefeller Library .
go to Maxcy Green after going to Manning .
go to Prince Engineering Lab after going to Lyman Hall .
go to John Nicholas Brown Gate after going to BERT .
go to Citizen's Bank after going to Lincoln Field Building .
go to Lot 18 after going to Shirley Miller House .
go to The Ivy Room after going to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to Class of 1887 Gate after going to Hughes Court .
go to Brown Bear after going to Minden Hall .
go to Van Wickle Gates after going to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to Kassar House after going to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to Sayles Hall after going to Maddock Alumni  .
go to Prospect House after going to Mencoff Hall .
go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate after going to Maxcy Green .
go to Slavery Memorial after going to The Ivy Room .
go to Faunce House after going to Prince Engineering Lab .
go to Class of 1872 Gate after going to P-131317 .
go to Saint Stephens Church after going to J.W. Wilson .
go to Prince Engineering Lab after going to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to Starbucks after going to Brown Bear .
go to Brown Bear after going to Class of 1872 Gate .
go to Sayles Hall after going to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to Lyman Hall after going to Brown Bear .
go to Maxcy Hall after going to Kassar House .
go to Metcalf Research Building after going to Marcus Aurelius .
go to Quiet Green after going to College Green .
go to BERT after going to Lot 17 .
go to Prospect House after going to Brown Bear .
go to 86 Waterman  after going to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to Barus Building after going to J.W. Wilson .
go to Urban Environmental Lab after going to Gardner House .
go to College Green after going to Littlefield Hall .
go to Gardner House after going to Maddock Alumni  .
go to Wilbour Hall after going to Hope College .
go to Arnold Laboratory after going to Barus Building .
go to Citizen's Bank after going to Maxcy Green .
go to Minden Hall after going to Sayles Hall .
go to J.W. Wilson after going to University Hall .
go to Untitled Lamp/Bear after going to Wayland .
go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate after going to John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to Lippit House after going to P-131317 .
go to Marston Hall after going to Lot 76 .
go to College Green after going to Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to Class of 1887 Gate after going to Brown University .
go to J.W. Wilson after going to College Green .
go to Wilbour Hall after going to Wriston Quad .
go to Slater Hall after going to J.W. Wilson .
go to Simmons Quadrangle after going to Idee di pietra .
go to Citizen's Bank after going to Simmons Quadrangle .
go to Walter Hall after going to Starbucks .
go through Robinson Hall to Watson Center for Information Technology .
go through Maxcy Hall to Littlefield Hall .
go through Morgan Witter Rogers Gate to Sharpe Refectory .
go through Maxcy Green to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go through Rhode Island Hall to Arnold Laboratory .
go through Lot 76 to Swearer Center for Public Service .
go through John Nicholas Brown Gate to Brown University Sciences Library .
go through Carrie Tower to Idee di pietra .
go through Metcalf Research Building to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go through Kassar House to Rhode Island Hall .
go through Walter Hall to Circle Dance Sculpture .
go through Sayles Hall to Saint Stephens Church .
go through Starbucks to Brown Bear .
go through Untitled Lamp/Bear to Arnold Laboratory .
go through Manning to Van Wickle Gates .
go through Lyman Hall to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go through List Art Building to Friedman Hall .
go through Saint Stephens Church to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go through Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology to Medical Research Lab .
go through Soldiers Memorial Gate to Robinson Gate .
go through Medical Research Lab to J.W. Wilson .
go through Lincoln Field Building to Brown Bear .
go through 86 Waterman  to Mencoff Hall .
go through Arnold Laboratory to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go through Finlandia to Van Wickle Gates .
go through Friedman Hall to Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go through Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology to Wriston Quad .
go through Brown Bear to Lippit House .
go through Class of 1872 Gate to Robinson Gate .
go through Carrie Tower to Saint Stephens Church .
go through The Ivy Room to Brown Bear .
go through Lot 17 to Manning .
go through Citizen's Bank to Hughes Court .
go through Horace Mann House to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go through BERT to The Ivy Room .
go through Circle Dance Sculpture to Shirley Miller House .
go through Prince Engineering Lab to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go through John Hay Library to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go through Carrie Tower to Salomon Center for Teaching .
go through Lincoln Field Building to Slavery Memorial .
go through Van Wickle Gates to Robinson Hall .
go through War Memorial to Slavery Memorial .
go through University Hall to Arnold Laboratory .
go through Manning to Blue Room .
go through Rockefeller Library to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go through Sharpe Refectory to Campus Market .
go through Simmons Quadrangle to Finlandia .
go through Friedman Hall to Lot 18 .
go through Manning to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go through Gardner House to Brown Bear .
go through Lyman Hall to Mencoff Hall .
go through Blue Room to Quiet Green .
go through P-131317 to Hegeman .
go through William Goddard Memorial Gate to List Art Building .
go to the Slavery Memorial via University Hall .
go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology via Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to the Prospect House via John Hay Library .
go to the Caswell Hall via Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to the Rhode Island Hall via Marcus Aurelius .
go to the John Carter Brown Library via Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology via Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to the John Hay Library via Manning .
go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate via Campus Market .
go to the University Hall via Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Van Wickle Gates via Class of 1872 Gate .
go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate via War Memorial .
go to the Urban Environmental Lab via Manning .
go to the Manning via Minden Hall .
go to the Medical Research Lab via Lyman Hall .
go to the Brown Bear via Littlefield Hall .
go to the P-131317 via Shirley Miller House .
go to the Horace Mann House via Wriston Quad .
go to the Slater Hall via Friedman Hall .
go to the Sharpe Refectory via Walter Hall .
go to the Swearer Center for Public Service via Arnold Laboratory .
go to the Citizen's Bank via J.W. Wilson .
go to the J.W. Wilson via Brown University .
go to the Urban Environmental Lab via Arnold Laboratory .
go to the Medical Research Lab via Lot 76 .
go to the Minden Hall via John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to the Brown University Sciences Library via Marston Hall .
go to the Lincoln Field Building via List Art Building .
go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear via Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to the Robinson Gate via Barus Building .
go to the Urban Environmental Lab via Saint Stephens Church .
go to the Marcus Aurelius via Shirley Miller House .
go to the John Hay Library via Sears .
go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences via Lot 76 .
go to the War Memorial via Caswell Hall .
go to the Rockefeller Library via Lot 17 .
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop via Brown University Sciences Library .
go to the Robinson Gate via Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Wilbour Hall via 67 George .
go to the Maxcy Hall via Robinson Hall .
go to the Hegeman via Finlandia .
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color via Rhode Island Hall .
go to the Sears via Manning .
go to the War Memorial via Finlandia .
go to the Hope College via Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to the Casey Shearer Memorial via Slavery Memorial .
go to the Citizen's Bank via Manning .
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall via Shirley Miller House .
go to the Campus Market via Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to the J.W. Wilson via GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to the The Ivy Room via Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to the Carrie Tower via Hope College .
go to the Circle Dance Sculpture via Brown Bear .
go to the P-131317 via Class of 1872 Gate .
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall via Starbucks .
go to the Kassar House via Rhode Island Hall .
go to the Brown Bear via Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to the John Hay Library via P-131317 .
go through Maxcy Green to the John Hay Library .
go through Maxcy Green to the Hughes Court .
go through Horace Mann House to the Lippit House .
go through Idee di pietra to the Brown Bear .
go through Swearer Center for Public Service to the Wayland .
go through Urban Environmental Lab to the Class of 1887 Gate .
go through Rockefeller Library to the Arnold Laboratory .
go through Hope College to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go through Starbucks to the 67 George .
go through Class of 1887 Gate to the Brown Bear .
go through Hegeman to the Metcalf Research Building .
go through Slater Hall to the Littlefield Hall .
go through Marston Hall to the Brown Bear .
go through Lincoln Field Building to the Class of 1872 Gate .
go through 86 Waterman  to the Slater Hall .
go through Campus Market to the 67 George .
go through List Art Building to the Robinson Gate .
go through Hughes Court to the Marcus Aurelius .
go through Casey Shearer Memorial to the Caswell Hall .
go through Carrie Tower to the Mencoff Hall .
go through Simmons Quadrangle to the Starbucks .
go through Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity to the Friedman Hall .
go through Rhode Island Hall to the J.W. Wilson .
go through Lyman Hall to the Carrie Tower .
go through Van Wickle Gates to the Carrie Tower .
go through Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences to the BERT .
go through Walter Hall to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go through Citizen's Bank to the Rockefeller Library .
go through Van Wickle Gates to the Lincoln Field Building .
go through Starbucks to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go through Idee di pietra to the University Hall .
go through Brown Bear to the Metcalf Research Building .
go through Slavery Memorial to the Shirley Miller House .
go through The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ to the Maxcy Hall .
go through Maddock Alumni  to the Lot 76 .
go through Salomon Center for Teaching to the BERT .
go through Untitled Lamp/Bear to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go through GeoChem and Macmillian Hall to the Finlandia .
go through Maxcy Green to the Blue Room .
go through Manning to the Medical Research Lab .
go through Morgan Witter Rogers Gate to the Sharpe Refectory .
go through List Art Building to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go through Lot 17 to the Brown University .
go through Finlandia to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go through Walter Hall to the Lot 18 .
go through Lot 76 to the Manning .
go through Brown Bear to the Slavery Memorial .
go through Brown Center for Students of Color to the Horace Mann House .
go through Shirley Miller House to the Prince Engineering Lab .
go through Arnold Laboratory to the Brown Bear .
go through The Ivy Room to the Lyman Hall .
go through Wilbour Hall to the Prospect House .
go through The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ to the Brown Bear .
go through P-131317 to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go through The Ivy Room to the Gardner House .
go to the Lot 17 through Walter Hall
go to the Class of 1887 Gate through Brown University
go to the Rockefeller Library through Lot 18
go to the Wriston Quad through Arnold Laboratory
go to the Medical Research Lab through Brown Center for Students of Color
go to the John Carter Brown Library through Van Wickle Gates
go to the Hope College through List Art Building
go to the BERT through Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop
go to the Campus Market through Brown Center for Students of Color
go to the Barus Building through Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology
go to the P-131317 through Robinson Hall
go to the The Ivy Room through Lot 17
go to the Minden Hall through Untitled Lamp/Bear
go to the Rhode Island Hall through Van Wickle Gates
go to the Wilbour Hall through Marston Hall
go to the P-131317 through Morgan Witter Rogers Gate
go to the Campus Market through Shirley Miller House
go to the Lippit House through Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity
go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate through Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop
go to the Walter Hall through Manning
go to the Maxcy Hall through Prospect House
go to the Littlefield Hall through Wriston Quad
go to the Wriston Quad through Casey Shearer Memorial
go to the Saint Stephens Church through Barus Building
go to the John Hay Library through Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology
go to the Barus Building through Robinson Hall
go to the Quiet Green through Lot 76
go to the The Ivy Room through Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology
go to the Manning through Barus Building
go to the Maxcy Green through Brown University Sciences Library
go to the Casey Shearer Memorial through Marston Hall
go to the Littlefield Hall through Mencoff Hall
go to the Circle Dance Sculpture through List Art Building
go to the Van Wickle Gates through Morgan Witter Rogers Gate
go to the Starbucks through Brown Center for Students of Color
go to the Walter Hall through Finlandia
go to the Sayles Hall through Carrie Tower
go to the Lot 76 through Marston Hall
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology through Brown University
go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate through Brown Bear
go to the Lippit House through Walter Hall
go to the University Hall through Casey Shearer Memorial
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ through Prospect House
go to the Horace Mann House through Slater Hall
go to the Van Wickle Gates through Lippit House
go to the Urban Environmental Lab through Marcus Aurelius
go to the Caswell Hall through Class of 1887 Gate
go to the Idee di pietra through Marcus Aurelius
go to the Brown Bear through Caswell Hall
go to the Walter Hall through John Carter Brown Library
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority through 86 Waterman 
go to the Barus Building through Lot 17
go to the Class of 1887 Gate through Urban Environmental Lab
go to the War Memorial through The Ivy Room
go to the Wayland through Alpha Chi Omega Sorority
go to the Shirley Miller House through Watson Center for Information Technology
go to the Norwood House through Swearer Center for Public Service
go to the Lot 76 through Friedman Hall
go through Lot 17 before going to the Lot 18 .
go through Slavery Memorial before going to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go through Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences before going to the Walter Hall .
go through John Hay Library before going to the Lot 17 .
go through Minden Hall before going to the Wayland .
go through Kassar House before going to the Class of 1887 Gate .
go through The Ivy Room before going to the Lot 76 .
go through Blue Room before going to the Wilbour Hall .
go through Blue Room before going to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go through Alpha Chi Omega Sorority before going to the Shirley Miller House .
go through Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences before going to the BERT .
go through Brown Bear before going to the Lot 76 .
go through Brown Bear before going to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go through Shirley Miller House before going to the Hughes Court .
go through War Memorial before going to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go through Hughes Court before going to the Lot 18 .
go through 67 George before going to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go through Slavery Memorial before going to the Brown Bear .
go through Brown Bear before going to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go through Rockefeller Library before going to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go through Starbucks before going to the Mencoff Hall .
go through Quiet Green before going to the Arnold Laboratory .
go through Hegeman before going to the Lincoln Field Building .
go through Rockefeller Library before going to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go through Maxcy Hall before going to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go through 86 Waterman  before going to the BERT .
go through John Carter Brown Library before going to the Norwood House .
go through Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology before going to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go through Friedman Hall before going to the Kassar House .
go through Finlandia before going to the Marcus Aurelius .
go through Blue Room before going to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go through The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ before going to the Robinson Gate .
go through Hegeman before going to the Hope College .
go through University Hall before going to the John Hay Library .
go through Class of 1887 Gate before going to the Maxcy Green .
go through Simmons Quadrangle before going to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go through Finlandia before going to the John Hay Library .
go through Saint Stephens Church before going to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go through P-131317 before going to the Robinson Gate .
go through Medical Research Lab before going to the Quiet Green .
go through John Nicholas Brown Gate before going to the Sayles Hall .
go through Starbucks before going to the Hughes Court .
go through Morgan Witter Rogers Gate before going to the 67 George .
go through Barus Building before going to the The Ivy Room .
go through Marston Hall before going to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go through Starbucks before going to the Saint Stephens Church .
go through Saint Stephens Church before going to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go through Wilbour Hall before going to the Brown Bear .
go through Prince Engineering Lab before going to the BERT .
go through Wilbour Hall before going to the Maxcy Green .
go through William Goddard Memorial Gate before going to the Minden Hall .
go through Van Wickle Gates before going to the Barus Building .
move to the Idee di pietra but go through Brown Bear first .
move to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority but go through Starbucks first .
move to the John Carter Brown Library but go through Brown University first .
move to the Class of 1887 Gate but go through Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity first .
move to the Simmons Quadrangle but go through Class of 1872 Gate first .
move to the William Goddard Memorial Gate but go through College Green first .
move to the Horace Mann House but go through Maxcy Hall first .
move to the Metcalf Research Building but go through Brown Center for Students of Color first .
move to the Brown University Sciences Library but go through Slavery Memorial first .
move to the Rhode Island Hall but go through Quiet Green first .
move to the J.W. Wilson but go through Brown University first .
move to the Salomon Center for Teaching but go through Mencoff Hall first .
move to the Hope College but go through Marston Hall first .
move to the Manning but go through 67 George first .
move to the 86 Waterman  but go through Barus Building first .
move to the Lincoln Field Building but go through 67 George first .
move to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority but go through Sharpe Refectory first .
move to the Hughes Court but go through Norwood House first .
move to the Manning but go through William Goddard Memorial Gate first .
move to the Van Wickle Gates but go through Wilbour Hall first .
move to the Rhode Island Hall but go through Circle Dance Sculpture first .
move to the Norwood House but go through Arnold Laboratory first .
move to the Rhode Island Hall but go through College Green first .
move to the Citizen's Bank but go through Simmons Quadrangle first .
move to the Circle Dance Sculpture but go through Untitled Lamp/Bear first .
move to the Brown University but go through Arnold Laboratory first .
move to the 86 Waterman  but go through Arnold Laboratory first .
move to the Maxcy Hall but go through Alpha Chi Omega Sorority first .
move to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority but go through Van Wickle Gates first .
move to the Hegeman but go through Rockefeller Library first .
move to the Urban Environmental Lab but go through Carrie Tower first .
move to the Minden Hall but go through Marston Hall first .
move to the P-131317 but go through GeoChem and Macmillian Hall first .
move to the Blue Room but go through Maxcy Hall first .
move to the Caswell Hall but go through Slater Hall first .
move to the The Ivy Room but go through Hegeman first .
move to the Brown Bear but go through The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ first .
move to the Casey Shearer Memorial but go through Saint Stephens Church first .
move to the Faunce House but go through Maddock Alumni  first .
move to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall but go through Brown Bear first .
move to the Sayles Hall but go through Alpha Chi Omega Sorority first .
move to the University Hall but go through Brown Bear first .
move to the Swearer Center for Public Service but go through Lot 18 first .
move to the Urban Environmental Lab but go through Van Wickle Gates first .
move to the Brown Bear but go through Citizen's Bank first .
move to the Swearer Center for Public Service but go through William Goddard Memorial Gate first .
move to the P-131317 but go through Lyman Hall first .
move to the Hope College but go through Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity first .
move to the Friedman Hall but go through BERT first .
move to the Class of 1872 Gate but go through Manning first .
move to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop but go through Citizen's Bank first .
move to the Mencoff Hall but go through Sharpe Refectory first .
move to the Van Wickle Gates but go through Robinson Gate first .
move to the Faunce House but go through Minden Hall first .
move to the Robinson Hall but go through Brown Bear first .
move to the Maxcy Green but go through Robinson Hall first .
move to the Idee di pietra but go through Manning first .
move to the Hegeman but go through Blue Room first .
move to the Campus Market but go through Maxcy Hall first .
navigate through Prince Engineering Lab to the Friedman Hall .
navigate through War Memorial to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
navigate through Untitled Lamp/Bear to the Wriston Quad .
navigate through John Nicholas Brown Gate to the Sharpe Refectory .
navigate through Watson Center for Information Technology to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
navigate through Faunce House to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
navigate through BERT to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
navigate through Slater Hall to the Lot 17 .
navigate through Brown Center for Students of Color to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
navigate through Campus Market to the Brown Bear .
navigate through J.W. Wilson to the College Green .
navigate through Quiet Green to the Hope College .
navigate through Salomon Center for Teaching to the Lot 76 .
navigate through Quiet Green to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
navigate through Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences to the Maxcy Green .
navigate through John Hay Library to the Kassar House .
navigate through Caswell Hall to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
navigate through Blue Room to the Prospect House .
navigate through Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
navigate through Lincoln Field Building to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
navigate through Idee di pietra to the Finlandia .
navigate through Sears to the Idee di pietra .
navigate through Casey Shearer Memorial to the Hughes Court .
navigate through Caswell Hall to the Quiet Green .
navigate through Lot 17 to the Starbucks .
navigate through Maxcy Hall to the Marcus Aurelius .
navigate through Mencoff Hall to the Marcus Aurelius .
navigate through Faunce House to the P-131317 .
navigate through GeoChem and Macmillian Hall to the Slater Hall .
navigate through Shirley Miller House to the BERT .
navigate through Medical Research Lab to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
navigate through Class of 1872 Gate to the Maddock Alumni  .
navigate through Maddock Alumni  to the Campus Market .
navigate through BERT to the Maddock Alumni  .
navigate through Littlefield Hall to the Lot 76 .
navigate through Hughes Court to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
navigate through Lot 18 to the Rockefeller Library .
navigate through BERT to the John Hay Library .
navigate through Maddock Alumni  to the Manning .
navigate through Citizen's Bank to the Horace Mann House .
navigate through Robinson Hall to the Minden Hall .
navigate through Hope College to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
navigate through University Hall to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
navigate through Littlefield Hall to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
navigate through Class of 1887 Gate to the Quiet Green .
navigate through Wayland to the Brown University .
navigate through Van Wickle Gates to the 67 George .
navigate through Blue Room to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
navigate through Maddock Alumni  to the Brown University Sciences Library .
navigate through University Hall to the Wayland .
navigate through Casey Shearer Memorial to the Finlandia .
go to Brown Bear and then go to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to John Hay Library and then go to the Wayland .
go to P-131317 and then go to the Mencoff Hall .
go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate and then go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to Casey Shearer Memorial and then go to the Class of 1872 Gate .
go to Rhode Island Hall and then go to the Wriston Quad .
go to Prospect House and then go to the Idee di pietra .
go to Wilbour Hall and then go to the Brown Bear .
go to Maxcy Green and then go to the Wayland .
go to Simmons Quadrangle and then go to the University Hall .
go to College Green and then go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to Sayles Hall and then go to the Finlandia .
go to Finlandia and then go to the Rhode Island Hall .
go to Rhode Island Hall and then go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to Wilbour Hall and then go to the University Hall .
go to Barus Building and then go to the Robinson Hall .
go to Medical Research Lab and then go to the John Hay Library .
go to College Green and then go to the Kassar House .
go to Lot 18 and then go to the Brown Bear .
go to Van Wickle Gates and then go to the Lippit House .
go to Sears and then go to the Barus Building .
go to Brown University Sciences Library and then go to the J.W. Wilson .
go to P-131317 and then go to the Marston Hall .
go to Class of 1887 Gate and then go to the Robinson Hall .
go to Swearer Center for Public Service and then go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to P-131317 and then go to the Maxcy Green .
go to Maxcy Hall and then go to the Wayland .
go to William Goddard Memorial Gate and then go to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to Idee di pietra and then go to the Simmons Quadrangle .
go to Wilbour Hall and then go to the Lot 17 .
go to Brown Center for Students of Color and then go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to Brown Center for Students of Color and then go to the Lippit House .
go to John Hay Library and then go to the Maxcy Hall .
go to Lyman Hall and then go to the Class of 1887 Gate .
go to Walter Hall and then go to the BERT .
go to Untitled Lamp/Bear and then go to the Wriston Quad .
go to Metcalf Research Building and then go to the Lot 17 .
go to Slater Hall and then go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to Class of 1872 Gate and then go to the Class of 1887 Gate .
go to John Nicholas Brown Gate and then go to the Prospect House .
go to List Art Building and then go to the Campus Market .
go to Gardner House and then go to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to Hope College and then go to the Wilbour Hall .
go to Simmons Quadrangle and then go to the Campus Market .
go to Horace Mann House and then go to the Marcus Aurelius .
go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate and then go to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to Slater Hall and then go to the Maddock Alumni  .
go to Hope College and then go to the Walter Hall .
go to Rhode Island Hall and then go to the Metcalf Research Building .
go to Brown Bear and then go to the Kassar House .
go to War Memorial and then go to the John Hay Library .
go to Lippit House and then go to the Blue Room .
go to Marcus Aurelius and then go to the Slavery Memorial .
go to Circle Dance Sculpture and then go to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to Casey Shearer Memorial and then go to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to Lot 76 and then go to the Lippit House .
go to Brown University and then go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to Metcalf Research Building and then go to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to Prospect House and then go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to Horace Mann House and then go to the Brown University Sciences Library .
go to Soldiers Memorial Gate and then go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to Maddock Alumni  and then go to the Carrie Tower .
go to Soldiers Memorial Gate and then go to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to Salomon Center for Teaching and then go to the Slater Hall .
go to Robinson Gate and then go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to BERT and then go to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to Watson Center for Information Technology and then go to the Hughes Court .
go to Wriston Quad and then go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to Rhode Island Hall and then go to the Hope College .
go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate and then go to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to Watson Center for Information Technology and then go to the Citizen's Bank .
go to Swearer Center for Public Service and then go to the Campus Market .
go to Quiet Green and then go to the Hegeman .
go to Circle Dance Sculpture and then go to the Lippit House .
go to Salomon Center for Teaching and then go to the Barus Building .
go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority and then go to the Urban Environmental Lab .
go to Campus Market and then go to the Slater Hall .
go to War Memorial and then go to the Gardner House .
go to Faunce House and then go to the Idee di pietra .
go to Lot 17 and then go to the Norwood House .
go to Barus Building and then go to the BERT .
go to Sayles Hall and then go to the Marston Hall .
go to Robinson Hall and then go to the Caswell Hall .
go to Watson Center for Information Technology and then go to the Walter Hall .
go to Mencoff Hall and then go to the Shirley Miller House .
go to Van Wickle Gates and then go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to Sharpe Refectory and then go to the Marston Hall .
go to Lot 18 and then go to the Wriston Quad .
go to Wayland and then go to the 86 Waterman  .
go to Van Wickle Gates and then go to the Medical Research Lab .
go to John Hay Library and then go to the BERT .
go to Norwood House and then go to the Maxcy Green .
go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology and then go to the Shirley Miller House .
go to Brown Center for Students of Color and then go to the University Hall .
go to Friedman Hall and then go to the Campus Market .
go to Faunce House and then go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to Caswell Hall and then go to the Campus Market .
go to John Hay Library and then go to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to Sharpe Refectory and then go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to Saint Stephens Church and then go to the Shirley Miller House .
go to the List Art Building through Idee di pietra .
go to the Carrie Tower through John Hay Library .
go to the Carrie Tower through Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to the Robinson Gate through Sayles Hall .
go to the John Hay Library through Brown Bear .
go to the Lyman Hall through BERT .
go to the Lot 17 through Brown University Sciences Library .
go to the Mencoff Hall through Prince Engineering Lab .
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall through University Hall .
go to the Brown University Sciences Library through Rhode Island Hall .
go to the BERT through John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to the Class of 1887 Gate through BERT .
go to the Circle Dance Sculpture through 86 Waterman  .
go to the Maxcy Green through Rhode Island Hall .
go to the Van Wickle Gates through Littlefield Hall .
go to the John Hay Library through BERT .
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority through Class of 1887 Gate .
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching through Idee di pietra .
go to the Swearer Center for Public Service through Robinson Hall .
go to the Quiet Green through University Hall .
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color through Finlandia .
go to the Metcalf Research Building through BERT .
go to the College Green through Minden Hall .
go to the Campus Market through Marcus Aurelius .
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ through Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority through Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to the Brown Bear through Metcalf Research Building .
go to the Norwood House through Minden Hall .
go to the College Green through Saint Stephens Church .
go to the Faunce House through Barus Building .
go to the Arnold Laboratory through Brown Bear .
go to the Wilbour Hall through Lot 17 .
go to the John Hay Library through Van Wickle Gates .
go to the War Memorial through Blue Room .
go to the List Art Building through Maxcy Green .
go to the Brown University Sciences Library through Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate through Starbucks .
go to the Carrie Tower through Littlefield Hall .
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ through Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to the Lyman Hall through Campus Market .
go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear through Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to the Medical Research Lab through Citizen's Bank .
go to the Lincoln Field Building through Rhode Island Hall .
go to the Van Wickle Gates through Faunce House .
go to the List Art Building through Class of 1872 Gate .
go to the Citizen's Bank through Minden Hall .
go to the Horace Mann House through Maxcy Green .
go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate through Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to the The Ivy Room through Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority through Urban Environmental Lab .
go to the Gardner House through Quiet Green .
move to the Salomon Center for Teaching , travelling through P-131317 .
move to the Watson Center for Information Technology , travelling through Walter Hall .
move to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall , travelling through Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
move to the Brown University , travelling through Sharpe Refectory .
move to the Van Wickle Gates , travelling through Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
move to the Hegeman , travelling through College Green .
move to the Prince Engineering Lab , travelling through Kassar House .
move to the Rockefeller Library , travelling through Slater Hall .
move to the Maddock Alumni  , travelling through Class of 1887 Gate .
move to the Wilbour Hall , travelling through Carrie Tower .
move to the Urban Environmental Lab , travelling through Maxcy Green .
move to the Salomon Center for Teaching , travelling through Urban Environmental Lab .
move to the Caswell Hall , travelling through War Memorial .
move to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology , travelling through Medical Research Lab .
move to the Citizen's Bank , travelling through Lyman Hall .
move to the Van Wickle Gates , travelling through Marcus Aurelius .
move to the Wayland , travelling through The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
move to the Maxcy Green , travelling through Kassar House .
move to the Prince Engineering Lab , travelling through Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
move to the Urban Environmental Lab , travelling through Brown Bear .
move to the John Carter Brown Library , travelling through Minden Hall .
move to the Wriston Quad , travelling through Friedman Hall .
move to the Citizen's Bank , travelling through Manning .
move to the Lot 18 , travelling through John Hay Library .
move to the Prince Engineering Lab , travelling through William Goddard Memorial Gate .
move to the Van Wickle Gates , travelling through Finlandia .
move to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority , travelling through Brown Bear .
move to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ , travelling through Robinson Gate .
move to the Robinson Hall , travelling through Lot 18 .
move to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ , travelling through Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
move to the Lot 18 , travelling through Wriston Quad .
move to the Maxcy Green , travelling through Lot 18 .
move to the College Green , travelling through Maddock Alumni  .
move to the Watson Center for Information Technology , travelling through 67 George .
move to the Quiet Green , travelling through Medical Research Lab .
move to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority , travelling through Carrie Tower .
move to the Wayland , travelling through The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
move to the Urban Environmental Lab , travelling through Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
move to the Slavery Memorial , travelling through Rockefeller Library .
move to the Soldiers Memorial Gate , travelling through Campus Market .
move to the Class of 1887 Gate , travelling through Maxcy Green .
move to the John Hay Library , travelling through J.W. Wilson .
move to the Lot 18 , travelling through Brown University .
move to the The Ivy Room , travelling through Finlandia .
move to the Sears , travelling through Lot 76 .
move to the Maxcy Green , travelling through Littlefield Hall .
move to the Horace Mann House , travelling through University Hall .
move to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences , travelling through Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
move to the Lincoln Field Building , travelling through 86 Waterman  .
move to the William Goddard Memorial Gate , travelling through Marcus Aurelius .
move to the Urban Environmental Lab , travelling through William Goddard Memorial Gate .
move to the Rhode Island Hall , travelling through Minden Hall .
move to the Lincoln Field Building , travelling through Norwood House .
move to the John Hay Library , travelling through Finlandia .
move to the Prince Engineering Lab , travelling through Hegeman .
move to the 86 Waterman  , travelling through Brown Center for Students of Color .
move to the Starbucks , travelling through Marcus Aurelius .
move to the Saint Stephens Church , travelling through Hope College .
pass through Hope College before going to the Gardner House .
pass through Campus Market before going to the Wriston Quad .
pass through 86 Waterman  before going to the Barus Building .
pass through Horace Mann House before going to the Gardner House .
pass through Brown Bear before going to the Brown Bear .
pass through Prospect House before going to the Finlandia .
pass through War Memorial before going to the Saint Stephens Church .
pass through College Green before going to the Lot 18 .
pass through Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology before going to the Lot 76 .
pass through Casey Shearer Memorial before going to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
pass through Wayland before going to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
pass through Van Wickle Gates before going to the John Hay Library .
pass through Robinson Gate before going to the Slater Hall .
pass through Campus Market before going to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
pass through Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology before going to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
pass through Norwood House before going to the Lippit House .
pass through Sayles Hall before going to the Prospect House .
pass through Marcus Aurelius before going to the Hegeman .
pass through College Green before going to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
pass through Littlefield Hall before going to the Brown Bear .
pass through Arnold Laboratory before going to the Class of 1872 Gate .
pass through Marcus Aurelius before going to the Slavery Memorial .
pass through Van Wickle Gates before going to the Marcus Aurelius .
pass through Wayland before going to the Lot 18 .
pass through Brown Bear before going to the John Carter Brown Library .
pass through Brown University before going to the Manning .
pass through Quiet Green before going to the University Hall .
pass through Caswell Hall before going to the Walter Hall .
pass through Casey Shearer Memorial before going to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
pass through Sayles Hall before going to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
pass through University Hall before going to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
pass through John Hay Library before going to the Carrie Tower .
pass through Sharpe Refectory before going to the Lippit House .
pass through Lot 76 before going to the Medical Research Lab .
pass through Shirley Miller House before going to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
pass through Manning before going to the University Hall .
pass through Lippit House before going to the Littlefield Hall .
pass through Blue Room before going to the Lippit House .
pass through Class of 1887 Gate before going to the 86 Waterman  .
pass through Lot 76 before going to the John Carter Brown Library .
pass through Van Wickle Gates before going to the Gardner House .
pass through Campus Market before going to the Slater Hall .
pass through Starbucks before going to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
pass through Finlandia before going to the Brown University .
pass through Quiet Green before going to the Carrie Tower .
pass through Starbucks before going to the Brown University Sciences Library .
pass through P-131317 before going to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
pass through Lot 18 before going to the University Hall .
pass through Littlefield Hall before going to the Brown Bear .
pass through Hegeman before going to the Mencoff Hall .
pass through Littlefield Hall before going to the Lincoln Field Building .
pass through Hughes Court before going to the Metcalf Research Building .
pass through Wriston Quad before going to the Mencoff Hall .
pass through Watson Center for Information Technology before going to the Wriston Quad .
pass through Slavery Memorial before going to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
pass through Saint Stephens Church before going to the Arnold Laboratory .
pass through Metcalf Research Building on your way to the Prince Engineering Lab .
pass through William Goddard Memorial Gate on your way to the Class of 1887 Gate .
pass through Wriston Quad on your way to the Idee di pietra .
pass through Faunce House on your way to the Urban Environmental Lab .
pass through Barus Building on your way to the Brown University Sciences Library .
pass through Medical Research Lab on your way to the Citizen's Bank .
pass through Sharpe Refectory on your way to the Minden Hall .
pass through Lot 18 on your way to the J.W. Wilson .
pass through Salomon Center for Teaching on your way to the Lippit House .
pass through Class of 1887 Gate on your way to the Idee di pietra .
pass through Friedman Hall on your way to the 67 George .
pass through Rhode Island Hall on your way to the Van Wickle Gates .
pass through Wriston Quad on your way to the Shirley Miller House .
pass through Hope College on your way to the Maxcy Green .
pass through Barus Building on your way to the University Hall .
pass through Simmons Quadrangle on your way to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
pass through John Nicholas Brown Gate on your way to the Finlandia .
pass through Faunce House on your way to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
pass through Brown University on your way to the Wriston Quad .
pass through Mencoff Hall on your way to the Minden Hall .
pass through Lot 18 on your way to the Walter Hall .
pass through Hope College on your way to the Brown Bear .
pass through Barus Building on your way to the Lot 18 .
pass through Littlefield Hall on your way to the Idee di pietra .
pass through Rhode Island Hall on your way to the Lyman Hall .
pass through Brown University on your way to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
pass through Medical Research Lab on your way to the Sears .
pass through Brown Center for Students of Color on your way to the Class of 1887 Gate .
pass through Sears on your way to the Slater Hall .
pass through Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity on your way to the Medical Research Lab .
pass through Sears on your way to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
pass through Walter Hall on your way to the Hegeman .
pass through Kassar House on your way to the Class of 1887 Gate .
pass through Untitled Lamp/Bear on your way to the College Green .
pass through Swearer Center for Public Service on your way to the Manning .
pass through Maxcy Hall on your way to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
pass through Manning on your way to the Sears .
pass through Sayles Hall on your way to the 67 George .
pass through Marston Hall on your way to the Urban Environmental Lab .
pass through Sharpe Refectory on your way to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
pass through Marston Hall on your way to the John Hay Library .
pass through Sears on your way to the Lippit House .
pass through Blue Room on your way to the J.W. Wilson .
pass through Minden Hall on your way to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
pass through 86 Waterman  on your way to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
pass through Hope College on your way to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
pass through Friedman Hall on your way to the Robinson Gate .
pass through Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity on your way to the Sayles Hall .
pass through Robinson Hall on your way to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
pass through Marcus Aurelius on your way to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
pass through Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences on your way to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
pass through Kassar House on your way to the Caswell Hall .
pass through Prince Engineering Lab on your way to the Manning .
pass through Citizen's Bank on your way to the Brown University Sciences Library .
pass through Circle Dance Sculpture on your way to the Robinson Gate .
pass through Wayland on your way to the Lot 76 .
pass through Faunce House on your way to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
pass through Campus Market on your way to the The Ivy Room .
pass through William Goddard Memorial Gate on your way to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
pass through Urban Environmental Lab on your way to the Maxcy Green .
go through Van Wickle Gates and then to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go through John Hay Library and then to the Citizen's Bank .
go through Saint Stephens Church and then to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go through The Ivy Room and then to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go through War Memorial and then to the Caswell Hall .
go through Urban Environmental Lab and then to the Starbucks .
go through Brown Center for Students of Color and then to the Lot 18 .
go through Class of 1887 Gate and then to the Carrie Tower .
go through University Hall and then to the Brown University Sciences Library .
go through John Hay Library and then to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go through Walter Hall and then to the Sharpe Refectory .
go through Citizen's Bank and then to the Saint Stephens Church .
go through The Ivy Room and then to the Lincoln Field Building .
go through Brown Bear and then to the Maxcy Green .
go through Casey Shearer Memorial and then to the Starbucks .
go through Van Wickle Gates and then to the Quiet Green .
go through William Goddard Memorial Gate and then to the Medical Research Lab .
go through Watson Center for Information Technology and then to the John Hay Library .
go through Casey Shearer Memorial and then to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go through Sayles Hall and then to the Shirley Miller House .
go through Blue Room and then to the Faunce House .
go through Shirley Miller House and then to the Maxcy Green .
go through Wriston Quad and then to the Brown University Sciences Library .
go through J.W. Wilson and then to the Mencoff Hall .
go through Slavery Memorial and then to the Class of 1872 Gate .
go through William Goddard Memorial Gate and then to the Brown University Sciences Library .
go through Lot 76 and then to the Friedman Hall .
go through Kassar House and then to the Faunce House .
go through Rockefeller Library and then to the Walter Hall .
go through Alpha Chi Omega Sorority and then to the Brown Bear .
go through Walter Hall and then to the Van Wickle Gates .
go through Hughes Court and then to the Carrie Tower .
go through Friedman Hall and then to the Barus Building .
go through Walter Hall and then to the Wriston Quad .
go through Brown University Sciences Library and then to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go through Manning and then to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go through Circle Dance Sculpture and then to the Blue Room .
go through Lot 17 and then to the P-131317 .
go through Minden Hall and then to the Citizen's Bank .
go through Morgan Witter Rogers Gate and then to the Marston Hall .
go through Maxcy Hall and then to the Citizen's Bank .
go through Lot 17 and then to the Marston Hall .
go through Brown Bear and then to the Arnold Laboratory .
go through Barus Building and then to the Class of 1887 Gate .
go through Carrie Tower and then to the Marston Hall .
go through Wayland and then to the Blue Room .
go through Faunce House and then to the Idee di pietra .
go through Carrie Tower and then to the Sayles Hall .
go through Lot 17 and then to the 86 Waterman  .
go through Maxcy Hall and then to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go through Faunce House and then to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go through Hughes Court to the Norwood House .
go through Prince Engineering Lab to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go through Lyman Hall to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go through The Ivy Room to the Rockefeller Library .
go through 86 Waterman  to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go through Idee di pietra to the Maxcy Hall .
go through Salomon Center for Teaching to the Van Wickle Gates .
go through Brown Center for Students of Color to the List Art Building .
go through Starbucks to the Idee di pietra .
go through Lot 76 to the J.W. Wilson .
go through Saint Stephens Church to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go through Lot 17 to the Wriston Quad .
go through The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ to the P-131317 .
go through Urban Environmental Lab to the Robinson Hall .
go through Maddock Alumni  to the Marcus Aurelius .
go through Medical Research Lab to the Wayland .
go through Citizen's Bank to the Maxcy Green .
go through Walter Hall to the Sayles Hall .
go through Kassar House to the Idee di pietra .
go through Starbucks to the Faunce House .
go through Blue Room to the Friedman Hall .
go through Swearer Center for Public Service to the Norwood House .
go through Soldiers Memorial Gate to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go through Friedman Hall to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go through Maxcy Green to the Minden Hall .
go through Class of 1872 Gate to the Sayles Hall .
go through John Carter Brown Library to the Carrie Tower .
go through Alpha Chi Omega Sorority to the Starbucks .
go through Urban Environmental Lab to the Shirley Miller House .
go through Lyman Hall to the Faunce House .
go through Lot 18 to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go through Littlefield Hall to the Urban Environmental Lab .
go through Van Wickle Gates to the Brown Bear .
go through William Goddard Memorial Gate to the Robinson Hall .
go through Marston Hall to the Van Wickle Gates .
go through Alpha Chi Omega Sorority to the Medical Research Lab .
go through Alpha Chi Omega Sorority to the Sharpe Refectory .
go through Prince Engineering Lab to the Metcalf Research Building .
go through Shirley Miller House to the Marston Hall .
go through Sayles Hall to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go through Brown Center for Students of Color to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go through Brown Center for Students of Color to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go through Salomon Center for Teaching to the Wriston Quad .
go through Alpha Chi Omega Sorority to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go through Soldiers Memorial Gate to the Finlandia .
go through Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go through Campus Market to the Walter Hall .
go through Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go through GeoChem and Macmillian Hall to the Saint Stephens Church .
go through Brown University Sciences Library to the Littlefield Hall .
go through Casey Shearer Memorial to the Brown Bear .
go through Circle Dance Sculpture to the Wayland .
go through Shirley Miller House to the Lot 18 .
go through John Nicholas Brown Gate to the Horace Mann House .
go through List Art Building to the Robinson Gate .
go through Sayles Hall to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go through Campus Market to the Lincoln Field Building .
go through J.W. Wilson to the Walter Hall .
go through Saint Stephens Church to the Metcalf Research Building .
go through Sayles Hall to the John Hay Library .
go through Rockefeller Library to the Van Wickle Gates .
go through 67 George to the Caswell Hall .
go through Littlefield Hall to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go through Citizen's Bank to the Urban Environmental Lab .
go through Lot 18 to the Idee di pietra .
go through Lot 17 to the Shirley Miller House .
go through Marcus Aurelius to the Sears .
go through GeoChem and Macmillian Hall to the Minden Hall .
go through Brown University Sciences Library to the Littlefield Hall .
go through Brown Center for Students of Color to the Lyman Hall .
go through Sharpe Refectory to the Caswell Hall .
go through Prospect House to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go through Lot 17 to the Sears .
go through Urban Environmental Lab to the Shirley Miller House .
go through Lot 76 to the Carrie Tower .
go through Horace Mann House to the Metcalf Research Building .
go through Robinson Gate to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go through Metcalf Research Building to the Robinson Hall .
go through Wayland to the Friedman Hall .
go through Brown University Sciences Library to the Slater Hall .
go through List Art Building to the Rockefeller Library .
go through Sayles Hall to the Wilbour Hall .
go through Lot 18 to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go through Lincoln Field Building to the Prince Engineering Lab .
go through Shirley Miller House to the Hegeman .
go through The Ivy Room to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go through Hegeman to the College Green .
go through John Nicholas Brown Gate to the Citizen's Bank .
go through Robinson Hall to the Van Wickle Gates .
go through Prospect House to the College Green .
go through Marston Hall to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go through Van Wickle Gates to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go through Lincoln Field Building to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go through Wriston Quad to the Finlandia .
go through Marcus Aurelius to the Class of 1887 Gate .
go through Van Wickle Gates to the Brown Bear .
go through P-131317 to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go through War Memorial to the Gardner House .
go through Walter Hall to the Marcus Aurelius .
go through Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go through Manning to the Class of 1887 Gate .
go through Maddock Alumni  to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go through Manning to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go through Brown Bear to the 86 Waterman  .
go through Class of 1872 Gate to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to the Hegeman by going through Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to the Prince Engineering Lab by going through Hope College .
go to the Swearer Center for Public Service by going through John Carter Brown Library .
go to the Gardner House by going through Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to the Brown University by going through Slater Hall .
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology by going through The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to the University Hall by going through Sharpe Refectory .
go to the BERT by going through Carrie Tower .
go to the Robinson Gate by going through Faunce House .
go to the Rhode Island Hall by going through 86 Waterman  .
go to the Robinson Gate by going through P-131317 .
go to the Gardner House by going through Urban Environmental Lab .
go to the Friedman Hall by going through Carrie Tower .
go to the Starbucks by going through Citizen's Bank .
go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear by going through Lincoln Field Building .
go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate by going through Rockefeller Library .
go to the Citizen's Bank by going through Saint Stephens Church .
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color by going through Maddock Alumni  .
go to the Marston Hall by going through Hughes Court .
go to the List Art Building by going through Prince Engineering Lab .
go to the Swearer Center for Public Service by going through Horace Mann House .
go to the Finlandia by going through Maxcy Hall .
go to the Wilbour Hall by going through Caswell Hall .
go to the Brown Bear by going through Littlefield Hall .
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color by going through Brown University Sciences Library .
go to the Idee di pietra by going through Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to the Van Wickle Gates by going through Hope College .
go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate by going through Caswell Hall .
go to the Wriston Quad by going through Norwood House .
go to the Hope College by going through Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to the Citizen's Bank by going through Starbucks .
go to the Campus Market by going through Shirley Miller House .
go to the Urban Environmental Lab by going through Marcus Aurelius .
go to the Prospect House by going through Metcalf Research Building .
go to the Wriston Quad by going through The Ivy Room .
go to the Circle Dance Sculpture by going through Kassar House .
go to the Mencoff Hall by going through Lyman Hall .
go to the Manning by going through Wayland .
go to the J.W. Wilson by going through War Memorial .
go to the Casey Shearer Memorial by going through Hughes Court .
go to the Prospect House by going through Hope College .
go to the Gardner House by going through Rhode Island Hall .
go to the Simmons Quadrangle by going through The Ivy Room .
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching by going through Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to the Lincoln Field Building by going through Gardner House .
go to the Lot 76 by going through The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to the Maddock Alumni  by going through Kassar House .
go to the Metcalf Research Building by going through Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to the Van Wickle Gates by going through Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to the Circle Dance Sculpture by going through Norwood House .
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity by going through Campus Market .
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority by going through Lot 17 .
go to the Swearer Center for Public Service by going through Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to List Art Building then go to the Sears .
go to Starbucks then go to the Barus Building .
go to Lippit House then go to the 86 Waterman  .
go to J.W. Wilson then go to the P-131317 .
go to Mencoff Hall then go to the Gardner House .
go to Maxcy Green then go to the Mencoff Hall .
go to Mencoff Hall then go to the Starbucks .
go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority then go to the Marcus Aurelius .
go to Citizen's Bank then go to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology then go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to Kassar House then go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to University Hall then go to the Kassar House .
go to Sears then go to the Lincoln Field Building .
go to Hope College then go to the 67 George .
go to Horace Mann House then go to the Littlefield Hall .
go to Gardner House then go to the Friedman Hall .
go to Brown Center for Students of Color then go to the Wilbour Hall .
go to J.W. Wilson then go to the BERT .
go to War Memorial then go to the Marcus Aurelius .
go to Wayland then go to the Minden Hall .
go to Quiet Green then go to the Class of 1887 Gate .
go to Norwood House then go to the Arnold Laboratory .
go to Horace Mann House then go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to J.W. Wilson then go to the Lot 76 .
go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences then go to the John Carter Brown Library .
go to Brown Center for Students of Color then go to the Sayles Hall .
go to Hughes Court then go to the Robinson Gate .
go to Class of 1887 Gate then go to the Marcus Aurelius .
go to Rhode Island Hall then go to the Starbucks .
go to 67 George then go to the Walter Hall .
go to Marston Hall then go to the Marcus Aurelius .
go to Brown University then go to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate then go to the Walter Hall .
go to Marcus Aurelius then go to the University Hall .
go to Marcus Aurelius then go to the Blue Room .
go to Kassar House then go to the Medical Research Lab .
go to Van Wickle Gates then go to the Blue Room .
go to Brown Bear then go to the John Carter Brown Library .
go to Kassar House then go to the Slater Hall .
go to Lot 18 then go to the Friedman Hall .
go to Wayland then go to the Marston Hall .
go to Swearer Center for Public Service then go to the University Hall .
go to John Carter Brown Library then go to the Faunce House .
go to Slavery Memorial then go to the Brown Bear .
go to John Hay Library then go to the Slater Hall .
go to College Green then go to the Blue Room .
go to Van Wickle Gates then go to the Brown University Sciences Library .
go to Wayland then go to the Prospect House .
go to Arnold Laboratory then go to the 86 Waterman  .
go to Littlefield Hall then go to the Slater Hall .
go to Brown University Sciences Library then go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to 67 George then go to the Wilbour Hall .
go to Kassar House then go to the Lyman Hall .
go to the Blue Room through Walter Hall .
go to the Manning through Barus Building .
go to the 86 Waterman  through J.W. Wilson .
go to the Horace Mann House through Urban Environmental Lab .
go to the Brown University through Hughes Court .
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall through Slavery Memorial .
go to the Saint Stephens Church through Hegeman .
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology through John Hay Library .
go to the College Green through Robinson Hall .
go to the Urban Environmental Lab through Lyman Hall .
go to the Prospect House through Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop through Shirley Miller House .
go to the J.W. Wilson through Gardner House .
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color through Sears .
go to the University Hall through Robinson Gate .
go to the Brown Bear through Gardner House .
go to the 86 Waterman  through Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to the Brown Bear through Kassar House .
go to the Saint Stephens Church through Lyman Hall .
go to the Van Wickle Gates through Lippit House .
go to the War Memorial through 86 Waterman  .
go to the Shirley Miller House through Hegeman .
go to the Lippit House through Sayles Hall .
go to the Brown Bear through Sears .
go to the Simmons Quadrangle through Medical Research Lab .
go to the Rhode Island Hall through Rockefeller Library .
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ through Marston Hall .
go to the Wayland through Slavery Memorial .
go to the Mencoff Hall through Simmons Quadrangle .
go to the Caswell Hall through Quiet Green .
go to the Faunce House through Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to the Circle Dance Sculpture through John Carter Brown Library .
go to the Blue Room through Finlandia .
go to the Littlefield Hall through Sayles Hall .
go to the Caswell Hall through Saint Stephens Church .
go to the John Carter Brown Library through Blue Room .
go to the Quiet Green through Lippit House .
go to the Prospect House through Prince Engineering Lab .
go to the Rockefeller Library through Lot 17 .
go to the War Memorial through Maxcy Green .
go to the Urban Environmental Lab through Hope College .
go to the Idee di pietra through Arnold Laboratory .
go to the Class of 1887 Gate through Starbucks .
go to the Brown Bear through Hughes Court .
go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate through Caswell Hall .
go to the Campus Market through John Hay Library .
go to the Brown University through Maddock Alumni  .
go to the John Hay Library through Horace Mann House .
go to the Sears through Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to the Simmons Quadrangle through 86 Waterman  .
go to the Robinson Hall through Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to the Slater Hall through The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity through Class of 1872 Gate .
go to the List Art Building through Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to the Arnold Laboratory through Lyman Hall .
go to the Circle Dance Sculpture through Mencoff Hall .
go to the Swearer Center for Public Service through Maxcy Hall .
go to the Lot 18 through Class of 1872 Gate .
go to the Sayles Hall through Faunce House .
go to the Arnold Laboratory through Saint Stephens Church .
go to the Carrie Tower through War Memorial
go to the Slater Hall through Mencoff Hall
go to the List Art Building through University Hall
go to the Lincoln Field Building through Prince Engineering Lab
go to the Maxcy Hall through Lot 18
go to the Rhode Island Hall through Arnold Laboratory
go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate through Lot 18
go to the Slater Hall through Brown Bear
go to the Brown University through Norwood House
go to the Brown Bear through 86 Waterman 
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority through Lot 76
go to the P-131317 through Barus Building
go to the Brown University through Lot 17
go to the Metcalf Research Building through Prince Engineering Lab
go to the Prospect House through Maxcy Green
go to the Simmons Quadrangle through Shirley Miller House
go to the Rockefeller Library through Urban Environmental Lab
go to the Metcalf Research Building through GeoChem and Macmillian Hall
go to the Shirley Miller House through Wriston Quad
go to the Wilbour Hall through William Goddard Memorial Gate
go to the BERT through Sharpe Refectory
go to the John Carter Brown Library through Brown Center for Students of Color
go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate through Van Wickle Gates
go to the Shirley Miller House through Morgan Witter Rogers Gate
go to the 86 Waterman  through Saint Stephens Church
go to the Casey Shearer Memorial through College Green
go to the 86 Waterman  through Minden Hall
go to the Wayland through Lot 18
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop through Lot 17
go to the Swearer Center for Public Service through Wayland
go to the Class of 1872 Gate through Morgan Witter Rogers Gate
go to the Slavery Memorial through Lincoln Field Building
go to the List Art Building through Robinson Hall
go to the Citizen's Bank through Littlefield Hall
go to the John Hay Library through The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ
go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences through Swearer Center for Public Service
go to the Quiet Green through Maxcy Green
go to the Lippit House through War Memorial
go to the Lyman Hall through Friedman Hall
go to the Lot 18 through Friedman Hall
go to the List Art Building through Morgan Witter Rogers Gate
go to the Metcalf Research Building through Blue Room
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop through Urban Environmental Lab
go to the Littlefield Hall through John Hay Library
go to the Caswell Hall through Prospect House
go to the Maddock Alumni  through Alpha Chi Omega Sorority
go to the Marcus Aurelius through Morgan Witter Rogers Gate
go to the Caswell Hall through Morgan Witter Rogers Gate
go to the Rockefeller Library through Walter Hall
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching through Robinson Hall
go to the Hegeman through Brown Center for Students of Color
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority through Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop
go through University Hall to the Rockefeller Library .
go through Lippit House to the Hughes Court .
go through Hughes Court to the P-131317 .
go through Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go through 67 George to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go through 67 George to the Marcus Aurelius .
go through Slavery Memorial to the Wriston Quad .
go through Slavery Memorial to the Brown Bear .
go through Brown University to the 67 George .
go through Caswell Hall to the Blue Room .
go through Maxcy Green to the Wayland .
go through Kassar House to the Van Wickle Gates .
go through Hegeman to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go through College Green to the Lippit House .
go through Gardner House to the Van Wickle Gates .
go through Blue Room to the Horace Mann House .
go through Arnold Laboratory to the Marcus Aurelius .
go through Wilbour Hall to the Campus Market .
go through BERT to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
go through Norwood House to the Minden Hall .
go through Brown Center for Students of Color to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
go through Marcus Aurelius to the Brown Bear .
go through Sharpe Refectory to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go through J.W. Wilson to the Wriston Quad .
go through John Nicholas Brown Gate to the P-131317 .
go through Salomon Center for Teaching to the 67 George .
go through John Hay Library to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go through Brown University to the Shirley Miller House .
go through Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity to the Slavery Memorial .
go through Kassar House to the Quiet Green .
go through Hegeman to the P-131317 .
go through Gardner House to the J.W. Wilson .
go through Barus Building to the Citizen's Bank .
go through Van Wickle Gates to the Horace Mann House .
go through Wilbour Hall to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go through Gardner House to the The Ivy Room .
go through Lot 17 to the Gardner House .
go through Lot 17 to the Maxcy Green .
go through GeoChem and Macmillian Hall to the Medical Research Lab .
go through 86 Waterman  to the Simmons Quadrangle .
go through John Hay Library to the Shirley Miller House .
go through Maddock Alumni  to the Mencoff Hall .
go through Robinson Gate to the Faunce House .
go through Class of 1872 Gate to the Citizen's Bank .
go through Medical Research Lab to the Gardner House .
go through Slater Hall to the Lot 18 .
go through Shirley Miller House to the Slater Hall .
go through Marston Hall to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go through Citizen's Bank to the Urban Environmental Lab .
go through Metcalf Research Building to the Norwood House .
go through Maxcy Green to the Marston Hall .
go through Slater Hall to the Maddock Alumni  .
go through List Art Building to the Barus Building .
go through Blue Room to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
go through 67 George to the Faunce House .
go through Lot 17 to the Walter Hall .
go through Wayland to the Caswell Hall .
go through Wayland to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to John Nicholas Brown Gate , then head to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to Quiet Green , then head to the The Ivy Room .
go to P-131317 , then head to the Lot 76 .
go to Sayles Hall , then head to the John Hay Library .
go to Circle Dance Sculpture , then head to the 67 George .
go to Starbucks , then head to the Finlandia .
go to BERT , then head to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to Metcalf Research Building , then head to the Maxcy Green .
go to BERT , then head to the Quiet Green .
go to Arnold Laboratory , then head to the Faunce House .
go to Arnold Laboratory , then head to the Quiet Green .
go to 86 Waterman  , then head to the Quiet Green .
go to Campus Market , then head to the Simmons Quadrangle .
go to Minden Hall , then head to the Prospect House .
go to Hope College , then head to the Citizen's Bank .
go to BERT , then head to the Blue Room .
go to Watson Center for Information Technology , then head to the Urban Environmental Lab .
go to Sharpe Refectory , then head to the Simmons Quadrangle .
go to Simmons Quadrangle , then head to the Sears .
go to Van Wickle Gates , then head to the Hegeman .
go to Faunce House , then head to the Marston Hall .
go to Class of 1872 Gate , then head to the Kassar House .
go to Idee di pietra , then head to the 67 George .
go to Medical Research Lab , then head to the Shirley Miller House .
go to Prince Engineering Lab , then head to the Marcus Aurelius .
go to Starbucks , then head to the Sharpe Refectory .
go to University Hall , then head to the John Carter Brown Library .
go to University Hall , then head to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to Maxcy Hall , then head to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to Rockefeller Library , then head to the Lincoln Field Building .
go to Urban Environmental Lab , then head to the Manning .
go to Prince Engineering Lab , then head to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to Carrie Tower , then head to the Brown University .
go to Norwood House , then head to the Lot 17 .
go to Wayland , then head to the Hope College .
go to Quiet Green , then head to the John Hay Library .
go to Swearer Center for Public Service , then head to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ , then head to the Saint Stephens Church .
go to Brown University Sciences Library , then head to the Arnold Laboratory .
go to Arnold Laboratory , then head to the Sharpe Refectory .
go to Wilbour Hall , then head to the Lippit House .
go to Hughes Court , then head to the Class of 1887 Gate .
go to Caswell Hall , then head to the Barus Building .
go to College Green , then head to the P-131317 .
go to Brown Bear , then head to the Brown Bear .
go to Class of 1887 Gate , then head to the Hegeman .
go to Idee di pietra , then head to the The Ivy Room .
go to Walter Hall , then head to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to Van Wickle Gates , then head to the Marston Hall .
go to Van Wickle Gates , then head to the Friedman Hall .
go to Arnold Laboratory , then head to the Brown University .
go to Van Wickle Gates , then head to the Class of 1887 Gate .
go to Rockefeller Library , then head to the Maxcy Hall .
go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity , then head to the Urban Environmental Lab .
go to Robinson Gate , then head to the Urban Environmental Lab .
go to Campus Market , then head to the Faunce House .
go to John Carter Brown Library , then head to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to Maxcy Green , then head to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to Finlandia , then head to the 86 Waterman  .
go to Citizen's Bank before going to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to William Goddard Memorial Gate before going to the Horace Mann House .
go to John Hay Library before going to the Littlefield Hall .
go to Sharpe Refectory before going to the Norwood House .
go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop before going to the Lyman Hall .
go to Horace Mann House before going to the Lot 76 .
go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences before going to the P-131317 .
go to Rockefeller Library before going to the P-131317 .
go to Blue Room before going to the University Hall .
go to John Nicholas Brown Gate before going to the Campus Market .
go to Idee di pietra before going to the Medical Research Lab .
go to Untitled Lamp/Bear before going to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to John Nicholas Brown Gate before going to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to Caswell Hall before going to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to John Hay Library before going to the Friedman Hall .
go to Brown Bear before going to the Saint Stephens Church .
go to Sharpe Refectory before going to the Idee di pietra .
go to University Hall before going to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to Manning before going to the Barus Building .
go to Brown Bear before going to the Mencoff Hall .
go to Lincoln Field Building before going to the The Ivy Room .
go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall before going to the Lot 18 .
go to Swearer Center for Public Service before going to the Wilbour Hall .
go to Hope College before going to the John Hay Library .
go to Robinson Hall before going to the John Hay Library .
go to Wilbour Hall before going to the Walter Hall .
go to Gardner House before going to the Maddock Alumni  .
go to 67 George before going to the John Hay Library .
go to Caswell Hall before going to the College Green .
go to Simmons Quadrangle before going to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to Soldiers Memorial Gate before going to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to Lot 76 before going to the Brown Bear .
go to The Ivy Room before going to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to Class of 1887 Gate before going to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to List Art Building before going to the Carrie Tower .
go to Hope College before going to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to Medical Research Lab before going to the Prospect House .
go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority before going to the Rhode Island Hall .
go to Caswell Hall before going to the Class of 1887 Gate .
go to William Goddard Memorial Gate before going to the Class of 1887 Gate .
go to Slavery Memorial before going to the University Hall .
go to John Nicholas Brown Gate before going to the Hope College .
go to 86 Waterman  before going to the John Hay Library .
go to Brown Center for Students of Color before going to the Gardner House .
go to Maxcy Hall before going to the John Carter Brown Library .
go to Urban Environmental Lab before going to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to Hegeman before going to the 67 George .
go to Medical Research Lab before going to the J.W. Wilson .
go to Slater Hall before going to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to Barus Building before going to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to College Green before going to the Urban Environmental Lab .
go to Mencoff Hall before going to the Kassar House .
go to Soldiers Memorial Gate before going to the Brown University .
go through Soldiers Memorial Gate on your way to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go through Sharpe Refectory on your way to the Robinson Gate .
go through Blue Room on your way to the Manning .
go through Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology on your way to the Robinson Gate .
go through Lincoln Field Building on your way to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go through Caswell Hall on your way to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go through Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop on your way to the Arnold Laboratory .
go through Simmons Quadrangle on your way to the Horace Mann House .
go through Norwood House on your way to the 67 George .
go through Salomon Center for Teaching on your way to the List Art Building .
go through Prince Engineering Lab on your way to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go through John Hay Library on your way to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go through Lot 18 on your way to the 67 George .
go through Brown University on your way to the Hegeman .
go through Littlefield Hall on your way to the Campus Market .
go through War Memorial on your way to the Class of 1887 Gate .
go through Slavery Memorial on your way to the Prospect House .
go through Hope College on your way to the Lot 17 .
go through Class of 1872 Gate on your way to the Wriston Quad .
go through Brown Bear on your way to the Lot 17 .
go through Simmons Quadrangle on your way to the Rhode Island Hall .
go through Brown Bear on your way to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go through Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity on your way to the John Hay Library .
go through John Carter Brown Library on your way to the Walter Hall .
go through 86 Waterman  on your way to the John Hay Library .
go through Sears on your way to the Lot 17 .
go through GeoChem and Macmillian Hall on your way to the Robinson Hall .
go through Hegeman on your way to the Brown University Sciences Library .
go through Littlefield Hall on your way to the List Art Building .
go through Class of 1872 Gate on your way to the Finlandia .
go through John Nicholas Brown Gate on your way to the Mencoff Hall .
go through Rockefeller Library on your way to the Van Wickle Gates .
go through Wriston Quad on your way to the Maxcy Hall .
go through Horace Mann House on your way to the Maddock Alumni  .
go through Maxcy Hall on your way to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go through Swearer Center for Public Service on your way to the Brown Bear .
go through William Goddard Memorial Gate on your way to the Walter Hall .
go through Urban Environmental Lab on your way to the Lyman Hall .
go through Saint Stephens Church on your way to the BERT .
go through Norwood House on your way to the 67 George .
go through Friedman Hall on your way to the College Green .
go through Morgan Witter Rogers Gate on your way to the Prospect House .
go through Barus Building on your way to the Brown University Sciences Library .
go through Rockefeller Library on your way to the Brown Bear .
go through Lippit House on your way to the Rhode Island Hall .
go through Prospect House on your way to the John Hay Library .
go through Quiet Green on your way to the 86 Waterman  .
go through The Ivy Room on your way to the Friedman Hall .
go through Urban Environmental Lab on your way to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go through Urban Environmental Lab on your way to the Carrie Tower .
go through Gardner House on your way to the Faunce House .
go through William Goddard Memorial Gate on your way to the Walter Hall .
go through Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity before going to the Kassar House .
go through Maddock Alumni  before going to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go through Hegeman before going to the Littlefield Hall .
go through Finlandia before going to the 67 George .
go through Salomon Center for Teaching before going to the Hope College .
go through Horace Mann House before going to the War Memorial .
go through Saint Stephens Church before going to the Hope College .
go through Campus Market before going to the Gardner House .
go through Finlandia before going to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go through Watson Center for Information Technology before going to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go through Idee di pietra before going to the 67 George .
go through Swearer Center for Public Service before going to the John Hay Library .
go through Horace Mann House before going to the The Ivy Room .
go through Soldiers Memorial Gate before going to the Marcus Aurelius .
go through List Art Building before going to the Lincoln Field Building .
go through Hope College before going to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go through The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ before going to the Faunce House .
go through Alpha Chi Omega Sorority before going to the Simmons Quadrangle .
go through Swearer Center for Public Service before going to the Gardner House .
go through Gardner House before going to the 67 George .
go through Maddock Alumni  before going to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go through University Hall before going to the Horace Mann House .
go through Slavery Memorial before going to the BERT .
go through Swearer Center for Public Service before going to the Van Wickle Gates .
go through Brown Bear before going to the Brown University Sciences Library .
go through Minden Hall before going to the Class of 1872 Gate .
go through Manning before going to the Marston Hall .
go through Prospect House before going to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go through Van Wickle Gates before going to the Van Wickle Gates .
go through Rockefeller Library before going to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go through Alpha Chi Omega Sorority before going to the Manning .
go through Gardner House before going to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go through P-131317 before going to the Caswell Hall .
go through Arnold Laboratory before going to the Friedman Hall .
go through Salomon Center for Teaching before going to the Brown University Sciences Library .
go through Prince Engineering Lab before going to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go through Friedman Hall before going to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go through J.W. Wilson before going to the Horace Mann House .
go through Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop before going to the Brown Bear .
go through Lot 18 before going to the Lot 76 .
go through College Green before going to the Gardner House .
go through Metcalf Research Building before going to the Class of 1872 Gate .
go through Faunce House before going to the University Hall .
go through The Ivy Room before going to the Class of 1872 Gate .
go through Lincoln Field Building before going to the Caswell Hall .
go through The Ivy Room before going to the War Memorial .
go through Saint Stephens Church before going to the Blue Room .
go through Lyman Hall before going to the Prince Engineering Lab .
go through J.W. Wilson before going to the BERT .
go through Simmons Quadrangle before going to the Saint Stephens Church .
go through Manning before going to the Sayles Hall .
go through Gardner House before going to the Metcalf Research Building .
go through 67 George before going to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go through Metcalf Research Building before going to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go through Hope College before going to the The Ivy Room .
go to the Brown University through List Art Building
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity through Hughes Court
go to the Idee di pietra through Salomon Center for Teaching
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority through List Art Building
go to the John Hay Library through Marston Hall
go to the Arnold Laboratory through William Goddard Memorial Gate
go to the Van Wickle Gates through Shirley Miller House
go to the Maxcy Green through J.W. Wilson
go to the Sayles Hall through Marston Hall
go to the Gardner House through Brown University
go to the 86 Waterman  through John Hay Library
go to the Rhode Island Hall through John Carter Brown Library
go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology through Mencoff Hall
go to the Idee di pietra through Brown University Sciences Library
go to the Minden Hall through Sears
go to the The Ivy Room through Wilbour Hall
go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear through Brown University Sciences Library
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ through Maxcy Green
go to the Saint Stephens Church through Quiet Green
go to the Idee di pietra through Brown Bear
go to the Campus Market through The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology through Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences
go to the Class of 1887 Gate through Starbucks
go to the Slavery Memorial through Maddock Alumni 
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop through Prospect House
go to the J.W. Wilson through Swearer Center for Public Service
go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate through Sayles Hall
go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate through War Memorial
go to the Metcalf Research Building through Hughes Court
go to the Wilbour Hall through P-131317
go to the Littlefield Hall through GeoChem and Macmillian Hall
go to the Quiet Green through Brown Bear
go to the BERT through Hegeman
go to the Van Wickle Gates through Mencoff Hall
go to the Hope College through Wilbour Hall
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall through Slavery Memorial
go to the Starbucks through Mencoff Hall
go to the Slater Hall through GeoChem and Macmillian Hall
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color through Prospect House
go to the Hegeman through Maxcy Green
go to the University Hall through Walter Hall
go to the Blue Room through Arnold Laboratory
go to the Brown Bear through Van Wickle Gates
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology through Van Wickle Gates
go to the Metcalf Research Building through Minden Hall
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity through Norwood House
go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology through Saint Stephens Church
go to the Circle Dance Sculpture through Lippit House
go to the Swearer Center for Public Service through Casey Shearer Memorial
go to the Marston Hall through Class of 1872 Gate
go to the Brown University through Robinson Gate
go to the Circle Dance Sculpture through Marston Hall
go to the Brown Bear through Class of 1887 Gate
go to the Friedman Hall through Saint Stephens Church
go to the The Ivy Room through Brown University Sciences Library
go to the Norwood House through Marston Hall
go to the Class of 1872 Gate through 86 Waterman 
go to the Kassar House through Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop
go to the Kassar House through Saint Stephens Church
go to Shirley Miller House before navigating to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to Rhode Island Hall before navigating to the Saint Stephens Church .
go to Metcalf Research Building before navigating to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to Friedman Hall before navigating to the Maxcy Green .
go to Watson Center for Information Technology before navigating to the Class of 1887 Gate .
go to John Nicholas Brown Gate before navigating to the Sayles Hall .
go to William Goddard Memorial Gate before navigating to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to Metcalf Research Building before navigating to the Kassar House .
go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology before navigating to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to Robinson Hall before navigating to the Brown Bear .
go to Marcus Aurelius before navigating to the Wilbour Hall .
go to Lot 17 before navigating to the Walter Hall .
go to Lyman Hall before navigating to the Prince Engineering Lab .
go to Blue Room before navigating to the Gardner House .
go to Van Wickle Gates before navigating to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to Quiet Green before navigating to the Hughes Court .
go to Wilbour Hall before navigating to the University Hall .
go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ before navigating to the Lippit House .
go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate before navigating to the Slavery Memorial .
go to Robinson Hall before navigating to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to College Green before navigating to the University Hall .
go to Faunce House before navigating to the John Hay Library .
go to Class of 1887 Gate before navigating to the Citizen's Bank .
go to Lot 17 before navigating to the Lippit House .
go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity before navigating to the Rhode Island Hall .
go to P-131317 before navigating to the Hope College .
go to Swearer Center for Public Service before navigating to the Starbucks .
go to John Nicholas Brown Gate before navigating to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to Wayland before navigating to the BERT .
go to Wilbour Hall before navigating to the Littlefield Hall .
go to Brown Center for Students of Color before navigating to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to Wayland before navigating to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to Gardner House before navigating to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to J.W. Wilson before navigating to the Brown Bear .
go to Citizen's Bank before navigating to the Gardner House .
go to University Hall before navigating to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to Norwood House before navigating to the Horace Mann House .
go to Prospect House before navigating to the Class of 1872 Gate .
go to Rockefeller Library before navigating to the Wriston Quad .
go to Untitled Lamp/Bear before navigating to the Brown Bear .
go to Rockefeller Library before navigating to the Lot 76 .
go to Robinson Gate before navigating to the Saint Stephens Church .
go to Caswell Hall before navigating to the Wriston Quad .
go to Citizen's Bank before navigating to the Norwood House .
go to Wriston Quad before navigating to the J.W. Wilson .
go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall before navigating to the Lot 18 .
go to Shirley Miller House before navigating to the Maxcy Green .
go to Brown University before navigating to the Hughes Court .
go to Class of 1887 Gate before navigating to the Hughes Court .
go to Manning before navigating to the John Hay Library .
go to Brown Center for Students of Color before navigating to the Minden Hall .
go to William Goddard Memorial Gate before navigating to the War Memorial .
go to Lot 17 before navigating to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to Lot 17 before navigating to the Lyman Hall .
go to Kassar House before navigating to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to Sayles Hall before navigating to the 67 George .
go to Finlandia before navigating to the BERT .
go to Metcalf Research Building before navigating to the Rockefeller Library .
