go to the Campus Market and then go to the Class of 1872 Gate .
go to the Medical Research Lab via Urban Environmental Lab .
move to the John Hay Library but go through Gardner House first .
move toward the John Hay Library .
go to Urban Environmental Lab before going to the Manning .
avoid the first and Circle Dance Sculpture and go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to the 86 Waterman  and avoid the University Hall .
go to the Lyman Hall or the Casey Shearer Memorial only .
go to J.W. Wilson
go to Hegeman then Simmons Quadrangle .
go to Van Wickle Gates then go to Wilbour Hall .
go to the Maxcy Green from the Rhode Island Hall
go to the Faunce House .
go through Brown Bear and then to the Littlefield Hall .
avoid the Class of 1872 Gate until going to the P-131317 .
avoid the Medical Research Lab and go to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to or through the Maddock Alumni  always avoid going through the Minden Hall
go to Arnold Laboratory , then go to Wayland .
go to the Shirley Miller House through the Friedman Hall .
go to Slavery Memorial always avoiding the Faunce House .
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority through Sears .
go to Maxcy Green by going through Quiet Green
head to the Van Wickle Gates .
navigate to Kassar House then continue to the College Green .
go from the Van Wickle Gates to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
navigate to the Class of 1872 Gate through the Class of 1887 Gate .
go through the Rhode Island Hall and navigate to the War Memorial .
navigate through Marcus Aurelius and go to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to the Swearer Center for Public Service through the 67 George .
navigate from the Wilbour Hall to the 86 Waterman  .
go to Brown Bear before GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
avoid Hegeman until you go to the John Hay Library .
go to the Maxcy Hall through the Lincoln Field Building .
go to the J.W. Wilson through the Salomon Center for Teaching .
avoid the John Hay Library before you navigate to the Kassar House .
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop avoiding 67 George .
avoid Horace Mann House until reaching the Maxcy Green .
always avoid the P-131317 , go to Faunce House .
go to the Caswell Hall through Salomon Center for Teaching
go from the Medical Research Lab to the 67 George
avoid Wilbour Hall until you go to Starbucks .
navigate to the Caswell Hall then continue to Arnold Laboratory .
avoid 67 George until navigating to the Simmons Quadrangle .
navigate through Circle Dance Sculpture then go to Class of 1887 Gate .
avoid the The Ivy Room until you go to the Finlandia .
always avoid Idee di pietra and go to the Horace Mann House .
move to Minden Hall .
avoid Gardner House until going to the Hegeman .
avoid Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences and go to the University Hall .
always go through the Watson Center for Information Technology before going to Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to the Quiet Green .
avoid the P-131317 until going to Horace Mann House .
go to the Lyman Hall while always avoiding the Wayland
navigate to the Marston Hall then continue to Brown University .
first navigate to the Casey Shearer Memorial , then make your way to the Mencoff Hall .
go to the College Green
avoid Brown Bear and go to the Rockefeller Library .
go from the Casey Shearer Memorial to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology
start on the Van Wickle Gates and move directly to Quiet Green .
go to the War Memorial but avoid Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to P-131317 through Wilbour Hall
while avoiding the Sears , navigate to Slater Hall .
go to Blue Room without going to Hegeman
go to or through the Manning always avoid going through the Lot 17
go to Friedman Hall through Starbucks
avoid Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity until going to Kassar House .
always avoid The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ while going to Lippit House .
go through the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ to the Starbucks .
go to Rockefeller Library after navigating to the Maxcy Hall .
avoid Slater Hall and go to the Hegeman .
go up to Slater Hall .
go through the Hughes Court first , then go to the Lyman Hall .
move to List Art Building and then proceed to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to the Lot 17
go through the Soldiers Memorial Gate first , then go to the Lippit House .
move towards Van Wickle Gates and then to Idee di pietra .
avoid the Blue Room until passing Quiet Green .
go to Lyman Hall after navigating to the Maddock Alumni  .
go to Brown Bear but do not first pass through GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to the Quiet Green then the Brown Center for Students of Color .
always avoid going to College Green through the Wilbour Hall
go to the Brown University Sciences Library through the 86 Waterman 
go from the Brown University Sciences Library to the Slavery Memorial
avoid the William Goddard Memorial Gate until you go to the Lot 17 .
go to the Friedman Hall through the Simmons Quadrangle
go to the Slavery Memorial through Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
avoid the Prince Engineering Lab until going to the Class of 1872 Gate .
go to Faunce House from the Rhode Island Hall only .
go through the Rockefeller Library to the Faunce House
always avoid University Hall and go through the Caswell Hall .
go to Wilbour Hall while avoiding the first and List Art Building .
avoid the Lot 17 until going to the Mencoff Hall .
move to the List Art Building but go through Maddock Alumni  first .
go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate
first go to to University Hall then go to the Brown Bear .
avoid the 67 George and go to the Horace Mann House .
go to the Horace Mann House .
go to the Campus Market , then go to Prospect House .
go to William Goddard Memorial Gate through the Brown Bear .
go to Friedman Hall
avoid the Sears and navigate to the 67 George .
go to the Rockefeller Library
go through the Saint Stephens Church to Littlefield Hall .
go to the Wilbour Hall .
avoid Sears until you go to the Barus Building .
navigate to the Walter Hall by passing through the John Hay Library .
avoid the Wriston Quad
start on the Littlefield Hall and move directly to Starbucks .
move to Walter Hall , but go through the Rhode Island Hall first .
go to the Starbucks then the Sharpe Refectory .
avoid the second and Rockefeller Library and go to the Citizen's Bank .
go to the Carrie Tower without going to the Maxcy Green .
go through Prospect House to the Van Wickle Gates .
go through the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall to Idee di pietra .
navigate to the Quiet Green but do not pass through the P-131317 .
go to the Hughes Court .
go to the Brown Bear .
go to Lippit House .
go through the Metcalf Research Building before going to Littlefield Hall
go from the Hope College to the Gardner House
avoid Casey Shearer Memorial until you have passed through BERT
always avoid Robinson Gate and go to the Hughes Court .
avoid the Lincoln Field Building and go to the Lot 76 .
go to the Maxcy Green before you go to Citizen's Bank .
avoid the War Memorial until going to John Nicholas Brown Gate .
avoid the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority until you go to the Wriston Quad .
always avoid Hegeman and navigate to the Lot 18 .
go through the Marcus Aurelius to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to Prospect House and avoid the Maxcy Hall .
go to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
avoid the Wriston Quad and go to the Prince Engineering Lab .
go from the Caswell Hall to the Minden Hall
navigate to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology , always avoiding the J.W. Wilson .
avoid the Wilbour Hall on your way to P-131317 .
move to Simmons Quadrangle but avoid Robinson Hall .
always go through the Caswell Hall to get to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to the Sharpe Refectory before you go to the Medical Research Lab .
avoid Alpha Chi Omega Sorority until you go to the Faunce House .
avoid the Caswell Hall and go to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to the Maxcy Hall and then navigate to the Finlandia .
avoid Starbucks and go to the Faunce House .
go to or through the Gardner House always avoid going to the Gardner House through The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ
avoid the Slater Hall until you go to Robinson Gate .
go to Barus Building and then to Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to the Urban Environmental Lab whilst avoiding the Van Wickle Gates .
go through the Brown Center for Students of Color to the Lincoln Field Building .
go through the John Nicholas Brown Gate to the Campus Market .
go to the Wriston Quad but avoid the Medical Research Lab .
avoid going through Citizen's Bank until you go through the P-131317 .
go to the Maxcy Green through Walter Hall
avoid Carrie Tower until navigating to University Hall .
always avoid the Littlefield Hall and go to the Carrie Tower .
go to William Goddard Memorial Gate , then go to Marston Hall .
avoid Circle Dance Sculpture until you have passed through Brown Bear
go through Prospect House to the Maxcy Green .
go to the Wilbour Hall by first going through the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
navigate to the Wilbour Hall via the Class of 1872 Gate .
head to the Soldiers Memorial Gate but first go to the Norwood House .
navigate through Brown Center for Students of Color to the John Carter Brown Library .
go to Barus Building
go to or through GeoChem and Macmillian Hall avoiding going through Hegeman
go to Slavery Memorial via the John Carter Brown Library .
avoid the Prince Engineering Lab before you navigate to the Simmons Quadrangle .
go through the Sayles Hall to the Maxcy Green .
go to the Barus Building but avoid the List Art Building .
avoid Prospect House and go to the Kassar House .
always avoid the Barus Building and go to the Norwood House .
go to or through the Barus Building always avoid going to the Barus Building through the John Hay Library
go to the Campus Market and then go directly to the Van Wickle Gates .
go through Kassar House before going to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to the Sharpe Refectory then go to College Green .
avoid Soldiers Memorial Gate and go to the College Green .
navigate directly to Carrie Tower .
while always avoiding the Manning , go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to the Friedman Hall before going to College Green .
go to the Slater Hall and then go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity
go from the Minden Hall to the Van Wickle Gates
go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
move to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop and then move to Campus Market .
go to Mencoff Hall through Simmons Quadrangle .
avoid the Arnold Laboratory until going to the Mencoff Hall .
go to the Mencoff Hall while avoiding the Hope College
navigate to Hegeman .
avoid the Watson Center for Information Technology until going through Caswell Hall .
navigate to the Walter Hall before you go to Wriston Quad .
pass through Quiet Green before going to the College Green .
travel to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
move to the Rockefeller Library first then travel to Class of 1887 Gate .
avoid the Lot 18 until you go to Rockefeller Library
move to Maddock Alumni  but avoid Brown University .
avoid the Marston Hall until you navigate to Class of 1872 Gate .
stay on the Barus Building and go to the Wayland .
go to the Slavery Memorial through John Carter Brown Library .
navigate to the Gardner House but never go to the Prospect House .
go to the John Carter Brown Library .
avoid Van Wickle Gates until after reaching Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to Starbucks then go to Starbucks .
do n't go into the Class of 1872 Gate until going to Finlandia
avoid Class of 1872 Gate and go to the John Carter Brown Library .
travel to the Soldiers Memorial Gate and then go to The Ivy Room .
go to Marcus Aurelius
always avoid the Soldiers Memorial Gate and go to the BERT .
go through the Lyman Hall before going to Blue Room
avoid the The Ivy Room before you navigate to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
go through Rhode Island Hall and navigate to the Hegeman .
go to the Hughes Court through the Prince Engineering Lab .
navigate to Gardner House .
go to the Caswell Hall .
go to Gardner House .
go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate without going to Rockefeller Library .
head to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate and then head to the Lot 76 .
head to the College Green avoiding Prince Engineering Lab .
go to the Lincoln Field Building .
go to Slavery Memorial .
avoid Metcalf Research Building until navigating to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
avoid the Shirley Miller House and go to John Carter Brown Library .
go to Prince Engineering Lab and then to Littlefield Hall
go through Slater Hall before going to the Idee di pietra .
go to the Saint Stephens Church through the Sayles Hall .
always avoid the Manning and go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to the Rhode Island Hall , then go to the Minden Hall .
head to the Mencoff Hall without going through the Wilbour Hall
go to Untitled Lamp/Bear through Lot 17
avoid the Circle Dance Sculpture and go to Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to the Marcus Aurelius
avoid Wilbour Hall while navigating to John Hay Library .
go to Citizen's Bank , then go to BERT .
avoid the Marston Hall until you navigate to the Arnold Laboratory .
go to the Arnold Laboratory avoiding Hegeman if you reached the Arnold Laboratory then you may go to Hegeman .
navigate to the Class of 1887 Gate .
always avoid the Salomon Center for Teaching while navigating to Walter Hall .
go to the Lippit House but avoid Metcalf Research Building .
move to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity first then travel to Manning .
avoid the J.W. Wilson
avoid the Horace Mann House and go to the Norwood House .
go through the Blue Room and navigate to the Metcalf Research Building .
avoid the Saint Stephens Church until you go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to the Caswell Hall .
first move to Maddock Alumni  then navigate to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
avoid the John Carter Brown Library until you go to the P-131317 .
go to the Finlandia before you go to the Lyman Hall .
go to the Carrie Tower by avoiding Rockefeller Library if you reached the Carrie Tower , then you can proceed to Rockefeller Library .
avoid Casey Shearer Memorial and go to the Kassar House .
go to Circle Dance Sculpture through the Barus Building .
move to the Sharpe Refectory but ensure to go to the War Memorial first .
go through the Class of 1872 Gate to the Shirley Miller House .
move to the Friedman Hall .
go to 1 John Hay Library after Watson Center for Information Technology
avoid Slavery Memorial and go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
avoid Brown University Sciences Library until after the Brown Center for Students of Color
go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology before you go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
avoid the Lot 18 until you navigate to Lippit House .
go to the Kassar House while always avoiding the The Ivy Room
go to College Green through the Sayles Hall .
avoid Arnold Laboratory until you navigate to Finlandia .
move to the Campus Market and then the 67 George .
always avoid Barus Building while going to Rockefeller Library .
go to the Wayland and then go directly to the Brown University Sciences Library .
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color through Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Hope College through the Casey Shearer Memorial .
avoid Morgan Witter Rogers Gate until going to Wriston Quad .
go to the J.W. Wilson and avoid the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
avoid John Carter Brown Library until you go to the Kassar House .
from the Simmons Quadrangle go to Maxcy Hall .
go to the Lyman Hall and then to the Lincoln Field Building .
go to University Hall before going in the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority
go to the Barus Building but avoid the Horace Mann House .
go to Brown Bear through the Slavery Memorial
avoid Circle Dance Sculpture until going to Lincoln Field Building .
navigate to the Horace Mann House avoiding Wilbour Hall .
go to the Maxcy Green avoiding Carrie Tower .
always avoid Hegeman and navigate to Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to Lippit House but avoid List Art Building .
go through the Slater Hall to the Brown Bear .
always avoid Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology and go to War Memorial .
go to the Brown University avoiding The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
navigate to the Starbucks while avoiding Mencoff Hall .
avoid the Faunce House before you navigate to the Saint Stephens Church .
go to the Lyman Hall then the John Carter Brown Library .
always avoid the Arnold Laboratory and go to Wriston Quad .
go to the John Carter Brown Library and if you have reached the John Carter Brown Library you may proceed to the 86 Waterman  or stay in the John Carter Brown Library .
go through the Lyman Hall to the Arnold Laboratory .
go to Marston Hall , then go to Hughes Court
navigate to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity after going to the John Carter Brown Library .
avoid the Sharpe Refectory until going to the Barus Building .
go through the Barus Building to the Marston Hall .
robot , go to the Lippit House .
go to the Lincoln Field Building through Walter Hall
go to Lot 76 by first visiting the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
navigate to the John Carter Brown Library .
go to the College Green , then go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
avoid Class of 1872 Gate and go to Class of 1887 Gate .
go through Lyman Hall to Lot 18 .
travel to Minden Hall .
start on the Quiet Green , go directly to the J.W. Wilson .
go to the Maddock Alumni  but avoid the Caswell Hall .
go to the Medical Research Lab via the Wriston Quad .
always go through the Sharpe Refectory and then to Marcus Aurelius .
go to War Memorial , before going to Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to Idee di pietra .
go to the Casey Shearer Memorial without going to Casey Shearer Memorial .
proceed to Medical Research Lab but avoid P-131317 on the way . if you have reached Medical Research Lab then you can proceed to P-131317 .
go to Campus Market through the Wriston Quad .
go to the Brown University Sciences Library and then go to the Blue Room .
move to the Brown University and then the Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to a spot in the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences , but do n't touch Class of 1887 Gate .
go through the Blue Room and navigate to the Prince Engineering Lab .
avoid Rockefeller Library while navigating to University Hall .
advance to Wriston Quad but always avoid the Hughes Court .
move to Metcalf Research Building , but go through the Watson Center for Information Technology first .
go to the Robinson Gate then go to the Campus Market .
go through the Class of 1887 Gate to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to Manning through the Minden Hall
go to Finlandia and avoid the Sharpe Refectory .
always avoid the Sayles Hall to navigate to Marston Hall .
go to Hegeman while always avoiding the Lot 76
navigate through Watson Center for Information Technology to the John Hay Library .
go to the Starbucks .
go to Sharpe Refectory and then go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to Robinson Hall through the University Hall .
go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop and always avoid the Brown Bear
avoid the Manning and go to the Class of 1872 Gate .
navigate to Brown University .
avoid Friedman Hall and go to Blue Room if you 've reached Blue Room then you can go to Friedman Hall .
avoid Watson Center for Information Technology until going to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology then go to Blue Room .
go to Rockefeller Library , before going to Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to Marston Hall while avoiding Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop
go to the Lot 76 .
avoid the Walter Hall until you navigate to the 86 Waterman  .
go to Faunce House before going to John Nicholas Brown Gate .
avoid Marcus Aurelius and go to the Sharpe Refectory .
go to Casey Shearer Memorial . then go directly to Starbucks
go to the 67 George avoiding the 67 George . if you reached the Urban Environmental Lab you can stay there , or head to the 67 George .
avoid the Brown Center for Students of Color until you navigate to Simmons Quadrangle .
go to Simmons Quadrangle and avoid 2nd and Slavery Memorial
go to Robinson Gate , then go to Prospect House .
go to the Faunce House .
go through the Wriston Quad to the Maddock Alumni  .
go to Lincoln Field Building .
go to the Friedman Hall then go to Van Wickle Gates .
move to the Simmons Quadrangle first then travel to Maxcy Hall .
navigate to the College Green while avoiding the Circle Dance Sculpture .
avoid Horace Mann House until you go to the Finlandia .
go to the Citizen's Bank , then go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
navigate to Shirley Miller House then continue to the Robinson Gate .
always navigate to Blue Room and then proceed to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
navigate to the Simmons Quadrangle through the Casey Shearer Memorial .
move to Caswell Hall without leaving the Barus Building .
navigate to the 86 Waterman  .
go through the Van Wickle Gates and navigate to the Quiet Green .
go to the Kassar House
avoid the Prospect House and go to the BERT . if you reached the BERT then you may go to the Prospect House , or just stay on the BERT .
go to Caswell Hall , avoid the University Hall until you have been to the Caswell Hall
avoid the Barus Building until you go through the Maddock Alumni  .
go to a spot in the Casey Shearer Memorial , but do n't touch Urban Environmental Lab .
navigate to the Watson Center for Information Technology before going to the 67 George .
go to the Maddock Alumni  but avoid Lot 18 if you reached to the Maddock Alumni  then you can head to Lot 18 or stay put .
go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences through Horace Mann House
go to Circle Dance Sculpture before going in the Rhode Island Hall .
move toward the Hughes Court .
avoid the Prince Engineering Lab on your way to the Maxcy Hall . once you get to the Maxcy Hall you can to the Prince Engineering Lab .
go to the Mencoff Hall
navigate to Hughes Court .
avoid the Brown Center for Students of Color until you go to Littlefield Hall .
navigate through 67 George then go to Robinson Hall .
go through the Prince Engineering Lab to Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to Van Wickle Gates and then go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to Marcus Aurelius .
go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate then go to the Wilbour Hall
move to the Sharpe Refectory and then move to Hope College .
go from the Rockefeller Library to the Carrie Tower
navigate to the 67 George , and then navigate to the Blue Room .
avoid Finlandia and go to Rhode Island Hall .
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
move to the Hegeman .
move to the John Nicholas Brown Gate and then move to Untitled Lamp/Bear .
navigate to Van Wickle Gates .
go to Barus Building through the Sayles Hall .
go to Caswell Hall .
go to the Lyman Hall avoiding the Brown Bear . go through the Lyman Hall to get to the Brown Bear .
go to the Caswell Hall through the Sears
go to Friedman Hall through the 86 Waterman  .
go to the Simmons Quadrangle while avoiding Circle Dance Sculpture .
go through the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall to Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to the Rockefeller Library through the Campus Market
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
first go to to Minden Hall then go to the Walter Hall .
avoid the Starbucks until you go to the BERT .
go to Blue Room through the University Hall .
go to the Friedman Hall and then to the Lyman Hall .
do not go to Prince Engineering Lab until going to William Goddard Memorial Gate
go to the Sharpe Refectory through the Minden Hall
visit the University Hall and then move to the Lippit House .
navigate to the 67 George before you go to Prince Engineering Lab .
go to the Hegeman and avoid Sharpe Refectory .
move to Circle Dance Sculpture , but go through the Prospect House first .
proceed to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology by going through the Van Wickle Gates .
first navigate to the Hegeman , then make your way to the John Hay Library .
navigate to the Barus Building via the Metcalf Research Building .
move to the Class of 1872 Gate .
go to Friedman Hall while always avoiding the Faunce House
avoid the Wriston Quad until you navigate to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to the Hughes Court .
move to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop , but travel to the Robinson Gate first .
go through the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity to the Sears .
always avoid going through the Casey Shearer Memorial to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall
from the Sharpe Refectory go to Slavery Memorial .
navigate to the Marcus Aurelius and avoid Maddock Alumni  .
go through the Blue Room to College Green .
go to the Medical Research Lab .
go to the Gardner House , then go to the Walter Hall .
avoid Salomon Center for Teaching while navigating to John Hay Library .
avoid Slater Hall and go to the Campus Market .
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching then go to Barus Building
navigate to Robinson Gate then continue to the Walter Hall .
avoid College Green while navigating to Sharpe Refectory .
avoid Hughes Court and go to The Ivy Room .
go to the Prospect House after going to the Rhode Island Hall .
go through the Finlandia to Sharpe Refectory .
go to the Lincoln Field Building
always avoid going to Quiet Green through the Maxcy Green
avoid the Soldiers Memorial Gate until after you 've gone to the Sears .
go from College Green to Rhode Island Hall .
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity , then go to the Lippit House .
avoid the Citizen's Bank until you go to Saint Stephens Church .
go to Watson Center for Information Technology through the Slavery Memorial
move to Marcus Aurelius but avoid The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to Carrie Tower and then go to the Urban Environmental Lab .
approach the Casey Shearer Memorial while avoiding the Lincoln Field Building .
avoid 86 Waterman  until going to the Slater Hall .
avoid Wilbour Hall until you go to Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to the Minden Hall through the Brown University Sciences Library .
go through the 67 George before going to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to the Rockefeller Library through Maddock Alumni 
avoid the first and Quiet Green and go to Brown Bear .
go to the Lincoln Field Building avoiding Kassar House .
go to Hughes Court while avoiding Simmons Quadrangle
go through the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall to the Sears .
go to the Walter Hall before going to the Minden Hall .
avoid the Hegeman until you go to the Maxcy Hall .
go to the Brown Bear without going to the Brown University .
navigate to the Lot 76 .
move to Urban Environmental Lab but avoid University Hall .
from the Urban Environmental Lab go to Brown University .
go to the Campus Market or the Kassar House only .
move to Brown University Sciences Library after moving to the Maxcy Hall .
avoid the Lincoln Field Building until you go to Friedman Hall .
go to Horace Mann House
avoid the Van Wickle Gates until you navigate to Simmons Quadrangle .
go to the Carrie Tower .
go to the Robinson Gate , then go to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to the Marston Hall from the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ
go to the Sayles Hall avoiding the Sayles Hall . if you reached the Lyman Hall you can stay there , or head to the Sayles Hall .
go from Circle Dance Sculpture to Minden Hall .
avoid Norwood House until after you go to Swearer Center for Public Service .
navigate to the 67 George always avoiding the Sayles Hall .
go to the Walter Hall .
go to the Walter Hall while avoiding Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences
avoid Wilbour Hall and go to Kassar House .
navigate to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate then move to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go through the P-131317 to the Campus Market .
go from the Gardner House to John Hay Library .
go to the Maxcy Green then go to The Ivy Room .
avoid the Untitled Lamp/Bear and go to Carrie Tower if you reached the Carrie Tower , you can now go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear or stay on Carrie Tower .
navigate to the Arnold Laboratory through the John Hay Library .
go to John Nicholas Brown Gate before going to Slater Hall .
go to the Brown Bear
go to John Carter Brown Library through the Swearer Center for Public Service
avoid the Idee di pietra until you go to the List Art Building .
always avoid going to Simmons Quadrangle through the Van Wickle Gates
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to the University Hall .
go to the Class of 1872 Gate avoiding the The Ivy Room . go through the Class of 1872 Gate to get to the The Ivy Room .
avoid the Watson Center for Information Technology until going to the Campus Market .
go to the Norwood House while avoiding the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ
avoid the Manning until you go to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
go through Campus Market to List Art Building .
go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority and avoid the Finlandia .
go to Brown University Sciences Library after navigating to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
go through Maxcy Hall to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
navigate to the Starbucks .
go to the Friedman Hall , then go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to the Manning , then go to Metcalf Research Building .
pass through the Mencoff Hall before going to the Minden Hall .
avoid Hegeman and go to Gardner House .
go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to the Slater Hall
always avoid Friedman Hall and go to The Ivy Room .
avoid the Simmons Quadrangle until you navigate to the J.W. Wilson .
stay on the Wilbour Hall while navigating to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
move to Quiet Green but avoid Caswell Hall .
visit Gardner House but do n't leave the Medical Research Lab .
go to 67 George then go to the John Carter Brown Library .
go to the Idee di pietra through the Van Wickle Gates
go to the Urban Environmental Lab through the Brown Center for Students of Color
avoid Blue Room while going to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
avoid the Quiet Green until you reach College Green .
stay on the Quiet Green and go to Friedman Hall .
go to Brown Bear .
go to the Sayles Hall
go to the Lincoln Field Building
go from Arnold Laboratory to Caswell Hall .
go to the Shirley Miller House and if you have reached the Shirley Miller House you may proceed to the Wayland or stay in the Shirley Miller House .
go to Caswell Hall then Citizen's Bank .
go to the 86 Waterman  by first going through the Brown University Sciences Library .
go to Wriston Quad
navigate to the John Hay Library .
go to the Hegeman
go to the Van Wickle Gates through the Hegeman .
go to Hegeman , then go to Mencoff Hall .
move to the Starbucks avoiding Van Wickle Gates if you got to the Starbucks then you can continue to Van Wickle Gates .
go to 86 Waterman  and always avoid the P-131317
without stepping in the Hope College , go to Manning .
go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate while avoiding Medical Research Lab and the Medical Research Lab
go to the BERT .
go to the Friedman Hall but avoid the Lot 76 .
avoid Maxcy Green and go to the Brown University Sciences Library .
avoid the University Hall until going to the Lot 18 .
go to the J.W. Wilson through the Watson Center for Information Technology
go to the Brown University through the Brown University Sciences Library .
go through the Swearer Center for Public Service to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology and go down to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
avoid the Horace Mann House until going to the Idee di pietra .
navigate to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to or through the Kassar House always avoid going through the Swearer Center for Public Service
always avoid the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop and go to the Blue Room .
avoid the University Hall while going to the Saint Stephens Church .
avoid Friedman Hall until going to Lippit House .
always pass through the Prospect House to get to Brown Bear .
navigate to the Rockefeller Library .
go to Saint Stephens Church .
avoid the Norwood House until navigating to the Medical Research Lab .
go through John Carter Brown Library then go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to the Rockefeller Library avoiding the Prince Engineering Lab . go through the Rockefeller Library to get to the Prince Engineering Lab .
go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ via the Lot 18 .
go to Class of 1887 Gate .
go to the Swearer Center for Public Service through John Nicholas Brown Gate
go to the Wayland .
go through the Lyman Hall to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
travel to Hughes Court .
avoid Class of 1887 Gate until going to the Starbucks .
go to the Norwood House whilst avoiding the Urban Environmental Lab .
always avoid the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop and go to Friedman Hall .
avoid Campus Market until going to the University Hall .
always go through the Rockefeller Library before going to Kassar House .
go to Watson Center for Information Technology
go through the Lippit House before navigating to William Goddard Memorial Gate .
avoid Maddock Alumni  and go to the Lyman Hall .
do not navigate away from the College Green and go to the John Hay Library .
avoid the Brown Bear until you reach Barus Building .
go to the Carrie Tower without going to Manning .
always go through Robinson Hall and then to the Simmons Quadrangle .
go through Lot 76 before going to the Brown University .
go to the College Green through the Prince Engineering Lab .
go through the Simmons Quadrangle to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to Gardner House by avoiding the Citizen's Bank and then stay there or continue to the Citizen's Bank .
visit the Lot 18 and then move to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
always avoid going to Lippit House through the Marston Hall
avoid the Faunce House until going to Kassar House .
go from the Blue Room to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
move to P-131317 , but go through the Robinson Gate first .
proceed to the Robinson Hall by going through the Kassar House .
go to the Wriston Quad , then navigate to the Carrie Tower .
navigate to the Prospect House but do n't ever go to Friedman Hall .
proceed to Sharpe Refectory but avoid University Hall on the way . if you have reached Sharpe Refectory then you can proceed to University Hall .
proceed to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity without going through the Carrie Tower .
get to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ , while avoiding Lincoln Field Building
go to the Medical Research Lab , then go to the Arnold Laboratory .
go to Manning from the Urban Environmental Lab only .
avoid the first and Kassar House and go to John Carter Brown Library .
avoid Wriston Quad and go to Starbucks if you have reached Starbucks then you can go to Wriston Quad .
avoid Slater Hall until going to Blue Room .
go to Blue Room before going in the Hughes Court .
go to the Lot 18 and if you have reached the Lot 18 you may proceed to the Casey Shearer Memorial or stay in the Lot 18 .
avoid the Saint Stephens Church while going to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
from the Idee di pietra , go to Simmons Quadrangle directly .
go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to or through the Van Wickle Gates , but avoid going to the Van Wickle Gates through the Medical Research Lab
navigate to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity through the Maxcy Hall .
always avoid going to Metcalf Research Building through the Maddock Alumni 
go to the Caswell Hall .
navigate to the Prince Engineering Lab , and then navigate to the Arnold Laboratory .
avoid the Gardner House on the way to Robinson Hall .
always avoid going to Brown University Sciences Library through the Wilbour Hall
stay on the Maddock Alumni  and go to Faunce House .
go to Watson Center for Information Technology by avoiding the Carrie Tower and then stay there or continue to the Carrie Tower .
navigate to the Metcalf Research Building through the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to the P-131317 avoiding Van Wickle Gates .
go to the BERT by first going to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
got to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences through the Marcus Aurelius .
go to Shirley Miller House without going into the John Carter Brown Library
navigate to the Casey Shearer Memorial always avoiding the Faunce House .
go to the Campus Market through the Maxcy Hall .
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop without going through the Arnold Laboratory . if you reached the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop then you can go to the Arnold Laboratory , or be done .
go to the Hegeman , then head to the Minden Hall .
go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity passing through the Lincoln Field Building .
always avoid going through the Finlandia to the Maddock Alumni 
go to or through John Carter Brown Library always avoid going to Metcalf Research Building through Metcalf Research Building
avoid the Class of 1887 Gate
avoid John Nicholas Brown Gate and go to the Brown University .
go to Finlandia
avoid Brown University until you go to the Prospect House .
avoid the John Hay Library and travel to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to Van Wickle Gates avoiding the Finlandia . then go to the Finlandia or stay on Van Wickle Gates .
avoid Wayland and go to Manning if you reached Manning then you can go to Wayland .
navigate to Faunce House .
go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop before going in the Robinson Hall
go to the John Carter Brown Library while staying on the Rhode Island Hall .
avoid the Slater Hall until going to Sears .
navigate to the Hegeman before you go to Barus Building .
avoid the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate and reach William Goddard Memorial Gate
go to the Sears .
go to BERT then Lot 17 .
go to Lyman Hall before going to Prince Engineering Lab .
avoid the Brown Bear until you go to Minden Hall .
move to Circle Dance Sculpture without entering the Marcus Aurelius . then you may stay at Circle Dance Sculpture or go to the Marcus Aurelius .
go to Caswell Hall via the Simmons Quadrangle .
navigate to William Goddard Memorial Gate .
avoid the Finlandia while going to the Faunce House .
always go through the Walter Hall before going to Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to the Shirley Miller House through the Brown University .
avoid Urban Environmental Lab while traveling to Starbucks .
go through Class of 1872 Gate before going to the The Ivy Room .
go through the Brown Bear to the Lyman Hall .
avoid the Faunce House until you reach College Green .
avoid Faunce House until you go to the Lot 17 .
go through the Wayland to Finlandia .
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity
go to the Urban Environmental Lab while staying on the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to the Prince Engineering Lab via Gardner House .
avoid the Faunce House until you go to the Idee di pietra .
go through the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ to get to Maxcy Green
go to the 67 George then move to the Prospect House .
proceed to the Lippit House by going through the Carrie Tower .
go to the Lot 18 .
avoid the Salomon Center for Teaching and navigate to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
avoid the Kassar House until after going to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
always avoid Hughes Court and go to Saint Stephens Church .
go to the The Ivy Room and then go to the Blue Room .
go to the Prospect House
avoid the first and Brown Center for Students of Color and go to Lot 17 .
go to the Robinson Hall .
go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate through the Lot 76 .
avoid Class of 1887 Gate and go to the Maddock Alumni  .
proceed to the Prince Engineering Lab by going through the Hope College .
head to the Faunce House .
navigate to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
avoid College Green until you pass through Soldiers Memorial Gate .
navigate to the The Ivy Room before you go to Maddock Alumni  .
navigate to the Metcalf Research Building always avoiding the Wayland .
go to Citizen's Bank but avoid Shirley Miller House .
head to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to the Maxcy Green through the Hope College
go to The Ivy Room .
go through Norwood House to the Walter Hall .
avoid the Robinson Gate and go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to the Hope College before you navigate to Norwood House .
move to Blue Room after moving to the P-131317 .
go to the Brown Bear and avoid the Brown Bear .
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall through Wilbour Hall .
go to Van Wickle Gates
go to the Maddock Alumni  through the Citizen's Bank
always avoid the Friedman Hall and go to Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to the Robinson Gate . if you reached the Robinson Gate then you may go to the Idee di pietra .
go to Saint Stephens Church before going to Mencoff Hall .
avoid the Circle Dance Sculpture and go to the Lippit House .
go through the Carrie Tower to Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to the Norwood House .
head to the John Nicholas Brown Gate , but make sure to go through the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ first .
go to the Lippit House avoiding Idee di pietra .
go to William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to the 86 Waterman  before you go to Prospect House .
go to the Sears and go down to the Faunce House .
navigate to the Class of 1872 Gate and avoid Idee di pietra .
go to Van Wickle Gates but remain on the BERT .
go to Saint Stephens Church .
navigate to the Walter Hall then continue to Mencoff Hall .
go to the Van Wickle Gates through the Marston Hall
avoid Robinson Gate until going to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go up to Lippit House .
avoid the Quiet Green and go to Maddock Alumni  .
go to the Urban Environmental Lab without ever leaving the Wayland .
go through the Maddock Alumni  to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to Finlandia and proceed to John Carter Brown Library .
always avoid the Finlandia , go to the The Ivy Room .
first go to the List Art Building and then go to Slavery Memorial .
go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity through the P-131317 .
go to Faunce House without going to Campus Market
move to the Citizen's Bank .
first navigate to Shirley Miller House , then go to John Hay Library .
navigate to the John Carter Brown Library .
go through the Sayles Hall before going to the J.W. Wilson .
go to the 67 George through William Goddard Memorial Gate
always avoid going to Hegeman through the Marston Hall
go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall but do not first go through the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to Shirley Miller House through Marston Hall .
go to the Prince Engineering Lab through Idee di pietra
go to the 86 Waterman  , then go to the BERT .
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
stay on the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ and navigate to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
from the Marcus Aurelius , navigate to Maxcy Green .
navigate to the Marcus Aurelius , and then navigate to the Minden Hall .
avoid the Sears until you go to the Kassar House .
move to the Class of 1887 Gate then continue to the Finlandia .
avoid Campus Market until you go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
avoid Marcus Aurelius until you have passed through J.W. Wilson
go to the Brown Bear then go to the Walter Hall .
always go through the Walter Hall to get to the University Hall .
go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
navigate to the Campus Market avoiding Lippit House .
go to Lot 76 and avoid the Wayland .
navigate to the Van Wickle Gates but do n't ever go to John Nicholas Brown Gate .
avoid the Marston Hall until going to the Caswell Hall .
avoid the John Hay Library and go to the Class of 1887 Gate .
avoid the first and Lot 17 and go to Urban Environmental Lab .
go through the Blue Room to Idee di pietra .
always go through the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate and then to Slater Hall .
go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology and proceed to Sharpe Refectory .
go to or through the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ always avoid going to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ through the Van Wickle Gates
go to William Goddard Memorial Gate and then go to the Prince Engineering Lab .
avoid the Slavery Memorial until after navigating to the Prince Engineering Lab .
go to the The Ivy Room while staying on the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
avoid the Urban Environmental Lab until you enter the Kassar House .
go through College Green on your way to the Idee di pietra .
avoid the Brown Bear until you go to Norwood House .
avoid Rockefeller Library and go to the John Hay Library .
avoid the Sayles Hall until going to Class of 1872 Gate .
go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall , avoid the Campus Market until you have been to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall
avoid the J.W. Wilson and go to the Lot 17 .
go to Hughes Court first , without passing through the Lot 76
go to the Robinson Hall , then head to the John Hay Library .
go to Metcalf Research Building without going into the Watson Center for Information Technology
go to the Prospect House but avoid Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to the Maxcy Green while always avoiding the Saint Stephens Church
pass through Blue Room on your way to the Mencoff Hall .
go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate then move to the Van Wickle Gates .
avoid the Sayles Hall until you go to Prince Engineering Lab .
go to the Van Wickle Gates before going to J.W. Wilson
go through the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to the P-131317 , then go to the Saint Stephens Church .
go to the Shirley Miller House via the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology avoiding the Marston Hall . if you get to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology you can then proceed to the Marston Hall
go to Medical Research Lab from the Class of 1887 Gate only .
go to Slavery Memorial , avoiding the Prince Engineering Lab
move to the Marcus Aurelius .
go to the 86 Waterman  through the War Memorial .
go to the War Memorial avoiding the Robinson Hall .
go to Soldiers Memorial Gate but remain on the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to the The Ivy Room through the Hegeman .
stay on the List Art Building and navigate to Carrie Tower .
go to Swearer Center for Public Service but avoid Maxcy Hall .
go to the Van Wickle Gates first
navigate to BERT .
go to 86 Waterman  without going into the Citizen's Bank
go to the Lot 76 before going to Prince Engineering Lab .
avoid the John Hay Library until going to the Brown University Sciences Library .
avoid the Minden Hall and the Mencoff Hall and go to Minden Hall .
go to the Urban Environmental Lab while avoiding the BERT
avoid Hope College and go to Soldiers Memorial Gate if you have reached Soldiers Memorial Gate then you can go to Hope College .
avoid the Brown Bear and go to the Blue Room .
go to the John Hay Library while always avoiding the Gardner House
go to the Starbucks before you navigate to College Green .
go through the Lot 76 to the Maxcy Hall .
avoid Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology until you pass through Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
travel to Barus Building .
avoid the Prospect House until going to the Walter Hall .
go to the 86 Waterman  then go to the War Memorial
move to the Swearer Center for Public Service but go through Maddock Alumni  first .
avoid the Blue Room , navigate to the Barus Building .
navigate to Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to the Slater Hall by first going through the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to Robinson Gate and then to Class of 1872 Gate
go to Brown Bear but always avoid Salomon Center for Teaching .
stay on the 67 George and move to Littlefield Hall .
go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear by first going through Gardner House .
go through Minden Hall and then to the Starbucks .
go through the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ to Metcalf Research Building .
avoid the Gardner House
move to the Untitled Lamp/Bear but ensure to go to the Friedman Hall first .
go to Swearer Center for Public Service by first visiting the Marston Hall .
navigate from the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
pass through Hegeman on your way to the Wriston Quad .
go through the Saint Stephens Church before going to the Gardner House .
go to the Lyman Hall through the Maxcy Green .
go to the Caswell Hall through the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to Gardner House through Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
move to the Soldiers Memorial Gate , travelling through J.W. Wilson .
go to the College Green through the Marcus Aurelius .
go to Shirley Miller House by avoiding the BERT and then stay there or continue to the BERT .
go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences while avoiding Casey Shearer Memorial
avoid Swearer Center for Public Service until you go to the Marston Hall .
go through the Class of 1887 Gate to the Brown Bear
always pass GeoChem and Macmillian Hall before Rhode Island Hall .
go to Untitled Lamp/Bear after navigating to the Campus Market .
avoid Norwood House until going to Brown Bear .
avoid Class of 1887 Gate and go to Hughes Court if you 've reached Hughes Court then you can go to Class of 1887 Gate .
travel to the Hughes Court and then go to War Memorial .
navigate to the Rockefeller Library through the Maddock Alumni  .
go to Lot 17 but do not first pass through 67 George .
go through Marston Hall before going to the Wilbour Hall .
go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority , before going to Prince Engineering Lab .
go to the Brown University .
avoid the Lyman Hall and go to the Arnold Laboratory .
go to J.W. Wilson through the Swearer Center for Public Service
avoid the Circle Dance Sculpture and travel to the Van Wickle Gates .
avoid Slater Hall , and go to Littlefield Hall .
go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear without going through the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the War Memorial via the Lyman Hall .
always go to Class of 1887 Gate before navigating to the Sayles Hall .
move to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
avoid the Sharpe Refectory and go to the Saint Stephens Church . if you reached the Saint Stephens Church then you may go to the Sharpe Refectory , or just stay on the Saint Stephens Church .
go through the Sharpe Refectory to the 86 Waterman  .
go to John Nicholas Brown Gate then go to the Slater Hall .
go to the Metcalf Research Building and then go to the Class of 1887 Gate .
go to Manning
avoid the Hughes Court and go to the Sears .
go to the Simmons Quadrangle from the Brown Bear
go to the Maxcy Hall through Marcus Aurelius .
go to Lot 18 and then go to the BERT .
go to the Class of 1872 Gate
go to the Walter Hall through the Gardner House
go directly to Hughes Court
go to the Van Wickle Gates .
avoid the second and Faunce House and go to the Sharpe Refectory .
go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology before going to Norwood House
avoid Prospect House , and go to Hughes Court .
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority through Casey Shearer Memorial
avoid the Hegeman and go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
proceed to Watson Center for Information Technology without going through the BERT .
go to Prince Engineering Lab by first visiting the Hegeman .
avoid John Carter Brown Library and go to Saint Stephens Church .
avoid the University Hall and go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to Lincoln Field Building without entering the Finlandia .
always avoid Class of 1872 Gate and go to BERT .
move to the Brown Bear and then move to Urban Environmental Lab .
avoid Hegeman until you go to Friedman Hall .
go to the John Carter Brown Library and go down to the Wilbour Hall .
go to or through the Gardner House always avoid going through the Carrie Tower
remain on the College Green and go directly to the Maxcy Hall .
go to the Barus Building through Van Wickle Gates
go to the Littlefield Hall through University Hall .
avoid the Kassar House until going to the J.W. Wilson .
go to University Hall and avoid 2nd and Morgan Witter Rogers Gate
always avoid the John Nicholas Brown Gate and go to the Brown Bear .
go to John Carter Brown Library through the List Art Building
always pass through the Maxcy Green to get to Medical Research Lab .
avoid Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop and go to Urban Environmental Lab .
avoid the Kassar House until going to the Saint Stephens Church .
avoid the Rockefeller Library until you go to the Lot 76 .
go to 67 George , then head to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go through the Lippit House to Brown Bear .
navigate to the BERT while avoiding the Slater Hall .
go to the J.W. Wilson before going to Marcus Aurelius .
go to the Metcalf Research Building avoiding the Shirley Miller House .
go to War Memorial .
avoid the Salomon Center for Teaching and go to the Prospect House .
go to Salomon Center for Teaching through the Shirley Miller House .
go to the 86 Waterman  , and then go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
always avoid the Circle Dance Sculpture and navigate to the The Ivy Room .
avoid the first and Marston Hall and go to Idee di pietra .
first go to to Walter Hall then go to the Van Wickle Gates .
pass through Hegeman before going to the List Art Building .
stay on the John Hay Library to get to Blue Room .
go from the Horace Mann House to the Circle Dance Sculpture
go through the Hegeman to the Quiet Green .
avoid Untitled Lamp/Bear until going to the Brown University Sciences Library .
go to the Starbucks while avoiding Kassar House
go through John Hay Library to the John Carter Brown Library .
avoid 67 George and go to Gardner House .
go to the Maxcy Hall through the BERT
first move to Swearer Center for Public Service then navigate to the Gardner House .
go to Idee di pietra but always avoid Arnold Laboratory .
go to Prospect House then Rhode Island Hall .
go to the Caswell Hall
navigate to the Saint Stephens Church before going to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
avoid Soldiers Memorial Gate and go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
head to the Wayland .
avoid the Arnold Laboratory and go to the Horace Mann House .
from the Lot 18 , navigate to the Maxcy Green .
go to the Walter Hall while avoiding Mencoff Hall
go to Prospect House through the Blue Room .
navigate to the Salomon Center for Teaching , avoiding Quiet Green .
pass through the Campus Market before going to the Maddock Alumni  .
go to the Lyman Hall then move to the Brown University .
go to Sharpe Refectory without going into the Simmons Quadrangle
always avoid the Robinson Hall and go to Maxcy Green .
without stepping in the Manning , go to John Hay Library .
always avoid the Hegeman to navigate to Blue Room .
always avoid Robinson Gate , and navigate to Medical Research Lab .
go to Prospect House , avoid the Quiet Green until you have been to the Prospect House
go from the Brown University to Van Wickle Gates
go to the P-131317 through the John Nicholas Brown Gate
move to the 67 George .
avoid the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ until you go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to P-131317 always avoiding the Horace Mann House .
avoid Kassar House and go to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the John Hay Library avoiding Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop if you reached the John Hay Library then you may go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to Class of 1887 Gate without going into the University Hall
go through the John Nicholas Brown Gate to the Idee di pietra .
avoid P-131317 until after you go to Hegeman .
navigate to the John Carter Brown Library before you go to Lippit House .
go to the Lippit House avoiding Metcalf Research Building .
avoid the Brown Center for Students of Color , navigate to the The Ivy Room .
go through the Barus Building to J.W. Wilson .
go through Alpha Chi Omega Sorority to Sears .
go to the Marston Hall by avoiding Robinson Gate if you reached the Marston Hall , then you can proceed to Robinson Gate .
go to the John Hay Library while avoiding the Salomon Center for Teaching
go to the College Green before going to Finlandia .
always avoid the Marcus Aurelius to navigate to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to Watson Center for Information Technology .
avoid Norwood House until going to the Saint Stephens Church .
go to Kassar House after going to Campus Market .
navigate to the J.W. Wilson avoiding Saint Stephens Church .
go to Lyman Hall
go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear by first going through the Campus Market .
go from the Kassar House to the Marston Hall .
remain on the John Hay Library and navigate to the Class of 1887 Gate .
pass through Brown Bear on your way to the Idee di pietra .
always avoid Hughes Court and go to the Shirley Miller House .
go from Blue Room to Brown Bear .
go to the Arnold Laboratory
go through the Shirley Miller House to get to Lot 18
go to the Hughes Court while avoiding Horace Mann House .
always avoid the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall , go to Marcus Aurelius .
go to or through Watson Center for Information Technology always avoid going to Robinson Hall through Robinson Hall
avoid Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop while navigating to Marcus Aurelius .
avoid the BERT and go to Shirley Miller House .
go to Class of 1887 Gate from the Hope College only .
go through the Starbucks to John Carter Brown Library .
go to the Starbucks through the Rockefeller Library
navigate to the Minden Hall by passing through the Blue Room .
go to Rockefeller Library and then to College Green
navigate to the Saint Stephens Church .
go to the Casey Shearer Memorial through Brown Bear .
avoid Prince Engineering Lab until you go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go through Maxcy Green to the Prince Engineering Lab .
navigate through BERT and go to the Rockefeller Library .
navigate to the Lippit House through the Class of 1887 Gate .
always avoid going to Soldiers Memorial Gate through the Lot 18
always avoid the Circle Dance Sculpture and travel to Brown Bear .
go to the Casey Shearer Memorial before going to Watson Center for Information Technology
go to Class of 1887 Gate but always avoid Campus Market .
go to Class of 1887 Gate through the Minden Hall
go to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
navigate to Caswell Hall .
always avoid going to John Nicholas Brown Gate through the Gardner House
go to Sayles Hall whilst avoiding the Sharpe Refectory .
avoid The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ and go to the Shirley Miller House .
go to the Minden Hall .
avoid J.W. Wilson and go to the Urban Environmental Lab .
always avoid going to Untitled Lamp/Bear through the Brown University Sciences Library
head to the Brown University Sciences Library , but make sure to go through the Sharpe Refectory first .
go to the Maxcy Hall while avoiding the Hope College and if you have reached the Maxcy Hall then you can go to the Hope College .
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology via the Lippit House .
stay on the Medical Research Lab and go to The Ivy Room .
go to Watson Center for Information Technology and avoid the Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to the Metcalf Research Building by avoiding War Memorial if you reached the Metcalf Research Building , then you can proceed to War Memorial .
go to the Van Wickle Gates without going through the Marston Hall .
go to the 67 George but avoid Medical Research Lab .
navigate to Brown Bear .
go to the Shirley Miller House and avoid Rockefeller Library .
without stepping in the Starbucks , go to List Art Building .
avoid The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ until you go to the Shirley Miller House .
go to the University Hall through the Van Wickle Gates
avoid Lincoln Field Building until going to the 67 George .
avoid the first and Maxcy Green and go to Brown Bear .
always go through Marston Hall and then to the Sharpe Refectory .
navigate to the Idee di pietra .
go to the John Carter Brown Library and avoid Slavery Memorial .
go through the Arnold Laboratory to Slavery Memorial .
navigate to the Wriston Quad .
move to the 86 Waterman  first then travel to Prince Engineering Lab .
go to Horace Mann House through the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to the Kassar House .
avoid the Rockefeller Library until you enter the Friedman Hall .
go to the Sayles Hall
go from the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology to Manning .
go to the Littlefield Hall .
go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority then Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to the Medical Research Lab through Alpha Chi Omega Sorority
head to the Hughes Court .
go to the The Ivy Room through William Goddard Memorial Gate .
avoid the P-131317 and navigate to the Class of 1887 Gate .
go to Brown University Sciences Library through the Horace Mann House .
go through the Lincoln Field Building to get to John Nicholas Brown Gate
avoid the second and Sharpe Refectory and go to the Wilbour Hall .
avoid Medical Research Lab until you go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to Robinson Hall but do not first pass through Casey Shearer Memorial .
get to Medical Research Lab , while avoiding Hughes Court
go through the Horace Mann House to the Metcalf Research Building .
go to the Hope College by touching the Barus Building .
go from the Hughes Court to Norwood House .
go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority and then to Sears
stay on the P-131317 while going to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to the Minden Hall through the Metcalf Research Building .
head to the Medical Research Lab avoiding Rhode Island Hall .
avoid Metcalf Research Building and go to Soldiers Memorial Gate if you 've reached Soldiers Memorial Gate then you can go to Metcalf Research Building .
go to the John Hay Library through Barus Building .
avoid the Starbucks until you go to Lippit House .
avoid Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology until you go to the Class of 1887 Gate .
go to Faunce House while staying on the Brown University .
go to the Marston Hall , then go to Walter Hall .
go to the Simmons Quadrangle then the Lyman Hall .
go to the Maxcy Hall .
go to the Carrie Tower .
avoid the Carrie Tower until going to Simmons Quadrangle .
navigate to the Caswell Hall while avoiding Minden Hall .
navigate to List Art Building , always avoiding 86 Waterman  .
avoid the Lot 18 until going to Van Wickle Gates .
navigate to the Class of 1887 Gate but do not pass through the Starbucks .
always avoid the 67 George and go to the Slavery Memorial .
navigate to John Hay Library .
avoid the P-131317 until you go to the 67 George .
navigate to the Lyman Hall through the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
navigate to the Van Wickle Gates .
head to J.W. Wilson after going to the Gardner House .
go to Slater Hall while always avoiding the Brown Bear
always avoid the Slavery Memorial , go to Arnold Laboratory .
go to the Walter Hall through The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
avoid the Class of 1872 Gate and go to the Caswell Hall .
proceed to the Salomon Center for Teaching by going through the College Green .
avoid John Hay Library until going to Robinson Gate .
avoid Swearer Center for Public Service and go to Hope College if you reached Hope College then you can go to Swearer Center for Public Service .
go from the John Hay Library to the Lippit House
always avoid the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority and go to William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to Kassar House
avoid University Hall and go to Friedman Hall .
go to the Rockefeller Library through the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority
go to the Blue Room .
go to the BERT while avoiding Shirley Miller House .
avoid the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop on your way to Saint Stephens Church .
robot , go to the Marcus Aurelius .
avoid Lippit House , and go to Lincoln Field Building .
go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall through the Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to the Hope College through Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
head to the Finlandia but first go to the Friedman Hall .
go to Shirley Miller House
go to or through the Wayland . always avoid going to the Wayland through Caswell Hall
avoid P-131317 until going to Mencoff Hall .
move to Campus Market but avoid Lincoln Field Building .
avoid Untitled Lamp/Bear and go to the Barus Building .
go through the Maddock Alumni  to Slavery Memorial .
always avoid the Lot 18 and navigate to the Wilbour Hall .
go to the Faunce House while always avoiding the Shirley Miller House
go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology by first going through Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
avoid the Brown Bear until you go to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Mencoff Hall whilst avoiding the Hegeman .
navigate to the Hope College but never go to the Maddock Alumni  .
go to the Quiet Green by first going through the University Hall .
go to Urban Environmental Lab then Prospect House .
go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences through the Simmons Quadrangle .
go to Finlandia .
go to Sayles Hall before going in the Marston Hall .
move to John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop through the College Green .
navigate through Simmons Quadrangle then go to Watson Center for Information Technology .
go through the 67 George before navigating to Untitled Lamp/Bear .
always avoid Littlefield Hall and go to the Shirley Miller House .
go to the Maddock Alumni  .
go to the John Hay Library by avoiding Wilbour Hall and then stay in the John Hay Library or continue to Wilbour Hall
go through Campus Market to the Robinson Gate .
go to List Art Building and then to Rhode Island Hall
go to or through the Rockefeller Library always avoid going to the Rockefeller Library through the Soldiers Memorial Gate
go up to the John Hay Library without going to Friedman Hall .
navigate to Faunce House .
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color avoiding Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to Brown Bear by avoiding the 67 George and then stay there or continue to the 67 George .
go from the John Carter Brown Library to the Barus Building
go from the Brown University Sciences Library to John Nicholas Brown Gate
navigate to Quiet Green through the Robinson Gate .
remain on the Untitled Lamp/Bear and navigate to the Slavery Memorial .
go through the Soldiers Memorial Gate to Idee di pietra .
go to the Hope College .
avoid Hughes Court and go to the Robinson Hall .
go to Van Wickle Gates .
from the Gardner House , navigate to Metcalf Research Building .
go up to Sears .
go to Kassar House only through the Brown University
go to Gardner House without going to Class of 1887 Gate
go to College Green through Lippit House
go to the Idee di pietra while always avoiding Maxcy Hall
go to the War Memorial while avoiding the Rockefeller Library and if you have reached the War Memorial then you can go to the Rockefeller Library .
go to the Gardner House without touching Marcus Aurelius .
go to Salomon Center for Teaching through Norwood House .
avoid the 86 Waterman  until navigating to the Wriston Quad .
avoid the John Hay Library until you go to the Minden Hall .
go to Class of 1887 Gate then go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
avoid the Slavery Memorial until reaching the Norwood House .
go to Lot 17 then Prospect House .
go to the Lot 17 and avoid the Maddock Alumni  .
always pass Hughes Court before Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to the Robinson Gate then the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go through Caswell Hall and navigate to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority through the Prospect House .
avoid the Lot 17 until going to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Quiet Green through the Rockefeller Library
go to Sayles Hall without going to Brown University
go through the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop before going to the Hughes Court .
go to the Caswell Hall through Brown University Sciences Library .
always go to Lot 17 before Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to the Arnold Laboratory before going to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
avoid College Green while going to the John Hay Library .
go through Simmons Quadrangle to Quiet Green .
move to the Prince Engineering Lab while avoiding the Hughes Court .
go to Prince Engineering Lab by avoiding the Sayles Hall and then stay there or continue to the Sayles Hall .
without stepping in the Wilbour Hall , go to Hughes Court .
go through the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate to get to Caswell Hall
avoid the Van Wickle Gates and go to the Walter Hall .
go to the Prince Engineering Lab .
go to Wriston Quad but avoid Class of 1872 Gate .
head to the War Memorial .
go to or through the Rhode Island Hall always avoid going to the Rhode Island Hall through the John Carter Brown Library
avoid Lot 18 until going to Urban Environmental Lab .
go to the Rockefeller Library before you go to Idee di pietra .
avoid the Caswell Hall and go to Shirley Miller House if you reached the Shirley Miller House , you can now go to the Caswell Hall or stay on Shirley Miller House .
avoid the War Memorial until you go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to the Walter Hall .
go through Prince Engineering Lab to Sears .
go from the The Ivy Room to Van Wickle Gates
avoid the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ until going to Saint Stephens Church .
avoid the Hope College before you navigate to the Finlandia .
go through the Slater Hall to the Class of 1872 Gate .
go to Brown Center for Students of Color then go to Prince Engineering Lab .
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology and then to Metcalf Research Building .
avoid GeoChem and Macmillian Hall until going to Van Wickle Gates .
avoid the Swearer Center for Public Service and go to the Minden Hall .
go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology before going to Saint Stephens Church .
go to the Caswell Hall without ever leaving the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to the Barus Building while avoiding the Blue Room
go to The Ivy Room .
go to Marston Hall through the Saint Stephens Church .
move to Prospect House , but travel to the Rockefeller Library first .
navigate to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ through the Walter Hall .
avoid the Casey Shearer Memorial and go to the Kassar House .
navigate to the Blue Room through the Lot 76 .
stay on the Prince Engineering Lab and go to Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching before going to the Brown University
go through the Manning to List Art Building .
stay on the Sayles Hall and go to the War Memorial .
avoid the Blue Room and go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to John Hay Library .
go through Brown University before going to the Gardner House .
go to Brown Center for Students of Color then go to Brown Center for Students of Color .
avoid the Lyman Hall and go to the Prince Engineering Lab .
avoid the Lippit House and go to the Caswell Hall .
avoid Soldiers Memorial Gate and go to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
avoiding the Slater Hall , go to Marcus Aurelius .
go to the Mencoff Hall while always avoiding the Slater Hall .
go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
always avoid going through the Lot 18 to the Hegeman
go to the War Memorial via John Nicholas Brown Gate .
always avoid Blue Room , and navigate to Medical Research Lab .
go to Robinson Gate and always avoid the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ
go through the Hope College to John Nicholas Brown Gate .
navigate through Barus Building to the Brown Bear .
navigate to John Carter Brown Library .
avoid the Norwood House while going to the Sears .
go up to the Marcus Aurelius without going to Manning .
avoid the Minden Hall and go to the 86 Waterman  .
avoid Casey Shearer Memorial and go to the Prospect House .
go up to the Horace Mann House without going to Lippit House .
go to the Brown Bear through the Slater Hall .
avoid Salomon Center for Teaching until navigating to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to the Sharpe Refectory only through the Salomon Center for Teaching
go to Lot 18 . then go directly to The Ivy Room
go to Brown Bear through the Prince Engineering Lab
go from the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity to the Minden Hall
go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate , avoiding Caswell Hall .
proceed to Idee di pietra but avoid Quiet Green on the way . if you have reached Idee di pietra then you can proceed to Quiet Green .
go to the Barus Building .
go to the Faunce House through the Brown Bear
go to the Kassar House while avoiding Medical Research Lab
avoid Circle Dance Sculpture until going to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to Faunce House and avoid the Prospect House .
go to Manning then go to the John Hay Library .
avoid J.W. Wilson until you go to the Citizen's Bank .
go to the Marcus Aurelius avoiding the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology . only if you reached the Marcus Aurelius then you may proceed to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
move to Salomon Center for Teaching without leaving the Campus Market .
navigate to Idee di pietra through the The Ivy Room .
go to the Manning by avoiding Class of 1872 Gate and then stay in the Manning or continue to Class of 1872 Gate
go to the Mencoff Hall through Swearer Center for Public Service
go to the Kassar House through the Simmons Quadrangle .
navigate to John Carter Brown Library through the Manning .
avoid the Mencoff Hall and go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
head to the Hughes Court avoiding Kassar House .
go to the Maddock Alumni  , then go to Blue Room .
go to the Mencoff Hall while avoiding The Ivy Room .
go to the Metcalf Research Building .
avoid Maddock Alumni  until going to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to or through the Marston Hall always avoid going to the Marston Hall through Slavery Memorial
go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity without going to Robinson Gate
go through the The Ivy Room to the Manning .
go to the Brown Bear before going to 67 George
go to the John Hay Library while always avoiding the Norwood House
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching through the Minden Hall
go to the Lot 18 through the Kassar House
avoid the Slavery Memorial until you go to Carrie Tower
go to Wilbour Hall , then up to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
avoid College Green and move into the Quiet Green .
go to Saint Stephens Church without entering the Lyman Hall .
go to Wayland and proceed to Robinson Hall .
go to Maxcy Green then go to Urban Environmental Lab .
go to the J.W. Wilson avoiding Robinson Hall .
go to BERT while staying on the Starbucks .
go through the Swearer Center for Public Service to the Carrie Tower .
always avoid the Minden Hall while navigating to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
do not go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology until going to Citizen's Bank
go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear through the Starbucks .
always avoid Saint Stephens Church and go to Lot 17 .
always avoid Horace Mann House , and navigate to Slater Hall .
go to Brown University Sciences Library only through the Faunce House
avoid Kassar House until navigating to the Finlandia .
do not go into the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ until going to Swearer Center for Public Service
go to the Arnold Laboratory and then head to Mencoff Hall .
navigate to the Kassar House .
go to the Idee di pietra .
avoid Slavery Memorial until you go to J.W. Wilson .
go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate whilst avoiding the Class of 1887 Gate .
go to the Rockefeller Library and avoid the 67 George .
go to Brown Bear .
travel to Hughes Court .
avoid the Walter Hall until going to Wriston Quad .
remain on the Lot 18 and go directly to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
avoid the Brown University Sciences Library until you go through the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
from the Brown University Sciences Library , navigate to Marston Hall .
go to Hughes Court , before going to Maxcy Green .
go to the Prince Engineering Lab , then go to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
move to Caswell Hall but avoid Brown Bear .
go to Metcalf Research Building and proceed to Salomon Center for Teaching .
approach the Rhode Island Hall while avoiding the Friedman Hall .
always avoid the Brown Center for Students of Color and navigate to the Sayles Hall .
go to Hughes Court and then go to the Friedman Hall .
go from the Maxcy Green to Brown Bear
move to the Wriston Quad first then travel to Brown University Sciences Library .
go to the J.W. Wilson through Class of 1887 Gate .
head to the William Goddard Memorial Gate without going through the Sears
avoid Barus Building and go to the Simmons Quadrangle .
go to Friedman Hall and then to Lyman Hall .
go to the Lot 18 but do not go to J.W. Wilson .
go to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
approach the Manning while avoiding the Friedman Hall .
navigate through Wriston Quad and go to the University Hall .
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology through the Lincoln Field Building .
go from the Marston Hall to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ
go to Rockefeller Library .
navigate to Maxcy Hall .
go through Finlandia before going to the Carrie Tower .
go to Saint Stephens Church after navigating to the Hope College .
avoid Lot 18 and go to Untitled Lamp/Bear if you reached Untitled Lamp/Bear then you can go to Lot 18 .
go to Brown Bear .
proceed to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority but do n't leave the Watson Center for Information Technology .
avoid Alpha Chi Omega Sorority until after reaching GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go through the John Carter Brown Library to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ
avoid the Lincoln Field Building until you go to Brown University .
avoid the Horace Mann House until you go to the Marston Hall .
go to Walter Hall through the Blue Room .
go to the Robinson Gate but avoid Littlefield Hall if you reached to the Robinson Gate then you can head to Littlefield Hall or stay put .
go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ then go to Blue Room .
always avoid GeoChem and Macmillian Hall and go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to War Memorial through the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go from the Faunce House to John Nicholas Brown Gate
go to the Blue Room through Mencoff Hall
always go through the Maxcy Hall and then to John Hay Library .
go to Starbucks then go to Medical Research Lab .
go to the John Hay Library before you go to John Hay Library .
go to the Prospect House while avoiding Prince Engineering Lab
go to the Prince Engineering Lab through Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
avoid the Norwood House until going to the Sayles Hall .
stay on the Medical Research Lab and go to the Finlandia .
go to the Wriston Quad but avoid Untitled Lamp/Bear .
from the Brown University Sciences Library , navigate to the Robinson Hall .
always pass Brown University Sciences Library before William Goddard Memorial Gate .
visit the Horace Mann House then go to the 67 George .
go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate through Idee di pietra
avoid Brown University and go to the Friedman Hall .
go to Lincoln Field Building through the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to Soldiers Memorial Gate and then to Lyman Hall
navigate to the Littlefield Hall .
move to the Blue Room , travelling through the Brown University .
go to Watson Center for Information Technology through the Brown Center for Students of Color .
avoid Shirley Miller House and go to Saint Stephens Church .
go to the BERT but never go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
move to the Slavery Memorial but ensure to go to the Caswell Hall first .
go to John Carter Brown Library and then go to the Maxcy Green .
go through the Brown Bear before going to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to Marston Hall
avoid the Carrie Tower until you navigate to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to Starbucks from the Horace Mann House only .
go to Salomon Center for Teaching through Brown University Sciences Library
go to the Idee di pietra .
go to Sharpe Refectory before going to the Quiet Green
go to the Caswell Hall avoiding Lot 18 .
avoid Medical Research Lab until after reaching Lyman Hall .
go to or through the Swearer Center for Public Service always avoid going to the Swearer Center for Public Service through the Robinson Gate
go to the Marston Hall before going to Metcalf Research Building
go to the Carrie Tower before going to the The Ivy Room .
avoid the Carrie Tower until you navigate to the Rhode Island Hall .
always navigate to Idee di pietra and then proceed to Manning .
go to Barus Building passing through the Maxcy Green .
go through the John Hay Library to the Prince Engineering Lab .
first navigate to Robinson Hall , then go to Wilbour Hall .
go through the Prince Engineering Lab to the Slavery Memorial .
navigate to the Arnold Laboratory .
go to anywhere on the 67 George .
go directly to Mencoff Hall
move to the Norwood House and then head to Class of 1887 Gate .
always go through the Idee di pietra before going to 86 Waterman  .
avoid the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences and go to Rhode Island Hall
go through Barus Building before going to the 86 Waterman  .
avoid the Marcus Aurelius until you go to the Brown University Sciences Library .
go to the Medical Research Lab , then go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences from the John Hay Library
go through the John Hay Library to the Starbucks .
avoid the Class of 1887 Gate before you navigate to the War Memorial .
avoid the Brown Center for Students of Color and go to Swearer Center for Public Service
go to the Class of 1887 Gate , and then go to the John Hay Library .
go to Minden Hall through the Simmons Quadrangle .
avoid the P-131317 and go to Maxcy Hall if you reached the Maxcy Hall , you can now go to the P-131317 or stay on Maxcy Hall .
avoid Van Wickle Gates and go to Medical Research Lab if you have reached Medical Research Lab then you can go to Van Wickle Gates .
go to or through Campus Market always avoid going to Saint Stephens Church through Saint Stephens Church
go to the Lincoln Field Building by avoiding Starbucks and then stay in the Lincoln Field Building or continue to Starbucks
go from the Prospect House to the Carrie Tower
navigate to the Gardner House while avoiding Robinson Hall .
navigate to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate after going to the Lot 18 .
go to Idee di pietra and then go to the Slavery Memorial .
go to the Barus Building while avoiding the Casey Shearer Memorial
go to anywhere on the Citizen's Bank .
go to the Gardner House before you navigate to Finlandia .
avoid the Marston Hall and go to Kassar House .
navigate to the Hope College avoiding Salomon Center for Teaching .
avoid Soldiers Memorial Gate until you go to Hughes Court .
go to Saint Stephens Church first , without passing through the Class of 1887 Gate
go to the Maxcy Green while avoiding the Gardner House
avoid Hegeman until going to the Marston Hall .
go to the Campus Market , then go to the Brown Bear .
first move to Wayland then navigate to the Marston Hall .
navigate to the Carrie Tower but never go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
always avoid going to Maddock Alumni  through the Kassar House
avoid the Circle Dance Sculpture until you go to Class of 1887 Gate
go to the Citizen's Bank
stay on the Sears and go to Hegeman .
go to Van Wickle Gates
go to Starbucks and avoid the BERT .
while always avoiding the War Memorial , go to Hughes Court .
go to Untitled Lamp/Bear , then go to Maxcy Hall .
avoid Littlefield Hall and go to the Saint Stephens Church .
start on the Minden Hall and move directly to Van Wickle Gates .
go to Littlefield Hall , then go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology
go to Finlandia and avoid the Lincoln Field Building .
move to the Hope College avoiding Urban Environmental Lab if you got to the Hope College then you can continue to Urban Environmental Lab .
go through Rockefeller Library before going to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
move to Caswell Hall but avoid Friedman Hall .
always avoid Swearer Center for Public Service and navigate to the Manning .
head to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to the Saint Stephens Church via Quiet Green .
go to the Hughes Court through the Hegeman .
stay on the Maxcy Green while going to the List Art Building .
go to the Metcalf Research Building from the Wriston Quad
go to the Littlefield Hall while avoiding University Hall
go to the Maxcy Hall , then proceed to Rhode Island Hall .
go to the Norwood House through Lyman Hall .
go through Rockefeller Library to the Van Wickle Gates .
avoid Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity and go to the John Hay Library .
avoid the 67 George until going to the Van Wickle Gates .
move to the Lyman Hall but go through P-131317 first .
go to the Kassar House through the College Green
go to the Carrie Tower while avoiding Kassar House
go to the Rockefeller Library through Brown Bear .
always avoid going through Simmons Quadrangle
go through Soldiers Memorial Gate to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to Maxcy Green but always stay away from Brown University Sciences Library .
go to or through the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology , but avoid going to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology through the P-131317
go through the Citizen's Bank to the Robinson Gate .
always avoid going through the Salomon Center for Teaching to the Class of 1887 Gate
avoiding the Barus Building , go to Blue Room .
go to the Lippit House after going to the Brown University Sciences Library .
avoid the Kassar House until you reach Class of 1872 Gate .
go to Horace Mann House through the Marston Hall .
go to the BERT while always avoiding the Lot 18
without stepping in the Van Wickle Gates , go to Wriston Quad .
go to Swearer Center for Public Service .
avoid the Wayland until reaching the Carrie Tower .
advance to Lyman Hall but always avoid the Finlandia .
move to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology without leaving the Finlandia .
go to List Art Building and avoid the BERT .
go from the Wayland to the Brown Bear
go through Medical Research Lab and then to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
always avoid Hegeman and go through the Van Wickle Gates .
navigate to the Slavery Memorial through the Class of 1887 Gate .
avoid Wilbour Hall and move into the The Ivy Room .
go to the Manning . if you reached the Manning then you may go to the War Memorial .
avoid Arnold Laboratory until you go to Prospect House .
go to the Hope College before going to John Hay Library
move to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to the Arnold Laboratory and then go directly to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to the Campus Market and then go directly to the War Memorial .
go to the John Carter Brown Library by first going through Lot 76 .
go to the Prospect House then the Prince Engineering Lab .
go to Kassar House and then to Brown University
go to the Norwood House and avoid Marston Hall .
navigate to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop while avoiding the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
avoid the Horace Mann House until you go to the Starbucks .
avoid the Class of 1872 Gate until you go to the Blue Room .
go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate via Idee di pietra .
go to P-131317 and proceed to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to Lyman Hall and then to Horace Mann House
go to the Wriston Quad avoiding the Circle Dance Sculpture . only if you reached the Wriston Quad then you may proceed to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to the College Green avoiding the Class of 1872 Gate . go through the College Green to get to the Class of 1872 Gate .
go to Idee di pietra and always avoid the Faunce House
go to the Quiet Green by first going through Maxcy Green .
go to The Ivy Room from the Urban Environmental Lab only .
avoid the William Goddard Memorial Gate until you go to the J.W. Wilson .
go to the Caswell Hall through the Sharpe Refectory .
go to War Memorial . then go directly to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ
go to Robinson Gate , then go to College Green .
go to the Wayland while avoiding P-131317 .
go to the Brown Bear then go to the Lot 18 .
go to Quiet Green whilst avoiding the BERT .
proceed to the Walter Hall .
go to the 67 George without going to the BERT .
go to the Blue Room before you navigate to Brown University Sciences Library .
go to the Mencoff Hall .
avoid the Soldiers Memorial Gate while going to the Class of 1887 Gate .
go through the Lincoln Field Building first , then go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
always go through the Urban Environmental Lab before going to Salomon Center for Teaching .
avoid the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority and go to the Class of 1872 Gate .
always pass Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop before Marston Hall .
avoid the Salomon Center for Teaching and go to the Class of 1872 Gate .
go to the Prospect House through Lot 76
navigate to the Gardner House .
move to the Arnold Laboratory .
go to Caswell Hall via the Marston Hall .
move to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology and then the John Carter Brown Library .
go to Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to the Lot 17 .
go to the Quiet Green or the Campus Market only .
go to the Sears without ever leaving the Hope College .
go to the Wriston Quad before going to Rockefeller Library
go to Hegeman through Citizen's Bank
first navigate to the Wilbour Hall , then make your way to the Maxcy Hall .
go to or through the J.W. Wilson always avoid going through the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority
go to the Urban Environmental Lab avoiding Slater Hall .
avoid Kassar House until you navigate to Campus Market .
do not go to Urban Environmental Lab until going to Mencoff Hall
go to Marston Hall by going through Sayles Hall
go through the Lot 17 to the Hope College .
go to the Prospect House
go to or through the Brown Bear . always avoid going to the Brown Bear through Quiet Green
avoid the Circle Dance Sculpture and go to Wilbour Hall .
always go through the Finlandia before going to Horace Mann House .
go to Littlefield Hall then go to Simmons Quadrangle .
go to Hughes Court through the Blue Room .
go to Littlefield Hall but do not enter the University Hall first .
go to the 67 George while avoiding the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology
go to the Urban Environmental Lab before you go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
avoid the Wriston Quad and go to the Maddock Alumni  .
avoid Brown Bear until going to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
remain on the Hughes Court and go directly to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to the Carrie Tower but avoid the Starbucks .
avoid BERT and go to the Maxcy Green .
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate through Robinson Gate .
go to Wilbour Hall
move to Sears after moving to the Gardner House .
go to the Slavery Memorial but do not enter the Citizen's Bank first .
first go to Barus Building , then go to the Prince Engineering Lab .
go to Maxcy Green through the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to the Blue Room .
go to the Class of 1887 Gate without going to the Idee di pietra .
navigate to the William Goddard Memorial Gate before you go to Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to the Wilbour Hall or the Friedman Hall only .
avoid the Slater Hall and go to Walter Hall .
go to the Lippit House without ever leaving the P-131317 .
avoid the The Ivy Room until reaching the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
move to the Marston Hall without leaving the Arnold Laboratory .
go to Blue Room then go to the Friedman Hall .
go to the Van Wickle Gates , then go to the Campus Market
go to the P-131317 .
navigate through Minden Hall then go to Slater Hall .
avoid the first and Saint Stephens Church and go to Brown Bear .
go to or through Littlefield Hall avoiding going through Casey Shearer Memorial
navigate to the Faunce House .
go to the Blue Room without going to the College Green
go to Blue Room but do not first pass through Faunce House .
go through Brown Bear and navigate to the Class of 1887 Gate .
go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology , then proceed to Robinson Hall .
go to the Marcus Aurelius through Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
navigate to the Wayland after going to the Maxcy Green .
go to the The Ivy Room
navigate through Circle Dance Sculpture and go to the Marcus Aurelius .
go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall , avoiding the Starbucks
stay on the Van Wickle Gates and move to John Carter Brown Library .
go to the Finlandia .
go to the Hope College but avoid the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to the Class of 1887 Gate via Sears .
go to the College Green but avoid Class of 1887 Gate .
from the Brown University Sciences Library , navigate to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to or through the Hegeman always avoid going through the P-131317
go through the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop before going to the Medical Research Lab .
go to the Lincoln Field Building before going to Kassar House
go to the Sharpe Refectory by first going through Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to the Lot 17 through the Wayland .
avoid the Sayles Hall until you navigate to the Saint Stephens Church .
navigate to the Robinson Gate .
go to the College Green , then go to the Van Wickle Gates .
avoid the Lincoln Field Building and go to the Simmons Quadrangle .
avoid the Brown Center for Students of Color and the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall and go to Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to the Wilbour Hall , and then go to the Faunce House .
go through the Littlefield Hall before going to the Prince Engineering Lab .
go to the Rockefeller Library via Wriston Quad .
go through the John Carter Brown Library to Arnold Laboratory .
go to Casey Shearer Memorial , avoiding the Brown Bear
go through Hegeman to the Robinson Gate .
move to the Norwood House first then travel to Metcalf Research Building .
stay on the War Memorial and navigate to Maxcy Green .
go to Idee di pietra before going to the Slater Hall .
go to the Marston Hall by first visiting Campus Market .
go to the College Green avoiding Starbucks if you reached the College Green then you may go to Starbucks .
go to the Rockefeller Library .
go directly to Lot 17
go to Brown Bear without first passing through Class of 1887 Gate .
go to Lot 17 then go to John Hay Library .
always pass through the Maxcy Green to get to Lyman Hall .
head to Class of 1887 Gate after going to the Caswell Hall .
navigate to Norwood House through the Citizen's Bank .
go to Quiet Green and proceed to Carrie Tower .
navigate to Hegeman .
stay on the Maxcy Green and move to Caswell Hall .
go to John Hay Library and avoid 2nd and Casey Shearer Memorial
avoid Prince Engineering Lab , and go to Carrie Tower .
go to the Wilbour Hall , then go to the Medical Research Lab .
head to Simmons Quadrangle after going to the Mencoff Hall .
go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear
always avoid Marston Hall and go to the Rockefeller Library .
go to the War Memorial , then go to the Arnold Laboratory
go to the Minden Hall .
avoid the Wilbour Hall until you go to Lippit House .
go to the Idee di pietra then move to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to the Lincoln Field Building by first going through the Kassar House .
without stepping in the Sharpe Refectory , go to Mencoff Hall .
go to the Van Wickle Gates before going to Caswell Hall .
go to J.W. Wilson .
go to Wilbour Hall before going to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
avoid the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences until you enter the Sayles Hall .
avoid the Lot 18 and go to Swearer Center for Public Service if you reached the Swearer Center for Public Service , you can now go to the Lot 18 or stay on Swearer Center for Public Service .
pass through the Lippit House before going to the Mencoff Hall .
avoid the Metcalf Research Building until you go to Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to Marston Hall , then go to Saint Stephens Church
avoid Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology and go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology and then go to College Green .
go to the Lot 76 avoiding the Lot 76 . if you reached the Swearer Center for Public Service you can stay there , or head to the Lot 76 .
go to the John Hay Library through the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
avoid the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology until you go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to the Barus Building but do not enter the Littlefield Hall first .
go to the Casey Shearer Memorial while always avoiding John Carter Brown Library
always go from the Wayland to the Robinson Gate .
go through the Carrie Tower to Prince Engineering Lab .
move to the Mencoff Hall without leaving the BERT .
go to Quiet Green
move to the Brown Bear first then travel to Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate , but do not go to Maddock Alumni  .
avoid the Hughes Court until going to the 86 Waterman  .
go from the Shirley Miller House to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop
go through the Lippit House to Lot 18 .
navigate to the Circle Dance Sculpture through the Sears .
go to Hegeman .
avoid the Brown Center for Students of Color and go to Friedman Hall .
go to Slavery Memorial , avoid the Barus Building until you have been to the Slavery Memorial
go from the Robinson Hall to the Soldiers Memorial Gate
go to the List Art Building through the BERT .
go through the Van Wickle Gates to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to the Minden Hall .
navigate to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to the The Ivy Room but avoid List Art Building .
go to the Lot 76 , then go to Lot 17 .
go to the Hughes Court and then go to the Brown Bear .
go through the Saint Stephens Church to the BERT .
avoid the Lot 18 and go to Maxcy Green
navigate to Wayland .
go to the Sharpe Refectory .
avoid Class of 1887 Gate and go to Mencoff Hall .
avoid the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop until you reach Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to the Wriston Quad without touching William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ then the Sears .
navigate to the Marcus Aurelius then continue to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
navigate to the Manning .
go to Lyman Hall , then up to Sayles Hall .
proceed to the Saint Stephens Church .
avoid List Art Building until navigating to the Brown Bear .
go to the Rhode Island Hall whilst avoiding the Quiet Green .
navigate to the Prospect House by passing through the Class of 1872 Gate .
go to or through the Maxcy Green . always avoid going to the Maxcy Green through Brown Center for Students of Color
avoid the Robinson Gate until you go to the Shirley Miller House .
avoid the first and 86 Waterman  and go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to anywhere on the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
move to anywhere on the Campus Market , then move to anywhere on the Lot 17 .
avoid the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ until going through List Art Building .
navigate to Finlandia then continue to the Lippit House .
avoid List Art Building and go to the Brown Bear .
go to the Caswell Hall .
do not go into the Norwood House until going to Lippit House
avoid the University Hall until you go to Lot 17 .
always avoid the Wriston Quad , go to the Brown University Sciences Library .
avoid the Van Wickle Gates until navigating to the Brown Bear .
avoid Van Wickle Gates until going to the Horace Mann House .
avoid Van Wickle Gates and go to Hegeman .
go through Carrie Tower before going to the Barus Building .
avoid Friedman Hall until going to Robinson Hall .
go to the Van Wickle Gates
avoid P-131317 until going to the Maxcy Green .
travel through the Prince Engineering Lab then go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
avoid Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences until going to Faunce House .
go to the Shirley Miller House from the Lippit House
go to Slater Hall
go to the Finlandia through the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
avoid Hope College until navigating to List Art Building .
go to the Class of 1887 Gate , then go to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
always avoid Idee di pietra and go through the Sayles Hall .
go to Maxcy Green , but do not go to Maddock Alumni  .
move to the Finlandia .
always navigate to John Carter Brown Library and then proceed to Hegeman .
go to Wilbour Hall then go to the Class of 1887 Gate .
go to the Casey Shearer Memorial by first going through the Faunce House .
avoid Class of 1872 Gate until you go to the Brown University .
go to or through the Slater Hall while avoiding going through the P-131317
go directly to 67 George
navigate to the Simmons Quadrangle via the Maddock Alumni  .
go to the Barus Building avoiding the Barus Building . if you reached the John Carter Brown Library you can stay there , or head to the Barus Building .
avoid Horace Mann House while navigating to Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to Lot 76 through the Maddock Alumni 
go to Blue Room while always avoiding the Class of 1887 Gate .
avoid Citizen's Bank until going to Marston Hall .
avoid Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology and go to the Marston Hall .
move to the College Green .
head to List Art Building after going to the Wayland .
navigate to the Shirley Miller House .
advance to Kassar House but always avoid the John Hay Library .
avoid the Slater Hall until going to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to the Wilbour Hall then go to Slater Hall .
go to the Wayland
move to the Sharpe Refectory without leaving the Brown Bear .
move to Class of 1887 Gate from the War Memorial .
always avoid the Gardner House , go to Brown University Sciences Library .
go to the Campus Market and avoid Starbucks .
go to the Quiet Green while always avoiding the Urban Environmental Lab .
move to the Mencoff Hall .
go to Rhode Island Hall .
go to the Campus Market only through the Arnold Laboratory
approach the Lot 76 while avoiding the Walter Hall .
always go through the BERT before going to War Memorial .
go to the Wriston Quad only through the Lot 18
go to the Littlefield Hall , then go to the Robinson Hall
go through Barus Building to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop through the List Art Building .
go to Friedman Hall
go to or through the Simmons Quadrangle while avoiding going through the Marcus Aurelius
navigate through The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ to the Brown University .
go to anywhere on the Rhode Island Hall .
go to 1 Lippit House after BERT
navigate to the Arnold Laboratory through the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
move towards Maxcy Green and then to Hughes Court .
go to the P-131317
go to the War Memorial , then head to the Gardner House .
navigate to the Campus Market .
go to the Norwood House while avoiding the Starbucks
go through Morgan Witter Rogers Gate to the Blue Room .
navigate to Idee di pietra .
go to Brown University
avoid the Maxcy Green before you navigate to the University Hall .
go to the Marston Hall by avoiding Slater Hall and then stay in the Marston Hall or continue to Slater Hall
always avoid Sayles Hall and navigate to Circle Dance Sculpture .
avoid the Circle Dance Sculpture until going to the Faunce House .
go to the Urban Environmental Lab through the Barus Building .
go to the John Hay Library avoiding Mencoff Hall .
move to Shirley Miller House , but travel to the Mencoff Hall first .
avoid Slater Hall until navigating to the Caswell Hall .
go to Robinson Gate through the Hope College
go to Robinson Gate , but never through it
move to the Carrie Tower and then head to Medical Research Lab .
go to John Hay Library before going to Swearer Center for Public Service .
navigate to Van Wickle Gates through the Gardner House .
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity through Sayles Hall
travel to the Maddock Alumni  and then go to Littlefield Hall .
navigate to the College Green .
from the Prince Engineering Lab , navigate to Kassar House .
go to Soldiers Memorial Gate . then go directly to Hegeman
go to Quiet Green and always avoid the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop
move to the Maxcy Green then continue to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to the University Hall but do not go to William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to anywhere on the Van Wickle Gates .
go to War Memorial .
avoiding the Lot 76 , go to Lyman Hall .
avoid Faunce House until going to Mencoff Hall .
navigate to the Metcalf Research Building while avoiding the Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to the BERT through The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to the Hughes Court but avoid Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to the Lot 18
always avoid the John Hay Library while navigating to Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop before you navigate to Quiet Green .
go to the Horace Mann House by first going to the Shirley Miller House .
go to the Lot 17 through Maddock Alumni  .
go to the Barus Building , then go to Maddock Alumni  .
navigate to the Metcalf Research Building .
navigate to the J.W. Wilson but do n't ever go to Robinson Hall .
avoid the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall and navigate to the Lyman Hall .
avoid the second and Manning and go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to the John Hay Library by avoiding Robinson Gate if you reached the John Hay Library , then you can proceed to Robinson Gate .
navigate through Faunce House and go to the Sharpe Refectory .
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology but do not enter the Wilbour Hall first .
robot , go to the Littlefield Hall .
avoid Lot 18 until you go to the Shirley Miller House .
move to the Idee di pietra avoiding Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology if you got to the Idee di pietra then you can continue to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to Slater Hall through Horace Mann House .
go to Lincoln Field Building
always avoid the Arnold Laboratory to navigate to Robinson Hall .
navigate directly to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
avoid the Robinson Hall until you navigate to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
always go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity before Wriston Quad .
avoid Alpha Chi Omega Sorority until you go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
avoid Van Wickle Gates and go to the Slavery Memorial .
always avoid GeoChem and Macmillian Hall and go to the Class of 1887 Gate .
move to Wriston Quad from the 86 Waterman  .
stay on the Simmons Quadrangle while navigating to Kassar House .
go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear while always avoiding the Brown University Sciences Library
avoid the Urban Environmental Lab until going to Prospect House .
navigate to the Brown Bear always passing through the Circle Dance Sculpture .
move to Salomon Center for Teaching but avoid Sears .
move to the Minden Hall .
go to the Brown Bear through Van Wickle Gates .
from the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate , navigate to Maxcy Green .
go to the Wriston Quad .
go to Casey Shearer Memorial through the Watson Center for Information Technology .
avoid the Finlandia and go to Maxcy Green .
go to the Medical Research Lab but avoid the 86 Waterman  .
go to the Idee di pietra .
avoid the University Hall until after you 've gone to the Brown Bear .
navigate to the Robinson Hall before going to the College Green .
always go to Wilbour Hall before Rockefeller Library .
go to Robinson Gate and then go to the John Hay Library .
go to the Barus Building without going to Barus Building .
avoid the Simmons Quadrangle and go to Barus Building .
avoid the Maxcy Green and travel to the Hope College .
go to Prince Engineering Lab while always avoiding the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall
go through the Swearer Center for Public Service , then make your way to Slater Hall .
go to the John Carter Brown Library .
avoid Casey Shearer Memorial until going to the Robinson Hall .
avoid Caswell Hall and move into the Hughes Court .
go to the Van Wickle Gates , then go to the Arnold Laboratory .
go to Slater Hall and then to Prospect House
avoid the Wilbour Hall until you navigate to Idee di pietra .
go to Lot 17 through the Wilbour Hall .
always navigate to Salomon Center for Teaching and then proceed to Prince Engineering Lab .
avoid Hegeman and go to the The Ivy Room .
go to the Starbucks then the University Hall .
go to the Arnold Laboratory through the Saint Stephens Church .
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity
navigate from the BERT to the Finlandia .
get to Salomon Center for Teaching , while avoiding BERT
go to the Hegeman without going to the Starbucks .
go to the Prospect House while always avoiding Class of 1887 Gate
go to the John Hay Library then go to the Lippit House .
avoid Soldiers Memorial Gate and go to the Littlefield Hall .
go to the Horace Mann House .
avoid Casey Shearer Memorial until going to Hope College .
go to Marcus Aurelius then go to Marcus Aurelius .
avoid the Walter Hall until you navigate to Blue Room .
go to Robinson Hall through the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology
go to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology while avoiding the John Hay Library .
move to the Wriston Quad , travelling through the Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to The Ivy Room but do not first pass through Norwood House .
avoid Idee di pietra until going to the Van Wickle Gates .
first go to Robinson Gate , then go to the Manning .
go to anywhere on the 86 Waterman  .
always avoid Friedman Hall and navigate to the Starbucks .
go to the College Green through the War Memorial
robot , go to the P-131317 .
move to Barus Building without entering the Shirley Miller House . then you may stay at Barus Building or go to the Shirley Miller House .
navigate to the Hughes Court .
navigate to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ , and then navigate to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
always avoid the Metcalf Research Building , go to the 86 Waterman  .
first move to Untitled Lamp/Bear then navigate to the Barus Building .
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate while avoiding Maddock Alumni  .
head to the Sharpe Refectory without going through the Sayles Hall
travel to John Hay Library .
go to Starbucks but always stay away from Medical Research Lab .
go to the Circle Dance Sculpture avoiding Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go through the Van Wickle Gates to the Wayland .
avoid Horace Mann House until you go to the Lincoln Field Building .
advance to Wilbour Hall but always avoid the Lincoln Field Building .
go directly to Caswell Hall .
navigate to the Brown Bear through the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to Urban Environmental Lab by avoiding the University Hall and then stay there or continue to the University Hall .
go to Watson Center for Information Technology before going to the Medical Research Lab
avoid the List Art Building until you go to Walter Hall .
go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate before going to P-131317
avoid Minden Hall and go to the Urban Environmental Lab .
go to Starbucks through the Maxcy Hall
avoid the Swearer Center for Public Service and go to the Hegeman .
avoid the Maxcy Hall on the way to University Hall .
go to the John Carter Brown Library .
go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear but do not enter the Hegeman first .
avoid the Maxcy Green and go to Sharpe Refectory .
go to Lincoln Field Building , but do not go to Brown University .
avoid Sayles Hall until you go to The Ivy Room .
go to Minden Hall but always stay away from Caswell Hall .
navigate to the 67 George .
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate
avoid the Saint Stephens Church and go to Watson Center for Information Technology
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching by touching the Lincoln Field Building .
go to P-131317 . then go directly to Faunce House
go to The Ivy Room but remain on the Simmons Quadrangle .
navigate to the Prospect House always avoiding the Maddock Alumni  .
go to the Swearer Center for Public Service while avoiding Norwood House and the Norwood House
go through Citizen's Bank on your way to the Brown University Sciences Library .
avoid the second and The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ and go to the Slater Hall .
first move to Finlandia then navigate to the The Ivy Room .
avoid Rockefeller Library until after the Lot 18
head to The Ivy Room after going to the Caswell Hall .
go to the Circle Dance Sculpture through Lot 18 .
go from the Sayles Hall to the Class of 1872 Gate
move to the Faunce House .
move to the Quiet Green , travelling through the Carrie Tower .
head to the Minden Hall and then head to the Hughes Court .
go through the Mencoff Hall before going to Soldiers Memorial Gate
go to William Goddard Memorial Gate but remain on the 67 George .
go through the Lot 17 to Class of 1887 Gate .
go to the Sayles Hall avoiding Saint Stephens Church .
avoid College Green until going to the Brown University .
navigate to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity then continue to the Urban Environmental Lab .
head to the Carrie Tower but first go to the Van Wickle Gates .
move to the Sayles Hall .
go to Hughes Court through the Saint Stephens Church
go to the The Ivy Room but do not enter the Class of 1887 Gate first .
go to Soldiers Memorial Gate via the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go from the Circle Dance Sculpture to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity
go from the Lot 76 to Minden Hall .
go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences then Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to the Arnold Laboratory , then go to the Walter Hall .
go to the Sears , and then go to the Finlandia .
navigate to the Slater Hall through the Prince Engineering Lab .
go through the Mencoff Hall before going to the Lot 17 .
go to the Brown Bear .
go to Maxcy Hall and always avoid the Quiet Green
always avoid going to Shirley Miller House through the William Goddard Memorial Gate
stay on the John Nicholas Brown Gate and go to Citizen's Bank .
go to Lippit House via the Wilbour Hall .
go to Saint Stephens Church , avoiding the Medical Research Lab
go from the Lot 76 to the University Hall
go through Lot 18 before going to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to Gardner House through John Nicholas Brown Gate .
always avoid the Robinson Hall to navigate to War Memorial .
avoid the Lippit House until you go to Norwood House .
navigate to the Van Wickle Gates before going to the Caswell Hall .
avoid the War Memorial until going to the Kassar House .
go to the Minden Hall . if you reached the Minden Hall then you may go to the Starbucks .
go through the Gardner House to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to Blue Room through the John Hay Library .
navigate to the Horace Mann House , always avoiding the Slater Hall .
go to Maxcy Green through the Carrie Tower
go to the Maxcy Green by going through Maxcy Hall .
avoid Walter Hall until you go to the Lyman Hall .
go to Minden Hall always avoiding the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology
avoid Wilbour Hall until going to John Carter Brown Library .
go to the Lot 18 .
go to the P-131317 .
go through Shirley Miller House to the Class of 1887 Gate .
navigate to the Littlefield Hall .
navigate directly to the J.W. Wilson .
go to the Lot 17 by touching the 86 Waterman  .
go through the Maddock Alumni  before navigating to List Art Building .
go to Wayland , but never through it
proceed to Kassar House without going through the Simmons Quadrangle .
go to the Brown University Sciences Library through the Idee di pietra .
go through the Wilbour Hall to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to the 86 Waterman 
stay on the Minden Hall and navigate to Hegeman .
go to the Hegeman without going to Hegeman .
go to Arnold Laboratory via the Robinson Gate .
go to the Horace Mann House through the Salomon Center for Teaching .
go through the Sears to College Green .
go to Brown Bear passing through the Kassar House .
avoid Hughes Court and go to Maxcy Hall .
avoid Blue Room until going to Brown University .
go to the Citizen's Bank without going to the Lot 18 .
avoid the 67 George and go to the Rockefeller Library .
go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate and then to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
navigate to Robinson Gate .
go to the List Art Building through the Maddock Alumni 
go to the Robinson Gate .
avoid the Lot 17 until going to the Lot 76 .
go to the Lyman Hall while avoiding 67 George
pass through the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall before going to the Kassar House .
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall , then go to Simmons Quadrangle .
avoid the Caswell Hall until going to the Sears .
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate
go to Manning but always avoid Hope College .
move to the BERT .
always avoid the Robinson Hall while navigating to Idee di pietra .
navigate to the Maddock Alumni  while avoiding Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to Prospect House through the Van Wickle Gates .
go to Sharpe Refectory .
go to the Lincoln Field Building and then go directly to the P-131317 .
navigate to the Saint Stephens Church while avoiding Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go from the Soldiers Memorial Gate to the Simmons Quadrangle
avoid the Arnold Laboratory on your way to Lincoln Field Building .
go to Caswell Hall while avoiding the first and Barus Building .
move to the Lippit House and then the Lot 18 .
go to the Arnold Laboratory .
go to the Mencoff Hall before going to Van Wickle Gates .
go through the Van Wickle Gates before going to Manning
first go to the List Art Building and then go to Blue Room .
go to the Carrie Tower and if you have reached the Carrie Tower you may proceed to the Simmons Quadrangle or stay in the Carrie Tower .
go through the Slater Hall to the Wilbour Hall .
go through the College Green to the William Goddard Memorial Gate
go to the Finlandia , then go to Hughes Court .
navigate to the Marcus Aurelius through the Hope College .
move to the Wriston Quad .
go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate whilst avoiding the The Ivy Room .
stay on the Shirley Miller House to get to Idee di pietra .
go to Mencoff Hall but avoid Brown Bear .
avoid the Norwood House and go to the Maxcy Hall .
avoid the first and Minden Hall and go to Slavery Memorial .
go through Wayland to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
avoid the Brown University until going to the The Ivy Room .
go to the Citizen's Bank
go to the Manning avoiding Morgan Witter Rogers Gate if you reached the Manning then you may go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to the John Hay Library while avoiding Class of 1887 Gate .
from the Hegeman , navigate to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to the Robinson Hall .
avoid Robinson Gate until you go to the Van Wickle Gates .
go through the P-131317 to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear through the Lot 17 .
go through Campus Market to Robinson Hall .
move to the List Art Building by going through the John Hay Library
avoid the Norwood House while going to the Mencoff Hall .
avoid the Sharpe Refectory and the Untitled Lamp/Bear and go to Sharpe Refectory .
while always avoiding the Blue Room , go to BERT .
travel through the Idee di pietra then go to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
avoid the University Hall and go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to the Wayland then go to the Brown University .
go to the Brown University Sciences Library without going to the Quiet Green . if you reached the Brown University Sciences Library , now you can go to the Quiet Green .
avoid the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology and go to the Van Wickle Gates .
go through the Hegeman before going to Brown University
go to the Citizen's Bank .
navigate to the Sharpe Refectory .
always pass Walter Hall before Carrie Tower .
go to the Lot 18 avoiding Robinson Gate .
go to Urban Environmental Lab but do not first pass through P-131317 .
go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear and then go to Maxcy Green .
go to Hughes Court via the Lot 76 .
go through List Art Building to the Metcalf Research Building .
avoid the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop on your way to the John Hay Library . once you get to the John Hay Library you can to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
avoid the BERT until going through Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to the University Hall through the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
avoid the Starbucks and go to the Class of 1887 Gate .
avoid Hegeman while navigating to Shirley Miller House .
always go through Lot 18 and then to the Hegeman .
go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences through the Manning .
navigate to John Hay Library .
go to Slavery Memorial , then head to the Norwood House .
navigate to the Hegeman before going to the Lyman Hall .
move to the 86 Waterman  .
move toward the Marcus Aurelius .
go to the Wriston Quad before you go to Robinson Gate .
go to the John Carter Brown Library .
avoid the Marcus Aurelius until you navigate to the Lippit House .
avoid the Rhode Island Hall until you navigate to Lyman Hall .
go to the Prince Engineering Lab but do not go through the Blue Room first .
move to the Rockefeller Library and then head to Kassar House .
go to the Idee di pietra through Minden Hall
go to the Sears by first going through the Marcus Aurelius .
go to Carrie Tower .
first navigate to 67 George , then go to Marcus Aurelius .
always avoid Lot 18 and go to Minden Hall .
go to the Prospect House first
go to Sharpe Refectory , before going to Arnold Laboratory .
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall whilst avoiding the War Memorial .
avoid the Walter Hall and go to Slavery Memorial .
go to the Lot 17 .
go to the Class of 1887 Gate
go through the Slavery Memorial and navigate to the Marston Hall .
go to BERT , before going to Blue Room .
go to Friedman Hall then go to Brown Bear .
go to the College Green and then to War Memorial .
navigate to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ through the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
navigate to Prospect House through the Lippit House .
go to Wayland and then to Maxcy Hall .
avoid the John Hay Library until you navigate to Sayles Hall .
always avoid the Maddock Alumni  to navigate to Gardner House .
go through Robinson Gate to the University Hall .
go to Untitled Lamp/Bear then go to Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to or through the Horace Mann House always avoid going through the Manning
navigate to 67 George through the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go through the Lot 18 before going to the Citizen's Bank .
go directly to Maxcy Hall
go to Class of 1872 Gate , then go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to the J.W. Wilson , then go to the John Hay Library .
avoid the BERT on the way to Brown Bear .
go to the Quiet Green but do not go through the Hope College first .
go to 1 Arnold Laboratory after Citizen's Bank
avoid Soldiers Memorial Gate and go to Horace Mann House if you reached Horace Mann House then you can go to Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go through Maddock Alumni  to the Urban Environmental Lab .
move to the Sharpe Refectory .
go to Marcus Aurelius
go to the Idee di pietra through the Manning
avoid Minden Hall and go to the Urban Environmental Lab .
visit Soldiers Memorial Gate but do n't leave the Robinson Hall .
from the Metcalf Research Building go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
avoid the Walter Hall until going to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate , then go to Metcalf Research Building .
always avoid Wayland and go to the Saint Stephens Church .
navigate to 86 Waterman  .
go to the Van Wickle Gates via the Slater Hall .
go to Walter Hall after navigating to the BERT .
avoid Wayland until going to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to the Robinson Hall avoiding the Shirley Miller House . go through the Robinson Hall to get to the Shirley Miller House .
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
avoid the Prince Engineering Lab until you go to the Van Wickle Gates .
go from the Friedman Hall to the Norwood House
go through the Norwood House to Idee di pietra .
avoid Lot 18 and go to Rhode Island Hall .
avoid Alpha Chi Omega Sorority while navigating to Minden Hall .
go to University Hall .
go to the Maxcy Hall , avoiding Caswell Hall .
travel through the College Green then go to the Maxcy Green .
move to the Urban Environmental Lab while avoiding the Lippit House .
go to or through the Watson Center for Information Technology always avoid going to the Watson Center for Information Technology through the Casey Shearer Memorial
avoid Simmons Quadrangle until you go to the Littlefield Hall .
go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology but avoid the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate and avoid the Carrie Tower .
visit the Hughes Court and then proceed to the The Ivy Room .
go to the Rhode Island Hall .
always go through the Rhode Island Hall before going to Urban Environmental Lab .
go to the Brown Bear and if you have reached the Brown Bear you may proceed to the 86 Waterman  or stay in the Brown Bear .
travel to the Wayland and then go to Marcus Aurelius .
always avoid going to Rockefeller Library through the Sharpe Refectory
go to Robinson Hall and then to Van Wickle Gates
go to Blue Room . then go directly to Untitled Lamp/Bear
go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate before going to Lot 76 .
go through the Circle Dance Sculpture before going to the 67 George .
navigate to Finlandia through the Wriston Quad .
go to Wriston Quad
avoid the Hegeman and go to the Lot 76 .
navigate to Hegeman then continue to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Class of 1887 Gate , then go to Citizen's Bank .
head to the Walter Hall avoiding Brown University .
avoid Idee di pietra until going to P-131317 .
avoid Kassar House and go to Saint Stephens Church .
avoid the Lot 17 until going to the Robinson Hall .
go to Wayland through the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
avoid Slavery Memorial and go to Walter Hall .
go to the John Carter Brown Library and then to Robinson Hall .
go to the Swearer Center for Public Service but avoid the Marcus Aurelius .
go to Walter Hall through the Simmons Quadrangle
head to Hope College after going to the Brown Bear .
go to Lyman Hall without entering the 67 George .
avoid Circle Dance Sculpture , and go to Carrie Tower .
avoid the second and Shirley Miller House and go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to or through the Simmons Quadrangle always avoid going through the Campus Market
go to the Circle Dance Sculpture avoiding the Circle Dance Sculpture . if you reached the Rhode Island Hall you can stay there , or head to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to the Mencoff Hall through the Littlefield Hall
avoid Slavery Memorial until reaching the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
navigate to the Simmons Quadrangle always passing through the Maddock Alumni  .
move to Mencoff Hall .
avoid the John Carter Brown Library and go to the Lot 17 .
go to the Prospect House then go to the 86 Waterman  .
go to Wriston Quad and always avoid the Rhode Island Hall
move to the BERT .
go to the Circle Dance Sculpture without going to the Wilbour Hall .
go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop while avoiding the first and Friedman Hall .
go to the Brown University Sciences Library by first visiting Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to Class of 1887 Gate through the Lot 18
go to the Rhode Island Hall and then go directly to the 67 George .
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority whilst avoiding the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to the Marcus Aurelius and avoid the Brown University .
from the University Hall , navigate to the John Hay Library .
always avoid Casey Shearer Memorial and go through the Mencoff Hall .
avoid Sharpe Refectory until you have passed through Slater Hall
avoid the Friedman Hall until you go to Watson Center for Information Technology
go to Wayland avoiding the Marston Hall . then go to the Marston Hall or stay on Wayland .
go through the Circle Dance Sculpture , then make your way to Slater Hall .
pass through Kassar House on your way to the John Hay Library .
go to Class of 1872 Gate , then go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
stay away from the Rhode Island Hall and go to Wayland .
go to the Metcalf Research Building and then navigate to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
avoid Brown University and proceed to Prospect House
avoid Marston Hall until after the Sayles Hall
navigate to The Ivy Room .
go to the Horace Mann House whilst avoiding the Lot 17 .
go to Brown Bear before going to the Lincoln Field Building .
go to the Quiet Green .
go through the 67 George to the Caswell Hall
avoid the Maxcy Green before you navigate to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
avoid Alpha Chi Omega Sorority and go to the Simmons Quadrangle .
navigate directly to the Gardner House .
go to the Van Wickle Gates
move to the P-131317 without leaving the Medical Research Lab .
go to the Horace Mann House .
avoid the Minden Hall and go to Marston Hall if you reached the Marston Hall , you can now go to the Minden Hall or stay on Marston Hall .
always avoid the Maddock Alumni  while navigating to Kassar House .
navigate to the Citizen's Bank .
go to the Lot 18 before you go to Sayles Hall .
always go through the Lyman Hall and then to Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color through the Hughes Court
move to University Hall without entering the Casey Shearer Memorial . then you may stay at University Hall or go to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to William Goddard Memorial Gate
go to the Medical Research Lab while always avoiding the Barus Building
go to Slater Hall
go through Brown Center for Students of Color before going to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
move to the Metcalf Research Building without leaving the Arnold Laboratory .
go to the Swearer Center for Public Service by first going to the Marcus Aurelius .
avoid the College Green , navigate to the Class of 1872 Gate .
go to the Saint Stephens Church without going through the John Hay Library . if you reached the Saint Stephens Church then you can go to the John Hay Library , or be done .
go to the Idee di pietra before you navigate to Blue Room .
go to the Lincoln Field Building .
go to the Starbucks before going to the Simmons Quadrangle .
visit Medical Research Lab but do n't leave the Campus Market .
stay on the Slater Hall while navigating to Finlandia .
go to Prospect House .
remain on the The Ivy Room and go directly to the Rhode Island Hall .
go to John Nicholas Brown Gate but remain on the War Memorial .
do not go to Wriston Quad until going to Shirley Miller House
go to the Faunce House before you go to Prospect House .
go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences without ever leaving the Simmons Quadrangle .
go through Shirley Miller House to the Barus Building .
go to Mencoff Hall after navigating to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go through the Hegeman to Lot 17 .
go to Wriston Quad but avoid War Memorial .
go to the Rockefeller Library by touching the Littlefield Hall .
go to Soldiers Memorial Gate and then to Lot 76
go to Slavery Memorial without entering the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to Slavery Memorial and then go to the Mencoff Hall .
first navigate to the Robinson Gate , then make your way to the 67 George .
avoid the Lot 18 and go to the Van Wickle Gates .
navigate to the 67 George staying on the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to Hegeman while avoiding the John Carter Brown Library .
navigate to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall through the Lot 18 .
move to the Friedman Hall but ensure to go to the Urban Environmental Lab first .
go to the John Hay Library while avoiding Maxcy Hall
go to Wriston Quad and then go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to Rhode Island Hall by first visiting the Arnold Laboratory .
go to the Prince Engineering Lab .
stay on the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority and navigate to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to the Prospect House
go to the Norwood House by first going to the Robinson Gate .
go to War Memorial through the Circle Dance Sculpture .
pass through Kassar House on your way to the Lyman Hall .
navigate to Horace Mann House .
go to the John Hay Library through the J.W. Wilson
go through the Marcus Aurelius to Saint Stephens Church .
got to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology through the Sears .
go to Wayland through John Hay Library
go to Van Wickle Gates while avoiding the Wayland .
move to the Arnold Laboratory , travelling through the BERT .
avoid the Walter Hall until reaching the Hope College .
proceed to the Robinson Gate .
always go from the Citizen's Bank to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
avoid Lot 76 until you go to the Prospect House .
go to or through The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ always avoid going to Starbucks through Starbucks
go to John Hay Library through the Metcalf Research Building .
remain on the Soldiers Memorial Gate and navigate to the Lot 18 .
avoid the Slater Hall until reaching the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
avoid Hegeman until you go to Medical Research Lab .
go to Carrie Tower then go to Saint Stephens Church .
avoid the Campus Market and go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
always avoid J.W. Wilson and go to the Shirley Miller House .
avoid Shirley Miller House while navigating to Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to the Slavery Memorial but avoid the Rockefeller Library .
first go to Marston Hall , then go to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to the Wayland through Marcus Aurelius
go to the J.W. Wilson without going to the Brown Center for Students of Color
stay on the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority and navigate to Campus Market .
always pass Minden Hall to get to level 1 .
stay on the Blue Room and go to the Kassar House .
go to the Brown University while avoiding the Robinson Gate
move to the John Carter Brown Library by going through the Hope College
always pass Circle Dance Sculpture before Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall before going to Maxcy Green .
go through Shirley Miller House then go to Simmons Quadrangle .
go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority
head to the Brown University and then head to the Hegeman .
move to the Saint Stephens Church .
avoid Wriston Quad , and go to Lincoln Field Building .
navigate to the Maxcy Hall through the Minden Hall .
while always avoiding the Class of 1887 Gate , go to The Ivy Room .
stay on the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate and go to Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to the Marston Hall avoiding Casey Shearer Memorial .
navigate through Van Wickle Gates to the Idee di pietra .
go through the Brown Bear to the Maxcy Hall .
avoid the Saint Stephens Church and go to the Brown University .
go through Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology to Brown University .
navigate to Horace Mann House through the Sharpe Refectory .
move to Marston Hall .
go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate , then go to the Lot 17 .
always go through the Urban Environmental Lab before going to List Art Building .
go to the Brown University Sciences Library through the Norwood House .
go to the Maddock Alumni  while always avoiding the Hegeman
move to the Brown Bear .
head to the Littlefield Hall and then head to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
avoid the Untitled Lamp/Bear until going to Sears .
avoid Shirley Miller House until going to Mencoff Hall .
go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority
go to Urban Environmental Lab through the John Nicholas Brown Gate
start on the Lyman Hall and move directly to Lot 17 .
go to the John Hay Library and avoid the Campus Market .
go to the Slavery Memorial but do not go to John Hay Library .
go through the Walter Hall before going to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to University Hall .
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall then go Faunce House .
avoid Arnold Laboratory until going to the Marston Hall .
pass through Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity on your way to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to Faunce House .
always avoid the Slater Hall , go to Shirley Miller House .
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall while always avoiding the War Memorial
move to the Brown University Sciences Library first then travel to Wayland .
proceed to the John Carter Brown Library by going through the 86 Waterman  .
avoid the Sears on your way to the Hegeman . once you get to the Hegeman you can to the Sears .
go to the Friedman Hall via Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to the Lot 18 while avoiding the Slavery Memorial
go to the Wayland without going to Metcalf Research Building .
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate while always avoiding the Manning
avoid the first and Brown Bear and go to The Ivy Room .
move to Circle Dance Sculpture but avoid Brown Bear .
always avoid the Friedman Hall and navigate to the Hughes Court .
avoid the Citizen's Bank until you go to Starbucks .
avoid the Starbucks until going to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
avoid the J.W. Wilson until you go to the Caswell Hall .
avoid Walter Hall and go to Hughes Court .
avoid Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology until going to Idee di pietra .
avoid Minden Hall until going to the Sears .
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go through the Swearer Center for Public Service before going to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to Simmons Quadrangle .
visit the Idee di pietra and then proceed to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go from the Mencoff Hall to the Kassar House
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority only through the Hughes Court
go to the Brown University .
avoid the Norwood House and go to the Wriston Quad .
go to College Green from the The Ivy Room only .
navigate to the Metcalf Research Building .
avoid the second and Rhode Island Hall and go to the Walter Hall .
move to the Gardner House .
avoid the Van Wickle Gates as you go to the Blue Room .
go to John Carter Brown Library through the Lot 18 .
go to the Maxcy Green before going to the Lot 17
navigate to the Manning before going to the Brown University Sciences Library .
avoid Lot 76 on your way to the Barus Building .
navigate to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
navigate to Brown University Sciences Library , always avoiding Hope College .
go to John Hay Library without going to Carrie Tower
head to the Class of 1872 Gate but first go to the Metcalf Research Building .
go to the List Art Building and then to the The Ivy Room .
travel through the Prospect House then go to the Sharpe Refectory .
go to Caswell Hall before going to The Ivy Room
avoid List Art Building until going to Brown Center for Students of Color .
avoid the Brown University Sciences Library as you go to the J.W. Wilson .
first go to to Wriston Quad then go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go from the Urban Environmental Lab to the Sayles Hall
avoid the Brown Bear on the way to Manning .
avoid Starbucks until going to the J.W. Wilson .
go to the Carrie Tower without going to the Idee di pietra .
go to the Caswell Hall through the Gardner House
get to Hegeman , while avoiding Wriston Quad
avoid the Sharpe Refectory as you go to the Quiet Green .
go to the Sears by first going through Idee di pietra .
go to P-131317 , avoiding the Lippit House
avoid Salomon Center for Teaching until after reaching Sears .
navigate to the Prospect House via the Robinson Gate .
navigate to the Medical Research Lab and avoid Manning .
go to Carrie Tower through the Littlefield Hall .
go to the Wilbour Hall .
navigate to the Wilbour Hall .
go through the Marston Hall to the Maxcy Green .
avoid Hughes Court until navigating to the John Carter Brown Library .
go to the Prospect House after you go to the Shirley Miller House .
go to the Maxcy Green through J.W. Wilson
start on the P-131317 and move directly to Manning .
navigate to the Campus Market .
avoid the J.W. Wilson until you go to the Prospect House .
move to the 67 George and then the Rhode Island Hall .
go to Norwood House
go from Class of 1887 Gate to Starbucks .
proceed to Wriston Quad but avoid John Nicholas Brown Gate on the way . if you have reached Wriston Quad then you can proceed to John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to John Hay Library and then go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
always avoid going to Watson Center for Information Technology through the Wayland
go to the Slater Hall through the The Ivy Room
move to anywhere on the Wayland , then move to anywhere on the Metcalf Research Building .
head to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity avoiding Lincoln Field Building .
move to the Brown Center for Students of Color by going through the Sharpe Refectory
go through the Slavery Memorial to the Prospect House .
head to the Wayland but first go to the Lot 17 .
move to the Lincoln Field Building without entering the BERT .
go to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Littlefield Hall by first going to the Wriston Quad .
go to University Hall by avoiding the The Ivy Room and then stay there or continue to the The Ivy Room .
while avoiding the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate , navigate to University Hall .
go to the Marston Hall through the William Goddard Memorial Gate
go to or through the Simmons Quadrangle always avoid going to the Simmons Quadrangle through the 86 Waterman 
go to John Nicholas Brown Gate through the Carrie Tower
go to the Mencoff Hall through Saint Stephens Church .
go to the Barus Building .
go to the Barus Building but never go to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
navigate to the John Hay Library .
go to the Van Wickle Gates and then to J.W. Wilson .
go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences avoiding Circle Dance Sculpture .
navigate to Gardner House then continue to the Saint Stephens Church .
always avoid Swearer Center for Public Service and go to Friedman Hall .
avoid Morgan Witter Rogers Gate until going to the John Carter Brown Library .
go to Watson Center for Information Technology before Littlefield Hall .
avoid Prospect House and go to the 67 George .
go through the Lyman Hall before going to the Prospect House .
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology through the Casey Shearer Memorial .
avoid Soldiers Memorial Gate while navigating to Walter Hall .
navigate to the Robinson Gate avoiding Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to the Class of 1887 Gate after you go to the Lincoln Field Building .
go to Lincoln Field Building while staying on the Faunce House .
go to Maxcy Green by first going to the Blue Room .
go to the Robinson Gate avoiding P-131317 .
avoid the Medical Research Lab until going to the Sayles Hall .
go to Brown University Sciences Library through the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to the Manning through the Friedman Hall .
go to 67 George through the Wriston Quad
avoid the Carrie Tower and navigate to the Wayland .
avoid the J.W. Wilson until going to the Metcalf Research Building .
go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to the Wriston Quad
from the Brown University , navigate to the Simmons Quadrangle .
go to Friedman Hall by first going to the Brown University Sciences Library .
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology before going to Citizen's Bank .
go to the Casey Shearer Memorial through Swearer Center for Public Service
go from the Van Wickle Gates to the Urban Environmental Lab .
move to the J.W. Wilson .
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate before going to the Gardner House .
go to the Brown Bear .
go to the Robinson Hall by first visiting Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
avoid the Brown University Sciences Library and navigate to the Marston Hall .
go to the University Hall and then to Carrie Tower .
avoid Sharpe Refectory and go to the Blue Room .
go to the Urban Environmental Lab
navigate to the Prospect House before going to the BERT .
navigate to the Maddock Alumni  .
go to Saint Stephens Church before Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to the Wriston Quad
go to Prospect House and avoid the Brown Bear .
go to Prince Engineering Lab , then head to the Blue Room .
avoid the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop while going to the War Memorial .
go to the Circle Dance Sculpture and avoid Arnold Laboratory .
go to Class of 1872 Gate .
avoid Caswell Hall and go to Shirley Miller House .
move to the Marston Hall .
go to the Sears , then go to Slater Hall .
move to the Wilbour Hall but go through John Hay Library first .
go to Gardner House then go to the University Hall .
avoid War Memorial and go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to the Horace Mann House before going to the Starbucks
go to List Art Building then go to List Art Building .
go to the Robinson Gate .
navigate to the Manning but never go to the Quiet Green .
go to the Maxcy Hall , then proceed to Lincoln Field Building .
go to the Campus Market before going to Sears .
navigate to the Finlandia .
navigate to the John Hay Library but never go to the Brown Bear .
go to the 67 George before going to William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to Wriston Quad , but never through it
head to the Sharpe Refectory .
avoid Brown Center for Students of Color and move into the Hope College .
move to Wriston Quad .
always avoid going through the P-131317 to the Prospect House
avoid the BERT until you go to the Marston Hall .
go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences through the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to Slavery Memorial , then go to Wilbour Hall .
always avoid Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences and navigate to the Starbucks .
go to the Starbucks .
navigate to the Caswell Hall through the Urban Environmental Lab .
go to the Finlandia through the Citizen's Bank
avoid Swearer Center for Public Service and go to the Quiet Green .
go to the Brown University before you go to the University Hall .
navigate to John Carter Brown Library through the Van Wickle Gates .
go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
head to the Manning avoiding Brown University Sciences Library .
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching through Gardner House
navigate directly to the Medical Research Lab .
go to the Shirley Miller House through Wilbour Hall .
avoid Rockefeller Library and go to Slater Hall if you have reached Slater Hall then you can go to Rockefeller Library .
go through Soldiers Memorial Gate to Slavery Memorial .
move to the Lot 17 .
go to the Medical Research Lab through the Faunce House .
go to Robinson Gate through the Maxcy Hall
go to The Ivy Room while staying on the Lyman Hall .
proceed to the List Art Building .
avoid the Starbucks until you go to John Nicholas Brown Gate
go to the Lippit House without going to the Simmons Quadrangle .
head to the Marcus Aurelius without going through the Brown University
avoid War Memorial and go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
do n't go into the College Green until going to Marston Hall
remain on the Hegeman and navigate to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
navigate from the Shirley Miller House to the Brown University .
navigate through Urban Environmental Lab to the Marcus Aurelius .
navigate to Brown Bear .
pass through the Class of 1872 Gate before going to the Marston Hall .
navigate to the Soldiers Memorial Gate but do not pass through the Walter Hall .
go to Horace Mann House but avoid John Hay Library .
navigate to the Friedman Hall through the Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity by avoiding Simmons Quadrangle and then stay in the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity or continue to Simmons Quadrangle
navigate to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Swearer Center for Public Service by avoiding Brown Bear and then stay in the Swearer Center for Public Service or continue to Brown Bear
go to the Norwood House while avoiding Van Wickle Gates .
avoid Friedman Hall and go to Lot 18 if you 've reached Lot 18 then you can go to Friedman Hall .
remain on the Minden Hall and navigate to the Van Wickle Gates .
navigate to the Maddock Alumni  then continue to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
always avoid going to Shirley Miller House through the Lincoln Field Building
avoid the BERT until going to Caswell Hall .
proceed to the Brown Bear but do n't leave the Lot 76 .
go to the Brown Bear .
go to Carrie Tower
head to the Sears .
go to the Maxcy Green .
go to Norwood House then go to Norwood House .
go through Brown Bear then go to Faunce House .
go to the Lippit House and avoid the Brown Bear .
go to the Brown Bear through the Shirley Miller House
go to Idee di pietra before Class of 1872 Gate .
go through Robinson Hall to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
avoid Slavery Memorial until you pass through Salomon Center for Teaching .
go through the Kassar House to the Barus Building .
avoid Hegeman and go to Van Wickle Gates .
navigate to John Hay Library , always avoiding College Green .
always avoid Rockefeller Library and navigate to the Brown University Sciences Library .
go to Prospect House through the Casey Shearer Memorial
go to the Lot 17 then go Sears .
stay away from the Swearer Center for Public Service and go to Class of 1887 Gate .
remain on the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity and go directly to the Brown Bear .
avoid the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity until you go to the Carrie Tower .
avoid Walter Hall until going to Maddock Alumni  .
go to Sears through the Marston Hall
avoid the Campus Market until you reach Barus Building .
go to the Campus Market .
always avoid 67 George and go to the Hughes Court .
head to the Horace Mann House avoiding Lot 18 .
navigate to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop after going to the Lyman Hall .
navigate to the Maxcy Hall .
proceed to University Hall but avoid Walter Hall on the way . if you have reached University Hall then you can proceed to Walter Hall .
go to the Rhode Island Hall before going to Hughes Court
head to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority , but make sure to go through the Prince Engineering Lab first .
go through the Hughes Court before going to the J.W. Wilson .
avoid the John Nicholas Brown Gate until you go to the Barus Building .
go directly to Mencoff Hall
go to Untitled Lamp/Bear by going through Marcus Aurelius
go to the Robinson Gate and then go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to the Brown Bear through Simmons Quadrangle .
go to the 67 George through the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
avoid the Gardner House until going to the Horace Mann House .
go to the Simmons Quadrangle by touching the Campus Market .
go to 86 Waterman  and then go to the Finlandia .
go to Barus Building before going to Maxcy Green .
go to the War Memorial
go to Metcalf Research Building before going to the Class of 1887 Gate .
avoid the Sayles Hall until going through Campus Market .
avoid Watson Center for Information Technology and go to Sears if you have reached Sears then you can go to Watson Center for Information Technology .
first navigate to the War Memorial , then make your way to the University Hall .
navigate to the Lincoln Field Building then continue to Finlandia .
go directly to Urban Environmental Lab
go to Citizen's Bank , then head to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to the Robinson Gate .
do n't go into the Sayles Hall until going to Urban Environmental Lab
avoid the Salomon Center for Teaching until you go to the Minden Hall .
avoid the Lyman Hall and go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to Mencoff Hall before going to the Lot 17 .
go to Shirley Miller House while avoiding Lot 17
avoid the Barus Building and go to Class of 1872 Gate .
go to Caswell Hall before going to the Wriston Quad
go through the Salomon Center for Teaching to the College Green .
navigate to the Brown Center for Students of Color then continue to Walter Hall .
avoid the Robinson Hall until after going to the Carrie Tower .
go through the P-131317 to John Hay Library .
avoid Marston Hall , and go to Hegeman .
go to Robinson Hall without going to Metcalf Research Building
always avoid the University Hall and go to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to Arnold Laboratory by first visiting the John Carter Brown Library .
go to Brown University Sciences Library through the J.W. Wilson
avoid the Hughes Court until you go to the Starbucks .
go to Kassar House while avoiding Horace Mann House
always avoid the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology and go to the Marcus Aurelius .
go to the Citizen's Bank avoiding the Friedman Hall .
go to Lot 18 .
go to Brown Center for Students of Color before going to the Friedman Hall
avoid the Barus Building and go to Citizen's Bank .
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity by avoiding Lot 76 and then stay in the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity or continue to Lot 76
avoid the Robinson Hall until reaching the Manning .
avoid Urban Environmental Lab until going to Wilbour Hall .
go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
navigate to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity then continue to Campus Market .
move to Saint Stephens Church after moving to the Friedman Hall .
avoid the BERT until you go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go through Lot 18 to the Barus Building .
navigate to the John Carter Brown Library .
go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate , avoiding Wilbour Hall .
go to the Friedman Hall and then go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to the Slavery Memorial but do not go to Barus Building .
go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall without going into the John Nicholas Brown Gate
go to the Brown Bear
go to the Citizen's Bank .
go through the Mencoff Hall before navigating to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to the Casey Shearer Memorial without going to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to the Slavery Memorial through the J.W. Wilson .
go through the Van Wickle Gates to the Sears .
go to the Maxcy Green while avoiding the Lot 76
head to the Van Wickle Gates without going through the Lot 18
stay on the Mencoff Hall and go to Lippit House .
go directly to Lyman Hall .
go through Medical Research Lab before going to the Walter Hall .
avoid Morgan Witter Rogers Gate on your way to the J.W. Wilson .
go to the Robinson Hall while avoiding Sayles Hall .
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ through Prospect House .
go through the Class of 1872 Gate before going to the Sayles Hall .
avoid the Sayles Hall until Sharpe Refectory .
go to Medical Research Lab always avoiding the Wilbour Hall .
go directly to 86 Waterman  .
avoid Citizen's Bank until after you go to Maxcy Hall .
go to Sayles Hall but do not first pass through Robinson Hall .
go to Maddock Alumni  and avoid the Urban Environmental Lab .
go to the Gardner House while avoiding Lot 76
go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology avoiding the Watson Center for Information Technology . only if you reached the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology then you may proceed to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to the Maxcy Green while avoiding the 67 George .
first go to to Swearer Center for Public Service then go to the Manning .
proceed to the Mencoff Hall by going through the Gardner House .
go to Hughes Court but do not enter the College Green first .
go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop while avoiding Campus Market
go through the Sears to Horace Mann House .
navigate to the Casey Shearer Memorial before going to the Brown University .
navigate to the Rhode Island Hall .
stay on the Rockefeller Library while navigating to Wilbour Hall .
go through the Sears before going to John Hay Library
do n't go into the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity until going to Manning
go to Robinson Hall .
avoid the Kassar House
go to the Slater Hall while always avoiding the Littlefield Hall
avoid Metcalf Research Building and go to the Manning .
always avoid going to Slavery Memorial through the Idee di pietra
go to the Medical Research Lab through Hughes Court
proceed to Quiet Green without going through the Slater Hall .
go through the Brown Bear to Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go through the Watson Center for Information Technology before going to the Lot 18 .
always avoid the John Hay Library and go to the College Green .
go to the The Ivy Room via Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to the 86 Waterman  while staying on the Class of 1872 Gate .
always avoid Morgan Witter Rogers Gate and navigate to Wilbour Hall .
first navigate to Marston Hall , then go to John Carter Brown Library .
avoid the second and Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop and go to the Horace Mann House .
go to the 86 Waterman  through the Prospect House
go to the Wayland through Caswell Hall .
go to the Class of 1887 Gate , then go to the Manning .
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching then go to the Barus Building
go up to the BERT without going to Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to the Wilbour Hall avoiding the John Carter Brown Library . go through the Wilbour Hall to get to the John Carter Brown Library .
avoid 67 George while navigating to Medical Research Lab .
navigate to Campus Market .
from the Prospect House , navigate to the Gardner House .
move to Slater Hall without entering the Van Wickle Gates . then you may stay at Slater Hall or go to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Brown University from the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall
go to the Van Wickle Gates before you go to the Marston Hall .
go to P-131317 and then to Metcalf Research Building
avoid the Metcalf Research Building and go to the Marcus Aurelius .
avoid the Horace Mann House until going to Robinson Hall .
go to the Lincoln Field Building through the Watson Center for Information Technology
go to Hope College
go to the List Art Building then go to the Wriston Quad .
navigate to the Friedman Hall and avoid Hughes Court .
always go through the John Hay Library and then to Finlandia .
avoid the Wayland
go to the Idee di pietra and then to College Green .
avoid the second and Metcalf Research Building and go to the Norwood House .
go to Circle Dance Sculpture , then go to University Hall
go to the Lot 76 , then go to the Walter Hall .
go up to Brown Bear .
navigate to the Blue Room .
go to Swearer Center for Public Service passing through the Manning .
always avoid the Quiet Green and travel to Sharpe Refectory .
avoid the Gardner House until you navigate to the Idee di pietra .
go to Brown Bear , then up to Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to Finlandia
go through the Marcus Aurelius to Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to the List Art Building through Robinson Gate
go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology through the Maxcy Hall .
avoid The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ until going to Gardner House .
go to the Casey Shearer Memorial
go to the Minden Hall then the Maxcy Green .
go to Wriston Quad before going to Hegeman .
go to Brown Bear through Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to Robinson Gate through the Slater Hall .
navigate to the Maxcy Green , avoiding Wayland .
avoid the Prince Engineering Lab and the Watson Center for Information Technology and go to Prince Engineering Lab .
go to Lyman Hall and then to Saint Stephens Church
avoid the Starbucks until you go through the Campus Market .
go to Sayles Hall , before going to Rockefeller Library .
move to Faunce House without leaving the Blue Room .
go to the Hope College through the Prospect House .
go to the Wayland through the Circle Dance Sculpture .
avoid Brown Center for Students of Color and go to the Walter Hall .
avoid Brown University Sciences Library on your way to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
head to the Quiet Green .
go to or through Lot 17 always avoid going to Marcus Aurelius through Marcus Aurelius
go to University Hall before going in the Rhode Island Hall .
avoid Lot 18 and go to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
stay on the Robinson Gate and navigate to Watson Center for Information Technology .
navigate to Wilbour Hall through the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
avoid Sayles Hall until you go to the Medical Research Lab .
go to the Norwood House and avoid the Class of 1887 Gate .
avoid Littlefield Hall and go to Manning .
avoid Hope College until going to the Simmons Quadrangle .
avoid the Mencoff Hall until you go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
avoid the Untitled Lamp/Bear until you go to the Wriston Quad .
go to the College Green without going to College Green .
navigate to the Blue Room but do not pass through the Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to Arnold Laboratory .
navigate through Robinson Gate to the Lot 76 .
advance to University Hall but always avoid the Wilbour Hall .
go to Manning .
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop then go to Wilbour Hall
go through the Slater Hall , then make your way to Brown University .
go to Maxcy Green , avoid the Sears until you have been to the Maxcy Green
always avoid Simmons Quadrangle and go to Wriston Quad .
go to the Faunce House before going to Wriston Quad
always avoid going to Marston Hall through the Lippit House
avoid William Goddard Memorial Gate and go to the Marston Hall .
navigate to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
proceed to Wayland but avoid Blue Room on the way . if you have reached Wayland then you can proceed to Blue Room .
go through the Norwood House to the Marcus Aurelius .
go to Faunce House
navigate to the University Hall avoiding Hegeman .
avoid the J.W. Wilson and go to the Norwood House .
move towards Blue Room and then to Hope College .
always avoid the Brown Bear while navigating to the Urban Environmental Lab .
navigate to the 86 Waterman  .
go to John Nicholas Brown Gate then Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go through the Robinson Hall first , then go to the Brown Bear .
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color without going to Brown Center for Students of Color .
avoid Quiet Green and go to Sharpe Refectory .
go directly to Caswell Hall .
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop , then go to the Rhode Island Hall .
move to the Mencoff Hall and then head to Starbucks .
go to Lot 18 and then go to the Sears .
navigate to the Lot 76 .
avoid Mencoff Hall until you go to Arnold Laboratory .
go from Lyman Hall to Brown University Sciences Library .
go to Slater Hall
go through the List Art Building to the Carrie Tower .
go to the Caswell Hall by first visiting Van Wickle Gates .
avoid Maxcy Hall and go to the The Ivy Room .
avoid the Class of 1887 Gate until you navigate to the Mencoff Hall .
go to 1 Wilbour Hall after Metcalf Research Building
move to the Quiet Green but ensure to go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall first .
avoid Prince Engineering Lab until going to the Rockefeller Library .
go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ , then go to Shirley Miller House .
go to the Van Wickle Gates while avoiding the Blue Room and if you have reached the Van Wickle Gates then you can go to the Blue Room .
always go through the Citizen's Bank before going to Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to Metcalf Research Building then go to the Saint Stephens Church .
navigate to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ before going to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to Marston Hall only through the Brown Bear
go to Idee di pietra .
move to the Barus Building and then the Sears .
go to Campus Market before going to Friedman Hall .
go through the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate to the Medical Research Lab .
go to the Lippit House by first going through Hope College .
avoid the Robinson Hall until going to the Maddock Alumni  .
avoid the Lincoln Field Building until Caswell Hall .
go to the Friedman Hall
go to the Wilbour Hall while avoiding Maxcy Hall
go to the Lippit House
go to William Goddard Memorial Gate without going into the Hughes Court
go to the Minden Hall then move to the Prospect House .
always go through the Slater Hall before going to Lippit House .
go up to the 67 George without going to Idee di pietra .
go through the Campus Market before going to the Rockefeller Library .
avoid the Starbucks until going to the Sears .
go to the 67 George , then go to Norwood House .
go to Marston Hall through the The Ivy Room .
go to Slavery Memorial and avoid the Prospect House .
go through the Hegeman and navigate to the John Carter Brown Library .
head to the Starbucks avoiding Barus Building .
always avoid the John Nicholas Brown Gate , go to Slater Hall .
always avoid going to Sharpe Refectory through the Wriston Quad
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate , then proceed to Lippit House .
go through the Marcus Aurelius to the Lot 18 .
avoid the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences until going to the Van Wickle Gates .
avoid going through John Nicholas Brown Gate until you go through the Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to the Wayland without going to Hughes Court .
go to Sears
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority or the 67 George only .
go to the Rhode Island Hall then go to Hegeman
avoid Saint Stephens Church and go to 67 George .
navigate through Littlefield Hall and go to the John Carter Brown Library .
from the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to the Quiet Green but avoid Shirley Miller House .
avoid the Hope College and go to Lippit House if you reached the Lippit House , you can now go to the Hope College or stay on Lippit House .
avoid Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity until after you go to Slater Hall .
avoid John Hay Library until you go to Sharpe Refectory .
go to the Brown University by first going through John Hay Library .
go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate through Robinson Gate .
go to Horace Mann House .
go to Class of 1872 Gate .
advance to BERT but always avoid the War Memorial .
avoid the Sayles Hall and navigate to the Marcus Aurelius .
move to the Wayland while avoiding the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to Class of 1872 Gate through the Metcalf Research Building
avoid the Minden Hall and go to Wriston Quad .
go to Wilbour Hall before going to Prince Engineering Lab .
navigate to the Marcus Aurelius staying on the University Hall .
go to the Van Wickle Gates then the Rockefeller Library .
go to Norwood House by first going to the Campus Market .
without stepping in the Arnold Laboratory , go to Wriston Quad .
go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences through the Circle Dance Sculpture .
go through the John Hay Library to Rockefeller Library .
go to University Hall before going to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop
travel to Hope College .
go to P-131317 and then to 86 Waterman  .
go to 67 George
go to the Carrie Tower .
go to the Van Wickle Gates .
navigate to Simmons Quadrangle through the Norwood House .
avoid the Wriston Quad until going to the Barus Building .
visit the Arnold Laboratory and then proceed to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
first go to the Brown Bear and then go to Marcus Aurelius .
avoid 86 Waterman  until going to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
avoid the second and Mencoff Hall and go to the Caswell Hall .
avoid the first and Morgan Witter Rogers Gate and go to Walter Hall .
avoid the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall until you go to Robinson Gate .
go to Wayland and always avoid the Rhode Island Hall
move to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to The Ivy Room before going to the Citizen's Bank .
avoid Starbucks and go to Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to the Hegeman before you go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to BERT while always avoiding the College Green .
go to the Sears
go to or through the Citizen's Bank , but avoid going to the Citizen's Bank through the Gardner House
go to Class of 1887 Gate and avoid 2nd and Watson Center for Information Technology
go to the Slater Hall while avoiding Untitled Lamp/Bear and the Untitled Lamp/Bear
go to or through the 67 George always avoid going through the Rockefeller Library
go to the Lot 18 , then go to the Simmons Quadrangle .
navigate to the Sears while avoiding Lot 17 .
go to the Van Wickle Gates without going to the Faunce House
go to Wilbour Hall then Robinson Gate .
go to the Lot 18 while avoiding the Kassar House
avoid the Class of 1872 Gate until you go to Maddock Alumni  .
avoid the Slavery Memorial and go to the Lot 76 .
avoid the Maxcy Green until navigating to the Campus Market .
move to Slater Hall and then proceed to the Metcalf Research Building .
avoid College Green until going to Kassar House .
go to the Brown University by first visiting Prospect House .
avoid the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ until going to Manning .
always avoid Sharpe Refectory and go through the Brown University .
go to Sayles Hall after going to Faunce House .
go through the Maxcy Hall to the Urban Environmental Lab .
first go to to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology then go to the Urban Environmental Lab .
go to the 86 Waterman  while avoiding the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology
avoid Minden Hall and go to Slavery Memorial if you 've reached Slavery Memorial then you can go to Minden Hall .
move to the Casey Shearer Memorial then continue to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to the Mencoff Hall while avoiding List Art Building
go to the Class of 1887 Gate , then head to the Campus Market .
navigate to the Wriston Quad through the Faunce House .
move to Rockefeller Library .
move to the Medical Research Lab , travelling through Van Wickle Gates .
go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate through the Carrie Tower .
navigate to Rockefeller Library .
go to Idee di pietra through the Hope College .
go to the Urban Environmental Lab
go to the Sayles Hall and if you have reached the Sayles Hall you may proceed to the Urban Environmental Lab or stay in the Sayles Hall .
go through the Brown University before going to the Caswell Hall .
go to the The Ivy Room via Class of 1887 Gate .
navigate to the Shirley Miller House .
always avoid going to Rhode Island Hall through the Mencoff Hall
stay on the War Memorial and navigate to Lot 76 .
avoid the Lincoln Field Building until you navigate to Urban Environmental Lab .
avoid the Van Wickle Gates and go to Blue Room .
go to Brown University but do not enter the Quiet Green first .
go to 67 George then go to the Citizen's Bank .
go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences after going to Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to Brown Bear through the Shirley Miller House
go to Norwood House first , without passing through the Maddock Alumni 
navigate to the Brown Bear while avoiding Simmons Quadrangle .
avoid the Class of 1872 Gate and go to the Faunce House .
navigate to the The Ivy Room .
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color from the Wayland
go through Arnold Laboratory to Van Wickle Gates .
go to Wilbour Hall and then to Marston Hall
navigate to the Arnold Laboratory through the Friedman Hall .
avoid the first and Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop and go to College Green .
always avoid the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology to navigate to Saint Stephens Church .
navigate to the Finlandia always avoiding the Barus Building .
avoid the Slavery Memorial until going to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
avoid Mencoff Hall until you have passed through John Hay Library
avoid the Lippit House until after you 've gone to the Prospect House .
always avoid the Soldiers Memorial Gate , go to the Lot 18 .
go to Urban Environmental Lab through the 86 Waterman 
go to the Lyman Hall , then go to the Maxcy Hall .
go to the Metcalf Research Building after going to the Brown Bear .
go to Prospect House while always avoiding the College Green
move to the Maxcy Hall .
go to the Rockefeller Library through the Class of 1872 Gate .
avoid Circle Dance Sculpture , and go to Class of 1872 Gate .
avoid the first and Watson Center for Information Technology and go to Lot 76 .
always avoid Brown University and navigate to the Mencoff Hall .
avoid John Nicholas Brown Gate until reaching the Manning .
go to the Walter Hall but avoid the John Hay Library .
avoid the second and The Ivy Room and go to the Saint Stephens Church .
stay on the Untitled Lamp/Bear and go to the Starbucks .
go to the Wilbour Hall after you go to the Sears .
go to Marston Hall through the Kassar House
avoid the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ as you go to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to the BERT and then head to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
avoid the Lot 76 until after you 've gone to the Wriston Quad .
go to the List Art Building while always avoiding the Campus Market
avoid the Metcalf Research Building , navigate to the Urban Environmental Lab .
go to Simmons Quadrangle without going into the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ
go to the Lincoln Field Building while avoiding Lyman Hall
go to Kassar House but do not first pass through Carrie Tower .
avoid the Class of 1887 Gate and go to the Slavery Memorial .
avoid the second and Manning and go to the Simmons Quadrangle .
go to Sharpe Refectory through Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
avoid Brown University Sciences Library and go to the Lyman Hall .
go from University Hall to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
navigate to the Quiet Green while avoiding the Class of 1887 Gate .
stay on the William Goddard Memorial Gate and go to College Green .
navigate to the Faunce House before going to Brown Bear .
go to 67 George through the Simmons Quadrangle
always avoid Lot 76 and navigate to the Brown University Sciences Library .
go from the Norwood House to BERT .
got to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop through the Brown University Sciences Library .
head to the Slavery Memorial .
go from Hegeman to Simmons Quadrangle .
go through Class of 1872 Gate before going to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to the Sharpe Refectory through the Shirley Miller House .
go to the Slavery Memorial before going to Class of 1887 Gate .
avoid 86 Waterman  and go to Hope College if you reached Hope College then you can go to 86 Waterman  .
avoid the Faunce House and go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
always avoid the Wriston Quad and go to the Lyman Hall .
move to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to 67 George always avoiding the Lot 18 .
avoid the Lot 17 until you go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to Lyman Hall then go to the Metcalf Research Building .
go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear through Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
always avoid Friedman Hall and go to the Wayland .
navigate to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority while avoiding the Mencoff Hall .
go to the Lot 18 .
go through the Sharpe Refectory to Lyman Hall .
avoid the second and Wilbour Hall and go to the Robinson Hall .
go to the J.W. Wilson through the Marston Hall .
go to Wilbour Hall , avoiding the John Nicholas Brown Gate
go to Brown Center for Students of Color through the Kassar House .
avoid going through William Goddard Memorial Gate until you go through the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to Finlandia , but never through it
go to the Mencoff Hall
go to the Marcus Aurelius , then go to Prospect House .
go through Robinson Hall to the Horace Mann House .
go to or through the Metcalf Research Building always avoid going through the Lot 76
advance to Kassar House but always avoid the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
always avoid going through Marston Hall
navigate to Hegeman through the BERT .
go through Swearer Center for Public Service to the Starbucks .
navigate to the Brown Center for Students of Color by passing through the Minden Hall .
go to Marcus Aurelius through Wriston Quad .
go to Sayles Hall and then the Campus Market
travel to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
move to Lyman Hall without entering the Robinson Hall . then you may stay at Lyman Hall or go to the Robinson Hall .
go to Robinson Gate and always avoid the Shirley Miller House
always avoid Brown University Sciences Library and go to the Carrie Tower .
go to the Kassar House while avoiding Prospect House .
go to War Memorial .
navigate through Maxcy Hall and go to the Brown University .
travel to the Starbucks and then go to Van Wickle Gates .
stay on the Norwood House and navigate to Saint Stephens Church .
avoid the Lyman Hall until reaching Friedman Hall .
go to Watson Center for Information Technology while always avoiding the War Memorial .
go to Simmons Quadrangle through the War Memorial
navigate to the John Carter Brown Library always avoiding the Class of 1887 Gate .
avoid the Barus Building until going to the Lot 76 .
go through the 67 George to the Slavery Memorial .
move to the Untitled Lamp/Bear first then travel to Urban Environmental Lab .
go through the Brown University to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to the Prince Engineering Lab , then go to Swearer Center for Public Service .
avoid the Slater Hall and go to the Metcalf Research Building .
navigate to the Lincoln Field Building .
go from the Prospect House to Faunce House
navigate to the Lot 17 via the Marston Hall .
go to Campus Market through the Prospect House .
go to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to the Norwood House , then navigate to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to the Brown Bear and then go to the Van Wickle Gates .
navigate to the Lippit House before going to Prince Engineering Lab .
go to John Carter Brown Library through Brown Bear
go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop and avoid the Lincoln Field Building .
go to the Friedman Hall .
go to Brown Bear via the Lippit House .
navigate directly to Shirley Miller House .
go to anywhere on the 86 Waterman  .
always avoid Shirley Miller House and navigate to the BERT .
go to the Maxcy Green avoiding Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to the Campus Market , then go to the Quiet Green .
go through Saint Stephens Church before going to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
avoid Starbucks until navigating to Urban Environmental Lab .
avoid the John Hay Library until you navigate to the Brown University .
go to the Shirley Miller House avoiding the Metcalf Research Building .
go to the Wilbour Hall through the Manning .
always avoid Blue Room and navigate to the Brown University Sciences Library .
go to the Kassar House .
avoid Starbucks until you navigate to Saint Stephens Church .
always avoid the Sharpe Refectory , go to the Brown University Sciences Library .
go through the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to the Littlefield Hall but avoid Brown Bear if you reached to the Littlefield Hall then you can head to Brown Bear or stay put .
proceed to the Littlefield Hall but do n't leave the Brown University Sciences Library .
stay away from the Horace Mann House and go to Brown University Sciences Library .
go to Shirley Miller House through the Robinson Hall .
go to the John Carter Brown Library while avoiding the Wriston Quad and if you have reached the John Carter Brown Library then you can go to the Wriston Quad .
go to the Rhode Island Hall via the Friedman Hall .
go to List Art Building .
avoid the Marcus Aurelius until going to Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to Starbucks .
avoid Maddock Alumni  until after reaching List Art Building .
go to or through the Lyman Hall always avoid going through the Van Wickle Gates
go through the Prince Engineering Lab to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go through 86 Waterman  to List Art Building .
avoid Carrie Tower until you go to the Sharpe Refectory .
go to BERT through the Rhode Island Hall
go to the Gardner House without going to Gardner House .
avoid the Watson Center for Information Technology until reaching Rockefeller Library .
head to the War Memorial avoiding Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
first go to John Carter Brown Library , then go to the Wilbour Hall .
go through the Blue Room to Lippit House .
avoid Sayles Hall until after the Casey Shearer Memorial
go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity first , without passing through the Quiet Green
avoid Casey Shearer Memorial until navigating to Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to List Art Building before going to Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to the John Carter Brown Library
go to Van Wickle Gates without entering the Robinson Gate .
go to Simmons Quadrangle without going into the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences
go from the College Green to Arnold Laboratory
go to the Maxcy Green
always avoid the Sears , go to the Lot 18 .
go to Brown University Sciences Library while always avoiding the John Carter Brown Library .
go to Starbucks but do not first pass through Hope College .
go to BERT from the Class of 1872 Gate only .
always avoid Brown Center for Students of Color and go to Lippit House
avoid Carrie Tower while traveling to Walter Hall .
navigate to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences through the Lot 18 .
go to the Slater Hall but avoid Class of 1887 Gate .
go to Littlefield Hall then go to J.W. Wilson .
avoid the Idee di pietra until passing Norwood House .
go to the Sears , and then go to the Marcus Aurelius .
navigate to the Quiet Green before going to Wayland .
go to John Hay Library , then head to the Starbucks .
always avoid Norwood House and navigate to the Brown Bear .
go to the John Carter Brown Library and avoid Friedman Hall .
go to the Metcalf Research Building without going to the Urban Environmental Lab .
always avoid the John Carter Brown Library , go to the Sayles Hall .
move to the Rhode Island Hall first then travel to Sayles Hall .
go to the Hegeman via Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to the John Hay Library then go Brown Bear .
go to Urban Environmental Lab through the War Memorial .
avoid Littlefield Hall until going to Urban Environmental Lab .
go to the Circle Dance Sculpture through the Wriston Quad
go to Lot 17 .
go to the Gardner House while always avoiding the Brown Center for Students of Color .
avoid Casey Shearer Memorial until navigating to 67 George .
navigate to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
navigate to the Hope College then continue to John Carter Brown Library .
avoid the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity and go to the Simmons Quadrangle .
avoid the John Hay Library until you go to Lyman Hall .
avoid War Memorial until navigating to Maddock Alumni  .
go to or through the Kassar House while avoiding going through the Barus Building
always avoid the Rockefeller Library and go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to the Lincoln Field Building and then go directly to the Saint Stephens Church .
go to the Sayles Hall through the Brown Bear
navigate to the Carrie Tower through the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to The Ivy Room , then up to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to J.W. Wilson and avoid the Wilbour Hall .
go through the Brown University Sciences Library before navigating to Circle Dance Sculpture .
head to the Medical Research Lab without going through the Minden Hall
go to the Kassar House then go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop
navigate to P-131317 through the Wilbour Hall .
navigate to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go through Casey Shearer Memorial to Van Wickle Gates .
go to Citizen's Bank .
avoid the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology before you navigate to the Marston Hall .
travel to the Maddock Alumni  and then go to Marston Hall .
go to the Maxcy Green while always avoiding the Faunce House
move to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity , but go through the Starbucks first .
go to the Slater Hall only through the Metcalf Research Building
go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear then go to Shirley Miller House
move to the Metcalf Research Building by going through the Prince Engineering Lab
stay on the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate to get to Rhode Island Hall .
go to Citizen's Bank while always avoiding the Kassar House
go to the Metcalf Research Building but never go to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Hughes Court first
go to Sharpe Refectory and avoid the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
avoid Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences until you go to Starbucks .
go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate then go Lincoln Field Building .
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching through the Prince Engineering Lab .
go to the Lincoln Field Building or the Lot 17 only .
navigate to Van Wickle Gates .
without stepping in the Robinson Hall , go to Hegeman .
navigate to the Class of 1887 Gate through the Metcalf Research Building .
always pass Maxcy Hall to get to level 1 .
always go through J.W. Wilson and then to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
avoid Brown University until going to Van Wickle Gates .
go through the Prospect House to get to Sears
go to Minden Hall through the John Hay Library .
navigate directly to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to Sears , before going to Urban Environmental Lab .
go through the Salomon Center for Teaching to the Maxcy Hall .
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color while avoiding the Gardner House
avoid Lincoln Field Building and go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go through the University Hall to the Robinson Hall .
go to the Brown University without going to the Class of 1887 Gate .
proceed to John Carter Brown Library but avoid Wriston Quad on the way . if you have reached John Carter Brown Library then you can proceed to Wriston Quad .
stay on the Lot 76 while going to the Walter Hall .
head to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
proceed to Maxcy Hall without going through the BERT .
go to John Nicholas Brown Gate through the Gardner House .
go to the Swearer Center for Public Service through the Friedman Hall
move to anywhere on the Walter Hall , then move to anywhere on the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity avoiding the Salomon Center for Teaching . only if you reached the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity then you may proceed to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
avoid Lyman Hall until you go to Prospect House .
go to Lincoln Field Building .
avoid Quiet Green and go to the Sharpe Refectory .
go to Sears through the List Art Building
avoid the Gardner House and go to Hegeman .
go to the Lot 76 , then go to the Marston Hall .
avoid the Norwood House until you navigate to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop
navigate to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology staying on the Brown University Sciences Library .
go to the Circle Dance Sculpture or the Maxcy Hall only .
go to the The Ivy Room but do not go through the Robinson Hall first .
avoid Mencoff Hall and go to Van Wickle Gates .
avoid Walter Hall until you go to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to the John Hay Library before you go to 86 Waterman  .
go to Van Wickle Gates
go to the Barus Building .
always avoid the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology and navigate to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to or through the Untitled Lamp/Bear always avoid going to the Untitled Lamp/Bear through the Manning
stay on the John Hay Library and navigate to Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology and if you have reached the Watson Center for Information Technology you may proceed to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority or stay in the Watson Center for Information Technology .
avoid the Arnold Laboratory and go to Lot 18 .
go to the Class of 1872 Gate and then go to the Rhode Island Hall .
go to the Littlefield Hall through the Friedman Hall .
go to Prospect House .
avoid the Maxcy Green until you go to the Slavery Memorial .
navigate through Barus Building then go to BERT .
always avoid the Brown University and go to the Rockefeller Library .
avoid the Maddock Alumni  and go to the Hughes Court .
go through BERT on your way to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
stay on the Starbucks while going to the Carrie Tower .
avoid Blue Room and go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
always avoid going to Watson Center for Information Technology through the 86 Waterman 
go to the Simmons Quadrangle .
go to the Class of 1887 Gate by touching the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go through the Robinson Hall to the Caswell Hall .
go through the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate to Robinson Gate .
move to the Caswell Hall then continue to the Maxcy Green .
go to the Wayland and avoid the Arnold Laboratory .
go through the Friedman Hall to Rockefeller Library .
navigate directly to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to the Swearer Center for Public Service via the Simmons Quadrangle .
avoid Brown University and go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to the Van Wickle Gates while always avoiding Lot 18
go to the War Memorial while always avoiding the Quiet Green .
go to the John Hay Library and then to Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to the Starbucks and avoid the Wilbour Hall .
go to the Wayland and then go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
avoid Idee di pietra until going to the Saint Stephens Church .
head to the Sharpe Refectory avoiding John Nicholas Brown Gate .
avoid the Barus Building until going to the Brown University .
go to the Horace Mann House through the Lippit House
always avoid 67 George while going to Friedman Hall .
navigate from the Robinson Gate to the Brown University Sciences Library .
go through the Salomon Center for Teaching to Blue Room .
navigate to Minden Hall then continue to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to University Hall .
go from Caswell Hall to Lippit House .
go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall through The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
always go to Brown Bear before Lippit House .
avoid the Marston Hall until going to 67 George .
go to the Sharpe Refectory by first visiting The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to the Brown Bear , then proceed to Slater Hall .
navigate to the J.W. Wilson then continue to Hughes Court .
always avoid going through the Robinson Hall to the The Ivy Room
navigate to Campus Market through the Lyman Hall .
go to Hughes Court through the Mencoff Hall
avoid the first and Starbucks and go to Lippit House .
avoid the J.W. Wilson and navigate to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to Hope College
go to P-131317 .
go to College Green through the Class of 1872 Gate .
avoid the Van Wickle Gates until you go to the Robinson Gate .
go through the Van Wickle Gates to Wayland .
always avoid Norwood House and go through the Idee di pietra .
go to the John Carter Brown Library while avoiding Barus Building .
go to the J.W. Wilson .
advance to Campus Market but always avoid the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to Lippit House but do not first go through the Class of 1872 Gate .
go through Lincoln Field Building to Brown Center for Students of Color .
navigate to the Robinson Hall while avoiding Walter Hall .
avoid the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop until after navigating to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
always avoid J.W. Wilson and go through the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to Starbucks .
avoid the Maxcy Hall until reaching the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to the Lot 18 while always avoiding Kassar House
go through the Maddock Alumni  before going to the Minden Hall .
move to the Saint Stephens Church but go through Arnold Laboratory first .
go to the Brown Bear through the Saint Stephens Church
go to the Minden Hall through Marcus Aurelius .
move to the Simmons Quadrangle but ensure to go to the University Hall first .
go to the Brown Bear via Slater Hall .
remain on the Brown University and go directly to the Prince Engineering Lab .
avoid Morgan Witter Rogers Gate and go to Mencoff Hall .
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate through Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to Hope College but always avoid Prince Engineering Lab .
avoid the Littlefield Hall and go to University Hall
go to the Arnold Laboratory through the The Ivy Room
avoid the Marston Hall and go to Lyman Hall .
without stepping in the William Goddard Memorial Gate , go to Hughes Court .
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ , and then go to the Littlefield Hall .
go to J.W. Wilson before going in the Littlefield Hall
move to Medical Research Lab .
move to the Starbucks and then move to BERT .
go to Manning through the Marston Hall
avoid Swearer Center for Public Service until going to the Rockefeller Library .
go through the Brown Center for Students of Color before going to the Robinson Hall .
go through the John Hay Library to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to or through the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate . always avoid going to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate through Maxcy Hall
go to the Brown University Sciences Library while avoiding Idee di pietra .
go to the Walter Hall while avoiding the List Art Building
go to Brown Center for Students of Color , then go to P-131317 .
navigate to the Arnold Laboratory .
go through the Lot 17 to the Class of 1887 Gate .
go to Brown Bear passing through the Littlefield Hall .
head to the Friedman Hall , but make sure to go through the Lot 18 first .
go to Starbucks without first passing through University Hall .
avoid going through Horace Mann House until you go through the Medical Research Lab .
move to the Maddock Alumni  and then move to Campus Market .
navigate to the University Hall and avoid Wilbour Hall .
go to Slavery Memorial then go to Slavery Memorial .
go to the John Hay Library while avoiding the Finlandia .
advance to William Goddard Memorial Gate but always avoid the Shirley Miller House .
go to the Class of 1872 Gate through the Brown University Sciences Library
go to the Lyman Hall then move to the Marston Hall .
go through the Lot 76 first , then go to the Urban Environmental Lab .
go to the Class of 1872 Gate
go to the Swearer Center for Public Service always avoiding the Citizen's Bank .
first move to Marston Hall then navigate to the Idee di pietra .
go to the Class of 1872 Gate through the Hope College .
navigate to the Salomon Center for Teaching staying on the Wayland .
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color while avoiding the Gardner House
first go to to Starbucks then go to the Horace Mann House .
go to Gardner House before going to the Brown Bear .
avoid the Wriston Quad until you go to John Carter Brown Library .
go to the Citizen's Bank .
go to the Brown University through Rhode Island Hall .
go to or through Maxcy Green always avoid going to Soldiers Memorial Gate through Soldiers Memorial Gate
go to the Lyman Hall .
avoid Salomon Center for Teaching while going to the Slater Hall .
go through Sharpe Refectory to the Walter Hall .
go to Van Wickle Gates from the Shirley Miller House only .
head to Friedman Hall after going to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to the John Hay Library
go to 67 George but do not first pass through Caswell Hall .
avoid the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity and go to the Friedman Hall .
go to Brown Bear .
go to Manning through the Brown Center for Students of Color
first go to to Sharpe Refectory then go to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
always go through the University Hall to get to the Marcus Aurelius .
go from Lincoln Field Building to Van Wickle Gates .
move to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop and then the 67 George .
go through the War Memorial before going to the Finlandia .
go through the Rhode Island Hall to the Littlefield Hall .
navigate to the List Art Building then continue to War Memorial .
go to or through the Manning , but avoid going to the Manning through the Horace Mann House
go to the Brown University but avoid the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to Sayles Hall without going into the Brown University Sciences Library
pass through College Green on your way to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to Idee di pietra by avoiding the University Hall and then stay there or continue to the University Hall .
go to the Maddock Alumni  through the Lot 18
go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology and avoid Wilbour Hall .
go to the Marcus Aurelius through the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to Wriston Quad before going to Brown Center for Students of Color .
go through the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall before going to Swearer Center for Public Service
head to the War Memorial and then head to the Barus Building .
move to the John Hay Library .
go to List Art Building and then go to the Carrie Tower .
avoid the Marcus Aurelius and go to the Shirley Miller House .
avoid Marcus Aurelius until you go to the Citizen's Bank .
get to Lot 17 , while avoiding Shirley Miller House
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall through the Shirley Miller House .
go to the P-131317 .
travel to Walter Hall .
always avoid the Brown Bear and travel to Simmons Quadrangle .
go to the Wilbour Hall avoiding Campus Market .
start on the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology and move directly to Shirley Miller House .
go to the Brown Bear by first going to the P-131317 .
go through the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop , then make your way to Shirley Miller House .
go through the Brown University Sciences Library to get to Class of 1872 Gate
go to the Lot 17 before going to the Brown Bear .
stay on the Wriston Quad and go to Saint Stephens Church .
avoid the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority and go to Gardner House if you reached the Gardner House , you can now go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority or stay on Gardner House .
go to the Carrie Tower
go to Salomon Center for Teaching
avoid Littlefield Hall and go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to the Lot 76 through the Untitled Lamp/Bear
go to Shirley Miller House before going to the Mencoff Hall .
go to the Blue Room while avoiding the Class of 1872 Gate and if you have reached the Blue Room then you can go to the Class of 1872 Gate .
go to Class of 1872 Gate through the Arnold Laboratory .
avoid The Ivy Room and proceed to Circle Dance Sculpture
go to Starbucks through the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
navigate to Arnold Laboratory through the War Memorial .
go to the Robinson Hall or the Swearer Center for Public Service only .
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color through the Robinson Gate .
go to the Prospect House and then to Hughes Court .
go to the Lincoln Field Building and then go to Soldiers Memorial Gate .
move to the Lincoln Field Building and then the Minden Hall .
avoid Littlefield Hall and go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to the Maxcy Hall , then go to Hope College .
navigate to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority while avoiding Idee di pietra .
go to the Sayles Hall through the Prince Engineering Lab
go through the Carrie Tower to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to the Medical Research Lab .
proceed to the Brown University by going through the Shirley Miller House .
go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology by going through Maddock Alumni 
go to the 86 Waterman 
avoid the John Carter Brown Library on your way to the Maxcy Hall . once you get to the Maxcy Hall you can to the John Carter Brown Library .
move to the Kassar House but go through William Goddard Memorial Gate first .
move to anywhere on the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity , then move to anywhere on the Brown University Sciences Library .
go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences through the Maddock Alumni  .
navigate through Slavery Memorial then go to Starbucks .
head to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ after going to the Maddock Alumni  .
go through the Shirley Miller House to Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to the Citizen's Bank
go to the Rockefeller Library then the John Hay Library .
avoid J.W. Wilson until you navigate to Brown University Sciences Library .
navigate to the Medical Research Lab via the Lot 18 .
go through the Hegeman before going to Sharpe Refectory
navigate to the Walter Hall then continue to J.W. Wilson .
go to the Gardner House but avoid Watson Center for Information Technology .
move to John Nicholas Brown Gate but avoid Faunce House .
go to the Sayles Hall through the Maxcy Hall
navigate to the Norwood House while avoiding Finlandia .
avoid the Prince Engineering Lab and go to the Citizen's Bank .
go to Horace Mann House , then go to Lincoln Field Building .
avoid the Simmons Quadrangle and go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to the Medical Research Lab .
pass through Casey Shearer Memorial before going to the Lincoln Field Building .
move to the Maxcy Green and then head to Walter Hall .
avoid the John Nicholas Brown Gate while going to the Urban Environmental Lab .
go to the John Hay Library before you go to Hope College .
avoid the first and Metcalf Research Building and go to Horace Mann House .
navigate to the The Ivy Room but do not pass through the Wilbour Hall .
navigate to the Wriston Quad always avoiding the Starbucks .
navigate to the Rhode Island Hall always avoiding the Manning .
always avoid Barus Building and go to the Robinson Hall .
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching but avoid the P-131317 .
go from the Lippit House to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
avoid Circle Dance Sculpture and go to Lot 17 .
go to the Sayles Hall .
avoid the Wilbour Hall until passing Class of 1887 Gate .
go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear
first move to Prospect House then navigate to the University Hall .
go to William Goddard Memorial Gate .
head to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ but first go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
navigate to the Starbucks .
avoid the first and 67 George and go to Maxcy Green .
avoid the Caswell Hall until going to the Barus Building .
avoid the Gardner House and go to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to Carrie Tower without first passing through Slavery Memorial .
do n't go into the Hughes Court until going to 67 George
avoid Horace Mann House until going to John Hay Library .
go to the Blue Room then move to the Walter Hall .
always avoid Wriston Quad and go to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall , before going to Sharpe Refectory .
go through the Caswell Hall and navigate to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
avoid the Brown Bear until you go through the Arnold Laboratory .
go to Arnold Laboratory .
proceed to Metcalf Research Building but avoid Brown Bear on the way . if you have reached Metcalf Research Building then you can proceed to Brown Bear .
go to the Prince Engineering Lab
stay on the Brown Center for Students of Color and navigate to Friedman Hall .
move to the Carrie Tower , travelling through the Minden Hall .
go to the Gardner House by avoiding Robinson Hall and then stay in the Gardner House or continue to Robinson Hall
go to Maxcy Hall .
go to Faunce House through the Swearer Center for Public Service .
navigate to the Maddock Alumni  before going to Watson Center for Information Technology .
navigate to Starbucks .
travel through the Hegeman then go to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
first navigate to the Casey Shearer Memorial , then make your way to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to the The Ivy Room avoiding the Sayles Hall . only if you reached the The Ivy Room then you may proceed to the Sayles Hall .
go to the Simmons Quadrangle
go to Van Wickle Gates passing through the Hegeman .
go to Gardner House
go to John Hay Library
go to the Wriston Quad while avoiding the Rhode Island Hall and if you have reached the Wriston Quad then you can go to the Rhode Island Hall .
go to or through Faunce House avoiding going through Rockefeller Library
go to Gardner House and then go to the Manning .
go through Marston Hall before going to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
visit the Rhode Island Hall and then move to the The Ivy Room .
go to the J.W. Wilson whilst avoiding the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go from War Memorial to Arnold Laboratory .
navigate directly to the Lot 17 .
always go to Prince Engineering Lab before Rockefeller Library .
go from Lyman Hall to Littlefield Hall .
avoid the Wriston Quad before you navigate to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
avoid Slater Hall and go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology if you have reached Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology then you can go to Slater Hall .
go through Caswell Hall to the Norwood House .
avoid Lot 18 while going to the Simmons Quadrangle .
avoid the Sharpe Refectory until you go to the Manning .
navigate to Maddock Alumni  .
avoid Salomon Center for Teaching until you go to Sayles Hall .
go to Arnold Laboratory through the Citizen's Bank
avoid the Rhode Island Hall until you go to the Marston Hall .
go to Circle Dance Sculpture while avoiding the Lippit House .
go from the John Nicholas Brown Gate to Friedman Hall
go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear then the Hegeman .
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall but avoid the Hope College .
go to the Horace Mann House by first going through the Barus Building .
always pass through the Faunce House to get to Horace Mann House .
move to Citizen's Bank , but travel to the University Hall first .
move to the Lincoln Field Building and then head to Horace Mann House .
avoid BERT and go to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go through the Barus Building to the Sharpe Refectory .
go to Brown Bear
go to the Rockefeller Library avoiding P-131317 .
move to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to the Caswell Hall , then go to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go through the Marston Hall to the List Art Building .
go to List Art Building and then to Starbucks
always avoid Lincoln Field Building and go to Maxcy Green .
navigate to Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to the Class of 1872 Gate .
go to Mencoff Hall first , without passing through the List Art Building
avoid the Rockefeller Library and go to Van Wickle Gates .
navigate to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop but do not go through the Rhode Island Hall first .
go to P-131317 via the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop
go to Watson Center for Information Technology , then go to William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to Prince Engineering Lab
always avoid the Gardner House and go to the Saint Stephens Church .
move towards Walter Hall and then to Idee di pietra .
travel to Blue Room .
go to War Memorial through Prospect House .
always avoid Sears and go to College Green .
go to Hegeman through the Lippit House
go to Minden Hall and avoid the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology
avoid the Marston Hall until you go to the Class of 1872 Gate .
go to Caswell Hall , then go to Rockefeller Library .
navigate through Untitled Lamp/Bear to the Brown Bear .
go to the Lot 76 always avoiding the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to the Horace Mann House , then go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
always pass Quiet Green before Sayles Hall .
go to Kassar House before going to the Maxcy Hall .
avoid Horace Mann House until you go to Lot 76 .
go to the Shirley Miller House .
avoid the Maxcy Hall until going to Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to the 86 Waterman  .
from the Medical Research Lab go to Sears .
move to the Lippit House .
go to the Starbucks but never go to the Slavery Memorial .
avoid the Rockefeller Library and go to the List Art Building .
go to the Medical Research Lab without going to the Slater Hall
avoid the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology until going to the Slavery Memorial .
go from the Manning to 67 George
avoid J.W. Wilson until going to the Robinson Hall .
get to Sears , while avoiding Lot 76
go to the Class of 1887 Gate before going to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
head to the Brown University Sciences Library without going through the Class of 1887 Gate
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
avoid the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate and go to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
move to Norwood House from the John Carter Brown Library .
avoid the Marcus Aurelius until going to the Arnold Laboratory .
go to Maxcy Hall , avoiding the Robinson Gate
go to Soldiers Memorial Gate while avoiding Caswell Hall
go to the P-131317 .
go through the Hope College to the Friedman Hall
always avoid Campus Market and go through the Prospect House .
avoid Marston Hall until you go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go through Prospect House on your way to the Barus Building .
go to Sayles Hall before going to J.W. Wilson .
always avoid going to Minden Hall through the Friedman Hall
go to the Slater Hall while avoiding the Caswell Hall
go to Walter Hall while avoiding going through any other objects
move to William Goddard Memorial Gate after moving to the Marcus Aurelius .
visit the J.W. Wilson and then move to the Horace Mann House .
go to the Robinson Gate before going to Minden Hall .
avoid Class of 1887 Gate until after you go to Arnold Laboratory .
go through Soldiers Memorial Gate before going to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
avoid the 86 Waterman  and go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop . if you reached the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop then you may go to the 86 Waterman  , or just stay on the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
stay on the Wilbour Hall and go to Saint Stephens Church .
always avoid the Quiet Green and go to the John Hay Library .
stay on the Brown University and navigate to Arnold Laboratory .
go to the Class of 1887 Gate , then proceed to Quiet Green .
go to BERT after going to Lot 18 .
go from the Arnold Laboratory to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to the Saint Stephens Church through Van Wickle Gates
avoid the Lincoln Field Building until going to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
first go to the 67 George and then go to Wilbour Hall .
always go through the Salomon Center for Teaching before going to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
move to Hughes Court but avoid Idee di pietra .
go to Lincoln Field Building and avoid the Starbucks .
go to the Minden Hall after you go to the 86 Waterman  .
first navigate to P-131317 , then go to Horace Mann House .
navigate to John Carter Brown Library through the Casey Shearer Memorial .
navigate to the Slavery Memorial .
avoid Hughes Court and go to John Nicholas Brown Gate .
avoid Manning until reaching the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
avoid Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop while going to the Littlefield Hall .
avoid Hegeman and go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to the Mencoff Hall and then go to Arnold Laboratory .
avoid the Barus Building until going to the Wayland .
stay on the Marston Hall while navigating to William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to a spot in the Citizen's Bank , but do n't touch Barus Building .
do n't go into the Salomon Center for Teaching until going to Prince Engineering Lab
go to the Faunce House .
go to Brown University and then go to the Lot 18 .
go to Norwood House passing through the Caswell Hall .
navigate to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall then continue to Robinson Hall .
stay on the Slater Hall and navigate to Brown University .
stay on the Mencoff Hall and go to University Hall .
go to the Wilbour Hall before going to Marcus Aurelius
avoid Citizen's Bank until navigating to the 67 George .
go from Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop to Sears .
go to the Minden Hall through the Starbucks .
avoid the Marcus Aurelius until passing John Hay Library .
avoid Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop , and go to William Goddard Memorial Gate .
avoid the Kassar House until going to the Minden Hall .
first move to Prospect House then navigate to the Saint Stephens Church .
move to the Maxcy Green .
avoiding the Hughes Court , go to Robinson Gate .
avoid John Hay Library and go to the Mencoff Hall .
go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity , then go to Friedman Hall
stay on the Manning and navigate to Maxcy Green .
go to the Maxcy Hall and then go directly to the List Art Building .
go to Blue Room and then the Starbucks
go to the Marcus Aurelius through P-131317
navigate to the Norwood House via the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go from the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop to the Untitled Lamp/Bear
go to Lincoln Field Building through the Horace Mann House
go to the J.W. Wilson and then go to the Walter Hall .
go from the Van Wickle Gates to the Kassar House
always avoid the Robinson Hall and navigate to the Littlefield Hall .
go through Littlefield Hall to the College Green .
go to the Swearer Center for Public Service , then go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to the Slavery Memorial avoiding Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
from the P-131317 go to Salomon Center for Teaching .
avoid the Citizen's Bank until you go to Class of 1872 Gate .
go to War Memorial and avoid the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
always go to University Hall before navigating to the Gardner House .
avoid the Slavery Memorial until going to Walter Hall .
visit the Lot 18 then go to the Lippit House .
go to the Maxcy Hall .
go to the Maddock Alumni  without going to the Medical Research Lab .
go to the List Art Building while always avoiding the Brown University Sciences Library
go to Kassar House by going through Watson Center for Information Technology
go to Rockefeller Library before going to Friedman Hall .
avoid Van Wickle Gates until you have passed through Friedman Hall
go through the Brown University to Robinson Hall .
go to the Lot 17 by first going through the Lyman Hall .
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority
go to John Nicholas Brown Gate before going to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
visit John Carter Brown Library but do n't leave the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to the Campus Market , then head to the Brown University Sciences Library .
avoid Lippit House and go to the Robinson Hall .
go to or through Watson Center for Information Technology avoiding going through Sayles Hall
navigate to the Marcus Aurelius .
go through William Goddard Memorial Gate and then to the The Ivy Room .
navigate from the Mencoff Hall to the P-131317 .
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity without ever leaving the Citizen's Bank .
go to the Hegeman then go to Swearer Center for Public Service
move to anywhere on the Walter Hall , then move to anywhere on the Maxcy Green .
avoid College Green while going to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ through Swearer Center for Public Service .
avoid Maxcy Hall until you go to the Brown Bear .
go to the College Green through the Class of 1872 Gate .
go through Littlefield Hall to the Arnold Laboratory .
go to the Arnold Laboratory through the Hegeman .
go through the Saint Stephens Church then to the Blue Room .
avoid Robinson Gate and go to the Simmons Quadrangle .
go to Hughes Court .
avoid Barus Building until going to the John Hay Library .
go to Horace Mann House , then go to Norwood House .
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
navigate to the Quiet Green , and then navigate to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to Rhode Island Hall then go to the Robinson Hall .
go through the Wilbour Hall to the The Ivy Room .
go through the Brown University Sciences Library and navigate to the Maxcy Hall .
go through the Minden Hall to get to War Memorial
avoid the Lot 76 until you go to the Saint Stephens Church .
go through the Littlefield Hall to the Sears .
go through Gardner House to the Manning .
always avoid Sayles Hall and navigate to the Littlefield Hall .
go to Class of 1872 Gate through Wayland .
go through College Green to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to Finlandia but do not first go through the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
avoid the Prospect House and go to the 67 George .
avoid Hegeman and go to Medical Research Lab .
go through the Van Wickle Gates to 67 George .
go to or through the Van Wickle Gates , but avoid going to the Van Wickle Gates through the Lippit House
go to Robinson Gate before going to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority
go to the Citizen's Bank through the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to the Prospect House .
navigate to Starbucks through the Lot 17 .
avoid Swearer Center for Public Service and go to John Carter Brown Library .
navigate to the Lyman Hall through the John Hay Library .
go to the John Carter Brown Library but avoid the Robinson Hall .
stay on the John Carter Brown Library while navigating to Prince Engineering Lab .
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
avoid the War Memorial on your way to Barus Building .
navigate to the Robinson Hall while avoiding Littlefield Hall .
go to Arnold Laboratory by first going to the Prospect House .
go to the 86 Waterman  through the Quiet Green
go to Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Brown University Sciences Library .
go to the Prospect House before going to the Casey Shearer Memorial
go to the Brown Bear then go to the College Green
stay on the Horace Mann House and go to the Starbucks .
avoid the Brown University and go to the P-131317 .
go through Arnold Laboratory before going to the Shirley Miller House .
always avoid the University Hall and travel to Brown Bear .
avoid Lot 18 while going to the War Memorial .
go to the Mencoff Hall .
do not navigate away from the Robinson Hall and go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to the Hughes Court through Brown Bear .
go to the Lot 17 and then to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
avoid the Kassar House as you go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
navigate through Friedman Hall and go to the Brown Bear .
navigate to the Walter Hall always avoiding the University Hall .
go to Horace Mann House
move to Lot 76 and then proceed to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
visit the Brown Bear and then proceed to the Lippit House .
go to the Arnold Laboratory through the Class of 1872 Gate .
navigate to the Lot 18 while avoiding Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to Lippit House .
always avoid going through Horace Mann House
stay on the Idee di pietra and go to Manning .
navigate to the Lot 18 before going to the Prince Engineering Lab .
go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
navigate to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity through the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
always avoid going through Slater Hall
visit the 67 George then go to the Friedman Hall .
go to the Horace Mann House before going to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to College Green , then go to Marcus Aurelius .
go to Quiet Green through the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ
go through the Shirley Miller House to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate
go to the Sayles Hall but avoid the Hegeman .
always avoid going to Wriston Quad through the Urban Environmental Lab
go through the Slavery Memorial , then make your way to John Nicholas Brown Gate .
move to Sears after moving to the Lippit House .
first navigate to the Lot 18 , then make your way to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology after going to the Brown University .
always avoid Lyman Hall and navigate to the Lot 76 .
avoid Campus Market and go to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
navigate to the Brown Bear while avoiding the Medical Research Lab .
go to the Shirley Miller House through the Brown University Sciences Library
go to the Hegeman .
go to Lincoln Field Building
navigate to Prince Engineering Lab through the Faunce House .
navigate to the Robinson Hall and avoid Littlefield Hall .
do n't go into the Lyman Hall until going to Littlefield Hall
move to the Quiet Green .
go to the Slavery Memorial .
avoid the Urban Environmental Lab until going to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
avoiding the Faunce House , go to Wriston Quad .
from the Manning , navigate to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
travel to 86 Waterman  .
always avoid the Kassar House while navigating to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop then go to Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to Maxcy Green and then to Gardner House
avoid the Sears until going through Salomon Center for Teaching .
avoid the Minden Hall until going to University Hall .
go to Simmons Quadrangle before navigating to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to the Mencoff Hall , then go to the Saint Stephens Church .
head to the Metcalf Research Building without going through the Slater Hall
always avoid the Hegeman to navigate to Saint Stephens Church .
head to Lot 18 after going to the The Ivy Room .
do not go into the University Hall until going to Campus Market
go to the Starbucks .
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching
avoid the Rockefeller Library until you go to the J.W. Wilson .
go to the Casey Shearer Memorial
navigate to Class of 1887 Gate then continue to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to Brown University through the Lot 76 .
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall and avoid the Faunce House .
go to Van Wickle Gates .
go to the The Ivy Room through the Wayland .
avoid the Simmons Quadrangle and go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to Idee di pietra through the Faunce House .
avoid the Saint Stephens Church until you go to Wilbour Hall .
go to University Hall through Sharpe Refectory .
avoid the Gardner House until you go to the Sears .
avoid 86 Waterman  until you go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
navigate to the Citizen's Bank .
avoid the Rhode Island Hall before you navigate to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
navigate to the Wilbour Hall , avoiding Brown Bear .
avoid Circle Dance Sculpture until going to Lot 76 .
go to the Brown University Sciences Library before going to Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to the Slater Hall , then go to the John Carter Brown Library
go to the Lot 76 .
visit the Slater Hall and then proceed to the Faunce House .
avoid the Rhode Island Hall and reach Robinson Gate
always go through the John Nicholas Brown Gate before going to Salomon Center for Teaching .
go from the Lot 17 to the Campus Market
go to the Rhode Island Hall by first going to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go through Gardner House to the J.W. Wilson .
go to Lot 76 before going to Carrie Tower
go through Brown University Sciences Library before going to the Lyman Hall .
avoid the Rhode Island Hall and go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to the Slavery Memorial avoiding Rhode Island Hall .
move to Lippit House but avoid Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to Gardner House through the The Ivy Room
navigate to the The Ivy Room .
navigate to the Hughes Court staying on the List Art Building .
go through the Caswell Hall before going to the Norwood House .
go directly to University Hall
go to the Brown Bear avoiding the Urban Environmental Lab .
go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology first
go to Swearer Center for Public Service while avoiding the first and Minden Hall .
navigate to the Simmons Quadrangle .
go to the Hope College and then to the BERT .
avoid the Sharpe Refectory and go to the Mencoff Hall .
go to Campus Market through the Barus Building
go to Slater Hall without going to Idee di pietra
go to Hegeman and then go to the Carrie Tower .
pass through the BERT before going to the Campus Market .
go to the Robinson Hall then go to Slavery Memorial .
navigate to the Robinson Gate .
go through the Minden Hall to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to the Maxcy Green .
avoid the first and 67 George and go to Rockefeller Library .
go to Slavery Memorial after navigating to the Marston Hall .
go to Littlefield Hall through the Class of 1872 Gate
always go through the Circle Dance Sculpture before going to Arnold Laboratory .
navigate to the Class of 1887 Gate by passing through the Watson Center for Information Technology .
proceed to Quiet Green without going through the John Hay Library .
go to or through the Slavery Memorial always avoid going to the Slavery Memorial through Faunce House
go through the John Carter Brown Library and navigate to the John Hay Library .
visit the Marston Hall and then move to the Prospect House .
go to the BERT through the Manning
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall through the Caswell Hall
move to Marston Hall , but travel to the Hope College first .
go through the Gardner House to the Lot 18 .
avoid the Hughes Court until you go to the Marston Hall .
always avoid Idee di pietra and go to the P-131317 .
avoid the Simmons Quadrangle until going to the Wilbour Hall .
go to the Casey Shearer Memorial through the List Art Building .
avoid the Littlefield Hall until going to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
navigate to the John Carter Brown Library , avoiding Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to the Casey Shearer Memorial through the Prospect House .
stay on the Brown Bear and go to Norwood House .
go to War Memorial , avoiding the Faunce House
go to or through the University Hall always avoid going through the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall
go to Lot 17 through Gardner House
navigate to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching whilst avoiding the Marston Hall .
go to Simmons Quadrangle through the Carrie Tower .
go to Lyman Hall through Brown University .
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate without going to the Idee di pietra .
navigate to Marston Hall through the Wilbour Hall .
head to the Minden Hall avoiding Simmons Quadrangle .
go to the Rockefeller Library while avoiding the Carrie Tower
go to the Caswell Hall , then head to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go from the Watson Center for Information Technology to the Maddock Alumni  .
navigate to the Simmons Quadrangle then continue to Brown Bear .
go to the Sears .
move to anywhere on the Carrie Tower , then move to anywhere on the J.W. Wilson .
go to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to Prospect House through the Urban Environmental Lab
go to the Wayland .
go up to Starbucks .
move to Lippit House .
go from the Campus Market to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall
move to Brown Center for Students of Color without entering the Lincoln Field Building . then you may stay at Brown Center for Students of Color or go to the Lincoln Field Building .
always avoid the Soldiers Memorial Gate and go to the Slater Hall .
always avoid Rockefeller Library and go to the Quiet Green .
go to the Brown University Sciences Library before going to the John Hay Library
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching and then navigate to the Robinson Gate .
go directly to Soldiers Memorial Gate
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching through the Gardner House .
go up to the Hughes Court without going to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to John Hay Library .
go to the Medical Research Lab by going through Kassar House .
avoid the Medical Research Lab and go to Barus Building .
go to Sears while always avoiding the Shirley Miller House .
got to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity through the Prospect House .
go to the Swearer Center for Public Service and avoid the Saint Stephens Church .
go through the Wayland then to the Walter Hall .
go through the Lot 17 to the Rockefeller Library .
go to the Class of 1887 Gate .
go to the Littlefield Hall through the Sears .
navigate through Minden Hall and go to the Brown University .
go to the College Green and go down to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to Salomon Center for Teaching and then go to the Sayles Hall .
get to University Hall , while avoiding Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology
avoid the Robinson Gate until going to the Maxcy Hall .
go to the Starbucks without going to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
avoid Wriston Quad on your way to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
avoid the Finlandia , navigate to the John Hay Library .
go to the Class of 1887 Gate avoiding the Lot 17 . only if you reached the Class of 1887 Gate then you may proceed to the Lot 17 .
go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate by first going to the Horace Mann House .
while avoiding the Urban Environmental Lab , navigate to Sayles Hall .
always go to Lippit House before Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to Brown Bear while avoiding Simmons Quadrangle
go to the Sayles Hall through the Barus Building .
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology through Lippit House .
always avoid the J.W. Wilson and travel to Maxcy Hall .
move to the William Goddard Memorial Gate avoiding Prospect House if you got to the William Goddard Memorial Gate then you can continue to Prospect House .
go to Arnold Laboratory before going to 67 George .
go to Robinson Gate
go to the John Hay Library avoiding Metcalf Research Building .
go to the Medical Research Lab , then go to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
always avoid Salomon Center for Teaching and navigate to Rhode Island Hall .
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology through Lyman Hall .
go through the Casey Shearer Memorial to Sayles Hall .
go to or through the Slater Hall always avoid going through the Minden Hall
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ then move to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
avoid Lot 18 and go to the 67 George .
visit the Quiet Green and then move to the Robinson Hall .
go to the Sharpe Refectory while avoiding William Goddard Memorial Gate
go to the Friedman Hall before going to the Prince Engineering Lab .
visit the Caswell Hall and then move to the Shirley Miller House .
avoid the John Hay Library and go to The Ivy Room .
visit University Hall but do n't leave the Sayles Hall .
go to the Marston Hall before going to Barus Building
go through the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop and navigate to the Van Wickle Gates .
go from Slavery Memorial to Brown University .
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate but avoid Starbucks .
avoid Idee di pietra and move into the Marston Hall .
go to the Brown Bear
navigate to Prospect House .
go through the Barus Building to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go through the Rockefeller Library to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go through the The Ivy Room to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to the Wilbour Hall without going to the 86 Waterman 
go through the University Hall to Campus Market .
avoid Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop while navigating to Wayland .
go to Lot 76 before going to the Starbucks
go to the Barus Building avoiding Shirley Miller House if you reached the Barus Building then you may go to Shirley Miller House .
go through the Walter Hall to the Urban Environmental Lab .
go to the Simmons Quadrangle .
go to Medical Research Lab , before going to Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to Saint Stephens Church and then go to the Finlandia .
go to the John Carter Brown Library without going to the Marston Hall
move to the Kassar House .
go to the Hughes Court by first going through J.W. Wilson .
go to the Van Wickle Gates through the Prince Engineering Lab
go through the Circle Dance Sculpture to Norwood House .
start on the College Green , go directly to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
avoid Faunce House and go to Robinson Hall .
go to Faunce House through the 67 George .
do not go into the Campus Market until going to Littlefield Hall
go to the Kassar House avoiding Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Manning through the Faunce House .
go to Wayland while always avoiding the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to the Shirley Miller House through the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to the Barus Building and then to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
avoid Gardner House until you go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to the Brown Bear before you go to Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to Littlefield Hall through Hegeman .
avoid the Campus Market until you go to the Marston Hall .
go through the Van Wickle Gates to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to the Sharpe Refectory through Manning .
avoid the Lot 76 until going to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to Marcus Aurelius through the Brown University Sciences Library .
go to the Prince Engineering Lab while avoiding Campus Market .
go to the Marcus Aurelius through the Sears .
navigate to Carrie Tower .
always avoid the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate and navigate to the Littlefield Hall .
avoid Walter Hall and go to Gardner House .
always avoid the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology and navigate to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to the Sears avoiding College Green .
navigate to the Medical Research Lab .
avoid Slavery Memorial and go to Untitled Lamp/Bear .
navigate to the Medical Research Lab always avoiding the Blue Room .
always go through the Mencoff Hall to get to the Slater Hall .
go to or through the War Memorial always avoid going to the War Memorial through the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity
go to the John Carter Brown Library .
start on the College Green and move directly to Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to Prince Engineering Lab then go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
always avoid the Van Wickle Gates and navigate to the Hughes Court .
always avoid the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ and go to Slater Hall .
go to Rockefeller Library through Carrie Tower .
go to or through the 67 George always avoid going through the Brown Center for Students of Color
visit the Shirley Miller House and then proceed to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
navigate to the Marcus Aurelius then continue to Kassar House .
avoid the Gardner House until going through Medical Research Lab .
go to or through the Casey Shearer Memorial always avoid going through the Caswell Hall
stay on the Marston Hall while navigating to Metcalf Research Building .
go to Finlandia through the Brown University
go to the Wayland .
go to Class of 1872 Gate without first passing through Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to Quiet Green .
visit the Class of 1872 Gate and then move to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
avoid the The Ivy Room until Hughes Court .
avoid Minden Hall and go to the Marcus Aurelius .
move to the BERT first then travel to College Green .
navigate to Horace Mann House .
go to Mencoff Hall while staying on the Brown Bear .
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology but never go to the John Hay Library .
go to Casey Shearer Memorial only through the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop
move towards P-131317 and then to Starbucks .
avoid Alpha Chi Omega Sorority on your way to the John Hay Library .
avoid Manning until going to the Van Wickle Gates .
always avoid Idee di pietra and navigate to the Gardner House .
go to the Caswell Hall through the Slater Hall .
go to the Wilbour Hall through Brown University Sciences Library .
go to the Idee di pietra while staying on the Slavery Memorial .
go to the Arnold Laboratory and if you have reached the Arnold Laboratory you may proceed to the Brown University Sciences Library or stay in the Arnold Laboratory .
travel to Simmons Quadrangle .
go to the The Ivy Room .
proceed to the Maxcy Green .
avoid Lot 76 and go to Marston Hall if you 've reached Marston Hall then you can go to Lot 76 .
proceed to Brown Bear but avoid 67 George on the way . if you have reached Brown Bear then you can proceed to 67 George .
do not go to War Memorial until going to Van Wickle Gates
head to the Simmons Quadrangle without going through the Marston Hall
move to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences but ensure to go to the J.W. Wilson first .
go to John Nicholas Brown Gate
go to List Art Building .
navigate to the Marcus Aurelius while avoiding Sears .
move to the Van Wickle Gates but go through Morgan Witter Rogers Gate first .
go to the Swearer Center for Public Service avoiding Robinson Hall .
head to the Slater Hall .
go to the 67 George through the Gardner House .
always go through the Prospect House before going to The Ivy Room .
go to Mencoff Hall avoiding the Marcus Aurelius . then go to the Marcus Aurelius or stay on Mencoff Hall .
avoid Finlandia until going to the J.W. Wilson .
travel to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
avoid the Van Wickle Gates until you go to the Lot 76 .
move towards Slavery Memorial and then to Maxcy Hall .
go to the J.W. Wilson through Hegeman .
go to John Hay Library from the 86 Waterman  only .
avoid the Soldiers Memorial Gate and go to the Lot 17 .
go to John Carter Brown Library through the Maddock Alumni  .
go from the Horace Mann House to the Metcalf Research Building
go to the Circle Dance Sculpture before you go to the Minden Hall .
always avoid the Gardner House and navigate to the Robinson Hall .
go to the War Memorial .
avoid Carrie Tower until you go to the 86 Waterman  .
navigate to the Citizen's Bank .
go through the Lyman Hall to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
navigate to the Marston Hall .
go through the Watson Center for Information Technology to the Simmons Quadrangle
go to BERT then go to the Wriston Quad .
visit Salomon Center for Teaching but do n't leave the Mencoff Hall .
pass through the Maddock Alumni  before going to the University Hall .
avoid Slavery Memorial and go to the Minden Hall .
avoiding the Campus Market , go to Robinson Gate .
go through the P-131317 to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
visit Alpha Chi Omega Sorority but do n't leave the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
avoid the Minden Hall until after going to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to College Green and then go to the Arnold Laboratory .
go through Rockefeller Library to the Lot 18 .
go to Caswell Hall through the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
avoid Alpha Chi Omega Sorority and go to the Class of 1887 Gate .
navigate to the Prince Engineering Lab then continue to Salomon Center for Teaching .
navigate to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
do not go into the Sears until going to Caswell Hall
always avoid Circle Dance Sculpture and navigate to the Van Wickle Gates .
always avoid Kassar House and navigate to the BERT .
go through the Arnold Laboratory to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
avoid the Arnold Laboratory and go to Prince Engineering Lab .
first go to the Marston Hall and then go to Sharpe Refectory .
avoid the Lot 17 until going to the Minden Hall .
go to Arnold Laboratory while avoiding the first and Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to the Minden Hall then the Starbucks .
go to Arnold Laboratory
avoid the List Art Building until after navigating to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to or through the Brown Bear . always avoid going to the Brown Bear through Norwood House
go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop and then the Slavery Memorial
go to Circle Dance Sculpture avoiding the Faunce House . then go to the Faunce House or stay on Circle Dance Sculpture .
start on the Sharpe Refectory and move directly to John Hay Library .
go to Lincoln Field Building .
go to Sharpe Refectory before going to Metcalf Research Building .
go through Circle Dance Sculpture and then to the Wriston Quad .
move to the Robinson Gate without leaving the 86 Waterman  .
go to the Starbucks .
go to the Maddock Alumni  through Sears
go to the War Memorial before going to Littlefield Hall
go to the Finlandia
go to the Prospect House by going through Hughes Court .
avoid the Quiet Green and go to the Class of 1872 Gate .
go through Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop to the Minden Hall .
visit Wriston Quad but do n't leave the Prince Engineering Lab .
avoid College Green and move into the Littlefield Hall .
avoid Brown University Sciences Library until going to the Sears .
go to the Class of 1872 Gate .
go through the Hughes Court to Lot 17 .
move to Medical Research Lab but avoid List Art Building .
go through the Campus Market to List Art Building .
always avoid going through Rhode Island Hall
avoid the Prospect House until you navigate to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go through the Barus Building to Blue Room .
navigate to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
navigate to the John Hay Library through the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
avoid the Salomon Center for Teaching and go to the War Memorial .
always go through the Manning to get to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to the Arnold Laboratory or the Wriston Quad only .
go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate avoiding Swearer Center for Public Service if you reached the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate then you may go to Swearer Center for Public Service .
avoid going through Campus Market until you go through the Rhode Island Hall .
go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
avoid the The Ivy Room until going to the Littlefield Hall .
go from Simmons Quadrangle to Robinson Gate .
go to Barus Building but do not first pass through GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to the Rockefeller Library , then go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to Circle Dance Sculpture through the Prospect House
go to Class of 1887 Gate without going into the Caswell Hall
stay on the Salomon Center for Teaching and move to Medical Research Lab .
go to the Simmons Quadrangle .
go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences while avoiding the Slavery Memorial and if you have reached the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences then you can go to the Slavery Memorial .
go to Rhode Island Hall always avoiding the Wriston Quad .
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
avoid the Lincoln Field Building until going to the Friedman Hall .
from the Blue Room go to Citizen's Bank .
go to Friedman Hall and avoid the Class of 1872 Gate .
avoid going through Lyman Hall until you go through the Wriston Quad .
navigate to Urban Environmental Lab .
stay on the 67 George and go to Lot 17 .
navigate to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to Prince Engineering Lab via the List Art Building .
go to the Shirley Miller House through Quiet Green
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color and then to the Brown Bear .
go to the Walter Hall before going to Idee di pietra
move to the 67 George .
go through the University Hall before going to the Walter Hall .
go to the John Hay Library through the Salomon Center for Teaching
head to the Rockefeller Library avoiding Brown Bear .
while always avoiding the Lot 17 , go to William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to Caswell Hall but remain on the Hegeman .
first navigate to the Maddock Alumni  , then make your way to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
avoid Horace Mann House until you pass through John Carter Brown Library .
travel to Lot 17 .
navigate to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop always passing through the Kassar House .
go to the Swearer Center for Public Service , then go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to Citizen's Bank while always avoiding the Marston Hall .
move to the Marston Hall avoiding Circle Dance Sculpture if you got to the Marston Hall then you can continue to Circle Dance Sculpture .
go through the Sears to Campus Market .
go to Casey Shearer Memorial and then the Brown University
go to the Circle Dance Sculpture
avoid Rockefeller Library while going to the War Memorial .
go from the John Hay Library to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop
navigate to Hughes Court then continue to the Rockefeller Library .
go through the Salomon Center for Teaching to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
avoid the Class of 1887 Gate until you navigate to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to Quiet Green then go to War Memorial .
go from the 67 George to Caswell Hall
go to Citizen's Bank but do not first go through the Slavery Memorial .
navigate to the Horace Mann House avoiding Wriston Quad .
go to the Prospect House , and then go to the College Green .
go to the Rhode Island Hall but avoid Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
avoid Prospect House and go to Barus Building .
do not go into the Mencoff Hall until going to Brown University
go to the Hope College before going to the Van Wickle Gates
go from the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to Shirley Miller House through the Finlandia
go to Sharpe Refectory by first visiting the Carrie Tower .
go to Swearer Center for Public Service , then head to the The Ivy Room .
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity , then go to Maddock Alumni  .
move to the William Goddard Memorial Gate avoiding 67 George if you got to the William Goddard Memorial Gate then you can continue to 67 George .
avoid Wilbour Hall until going to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go through the Slater Hall to the Van Wickle Gates
go through Horace Mann House to the Carrie Tower .
avoid the Slater Hall until you go to BERT .
go to Walter Hall .
navigate to the Urban Environmental Lab .
go to List Art Building , then go to Wilbour Hall .
go to Lot 18 by going through Horace Mann House
avoid Brown University and go to the Wriston Quad .
go through the Hughes Court to the Lot 18 .
go to the Minden Hall .
go to Brown Bear while avoiding going through any other objects
from the Maddock Alumni  , navigate to Citizen's Bank .
move to the Quiet Green without entering the 67 George .
go through the Barus Building before navigating to Brown Bear .
go to the Arnold Laboratory by going through The Ivy Room .
go to Casey Shearer Memorial
avoid the Class of 1872 Gate until passing Medical Research Lab .
go to the Marcus Aurelius avoiding Sharpe Refectory .
navigate to the Lincoln Field Building after going to the Shirley Miller House .
head to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
avoid Wayland and go to the Kassar House .
always avoid Robinson Gate and navigate to the Sharpe Refectory .
navigate to Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to the Idee di pietra then go to the Quiet Green
go through the Littlefield Hall , then make your way to Wilbour Hall .
go to anywhere on the Van Wickle Gates .
always avoid the Norwood House and go to the Starbucks .
avoiding the Hope College , go to Norwood House .
go to the Littlefield Hall avoiding the Hegeman . if you get to Littlefield Hall you can then proceed to the Hegeman
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology
move to War Memorial and then proceed to the Marcus Aurelius .
avoid the Watson Center for Information Technology and go to Casey Shearer Memorial .
go through the Norwood House , then make your way to Prince Engineering Lab .
avoid the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate and go to the Brown University .
go to the Van Wickle Gates .
go through the Class of 1887 Gate first , then go to the Carrie Tower .
go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate but avoid Prospect House if you reached to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate then you can head to Prospect House or stay put .
from the Slater Hall go to Watson Center for Information Technology .
while avoiding the Salomon Center for Teaching , navigate to Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to The Ivy Room through the John Hay Library .
go to the Swearer Center for Public Service through the Arnold Laboratory .
go to the Blue Room by first going through the 86 Waterman  .
go through the Marcus Aurelius before going to the Sayles Hall .
go to Brown University , then up to Wriston Quad .
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall before you navigate to Medical Research Lab .
avoid the 86 Waterman  and go to the Urban Environmental Lab .
pass through Simmons Quadrangle on your way to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to Sears without first passing through John Carter Brown Library .
always avoid going through List Art Building
move to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate without entering the Idee di pietra .
avoid William Goddard Memorial Gate and go to the Lot 18 .
go to the John Hay Library without ever leaving the Walter Hall .
move to Lot 18 , but travel to the Lot 17 first .
avoid Hughes Court until you go to the Shirley Miller House .
go through the Wilbour Hall to Hughes Court .
go to or through the Manning always avoid going to the Manning through Quiet Green
avoid Caswell Hall until going to the John Hay Library .
go to the Horace Mann House and avoid Rockefeller Library .
avoid College Green until you go to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
navigate to the Brown Bear .
go to William Goddard Memorial Gate after going to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to the Wilbour Hall before you go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
avoid the Lot 18 until after going to the Maddock Alumni  .
go through the Robinson Gate to Urban Environmental Lab .
proceed to the Gardner House by going through the Rhode Island Hall .
go to the Brown Bear but avoid the Slavery Memorial .
go to the Robinson Gate whilst avoiding the Simmons Quadrangle .
go from Robinson Hall to War Memorial .
go to the 86 Waterman  while avoiding the Finlandia .
avoid BERT and go to the Gardner House .
go to the Sears or the Wayland only .
avoid the Marston Hall and travel to the BERT .
go to the College Green through the Horace Mann House .
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color through the Hegeman
navigate to Walter Hall .
avoid the Circle Dance Sculpture and go to Manning .
go from Hope College to Campus Market .
move to Lincoln Field Building from the Finlandia .
go to the 67 George .
always go through the Robinson Hall to get to the Idee di pietra .
navigate to the Horace Mann House .
avoid the Caswell Hall until going to the Arnold Laboratory .
go to Class of 1872 Gate and avoid the Rhode Island Hall .
go to Citizen's Bank through the College Green
go to the Van Wickle Gates avoiding the 67 George . if you get to Van Wickle Gates you can then proceed to the 67 George
navigate to the Robinson Hall .
go to The Ivy Room while always avoiding the College Green .
navigate to the Van Wickle Gates .
go through Rockefeller Library to the Class of 1887 Gate .
avoid Maddock Alumni  until going to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
avoid the Starbucks and go to the Lincoln Field Building .
go to the P-131317 , then go to the Metcalf Research Building .
always go from the Brown University Sciences Library to the Marston Hall .
go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall after going to Hegeman .
go to the Hughes Court through the Mencoff Hall
avoid the second and Hegeman and go to the Slavery Memorial .
avoid Prince Engineering Lab and go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go through the P-131317 to Shirley Miller House .
avoid Saint Stephens Church and go to the Urban Environmental Lab .
navigate to the Hope College .
go to the Wilbour Hall .
always pass Slavery Memorial to get to level 1 .
avoid Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop until reaching the Carrie Tower .
go to the Maxcy Green via the Maddock Alumni  .
first move to Soldiers Memorial Gate then navigate to the Robinson Gate .
go through the Lyman Hall to Mencoff Hall .
navigate to the Rhode Island Hall avoiding Shirley Miller House .
go to Arnold Laboratory before going to the War Memorial
go to Starbucks through Caswell Hall .
while avoiding the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ , navigate to Shirley Miller House .
go to the Lippit House first
avoid Soldiers Memorial Gate and go to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Campus Market
always pass Idee di pietra to get to level 1 .
go to the Finlandia by first going through Mencoff Hall .
avoid Robinson Gate until you go to Brown Bear .
go to the Hughes Court by avoiding Caswell Hall and then stay in the Hughes Court or continue to Caswell Hall
go to Simmons Quadrangle through Rhode Island Hall
avoid J.W. Wilson and go to Hegeman .
move to the 86 Waterman  without leaving the Van Wickle Gates .
go to Lot 76 through Shirley Miller House .
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color without going through the Rockefeller Library . if you reached the Brown Center for Students of Color then you can go to the Rockefeller Library , or be done .
go to the Brown University , then proceed to Marston Hall .
go to the Class of 1872 Gate before you go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to the Saint Stephens Church by avoiding Arnold Laboratory and then stay in the Saint Stephens Church or continue to Arnold Laboratory
avoid P-131317 and go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
always avoid Manning and go through the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to Rhode Island Hall by going through Faunce House
go to Mencoff Hall and then to Salomon Center for Teaching
from the Wayland , go to 67 George directly .
go from the Campus Market to P-131317 .
go to the Saint Stephens Church through the Finlandia .
move toward the Urban Environmental Lab .
avoid Urban Environmental Lab and go to Carrie Tower .
navigate directly to Lot 18 .
go to Lot 76 but do not enter the Soldiers Memorial Gate first .
always avoid going to Sayles Hall through the Wriston Quad
navigate to the Soldiers Memorial Gate always avoiding the Brown Center for Students of Color .
avoid Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop until you go to Sharpe Refectory .
avoid the Lot 17 until going to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
always avoid the Brown Bear and go to the Hughes Court .
while avoiding the Circle Dance Sculpture , navigate to Barus Building .
go to the Wriston Quad always avoiding the 86 Waterman  .
go to Citizen's Bank and avoid 2nd and Sharpe Refectory
always avoid Arnold Laboratory and go to the Kassar House .
go to the Faunce House while avoiding Wayland .
always avoid the Metcalf Research Building , go to Lincoln Field Building .
go to College Green .
go to the Quiet Green before going to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology
from the List Art Building , navigate to the Lot 76 .
head to the Norwood House but first go to the Lincoln Field Building .
go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate and then go to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Shirley Miller House before going to the Minden Hall
go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate and avoid the Urban Environmental Lab .
move to the Soldiers Memorial Gate by going through the Casey Shearer Memorial
avoid the Watson Center for Information Technology and go to the 67 George . if you reached the 67 George then you may go to the Watson Center for Information Technology , or just stay on the 67 George .
avoid Gardner House until going to Van Wickle Gates .
go from the Mencoff Hall to the Swearer Center for Public Service
always avoid going to Citizen's Bank through the John Hay Library
avoid the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology and go to Brown University
head to Campus Market after going to the Brown University .
go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ through the Marston Hall .
go to Hope College through the Lot 17 .
avoid the Wriston Quad while going to the Barus Building .
go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall through the Shirley Miller House .
navigate to the Prince Engineering Lab while avoiding Class of 1887 Gate .
go to or through the 67 George always avoid going through the Caswell Hall
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology , then go to Walter Hall .
avoid Prince Engineering Lab until going to Wriston Quad .
go to Casey Shearer Memorial whilst avoiding the John Hay Library .
from the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority , go to J.W. Wilson directly .
go to Littlefield Hall via the Brown University Sciences Library .
go to the Norwood House but avoid Caswell Hall .
avoid Finlandia and go to the Friedman Hall .
go to the Manning .
avoid the The Ivy Room and go to the Van Wickle Gates .
avoid Saint Stephens Church and go to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
avoid the Norwood House until going to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
avoid Sears while going to the Caswell Hall .
go to the Citizen's Bank but avoid the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to the Sayles Hall .
go to Lincoln Field Building through Wayland
go through the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority to Wriston Quad .
go to the Sears .
go to the Robinson Gate through Shirley Miller House .
navigate to the University Hall , always avoiding the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to the Caswell Hall through Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to the Medical Research Lab .
go through the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ to Littlefield Hall .
move to Mencoff Hall .
avoid the Van Wickle Gates until after going to the Hegeman .
avoid Sayles Hall until going to the Carrie Tower .
go to the P-131317 by avoiding Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology if you reached the P-131317 , then you can proceed to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
always go through the John Carter Brown Library before going to Gardner House .
go through the Mencoff Hall to Carrie Tower .
go to Brown Center for Students of Color through Horace Mann House
go to the Idee di pietra .
go to the College Green through the Finlandia .
go to the Sears and avoid the Brown Center for Students of Color .
move to the Lot 17 without entering the Marston Hall .
go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology through John Nicholas Brown Gate
go from the Littlefield Hall to Metcalf Research Building .
always avoid going through Starbucks
always avoid Robinson Hall and go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to the John Carter Brown Library but avoid John Hay Library .
avoid the Arnold Laboratory until you navigate to the Wriston Quad .
go to University Hall .
go up to the Carrie Tower without going to Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Brown University Sciences Library through Mencoff Hall
go through Sharpe Refectory to Citizen's Bank .
go to 67 George by first visiting the John Hay Library .
go to the Starbucks then move to the Shirley Miller House .
go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences without going in the Gardner House
avoid the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology and the Soldiers Memorial Gate and go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
always avoid the Robinson Gate , go to the Maxcy Green .
move to the Urban Environmental Lab by going through the Hughes Court
go to the Rockefeller Library through the Lippit House .
avoid John Carter Brown Library until going to the Starbucks .
go to the Slater Hall before going to Maxcy Hall
move toward the Lippit House .
avoid the Lot 17 until going to the Maxcy Hall .
advance to Wilbour Hall but always avoid the Lyman Hall .
avoid the Citizen's Bank until going to Kassar House .
always pass Finlandia before Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to the Brown Bear and then to Walter Hall .
go to the Finlandia through the Kassar House .
go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop and then go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to The Ivy Room through Class of 1872 Gate
go to the Minden Hall through the Norwood House .
avoid the Medical Research Lab until you go to the Blue Room .
go to Wilbour Hall but always stay away from Faunce House .
go through Robinson Hall to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to the Urban Environmental Lab while always avoiding Lot 17
go to the Norwood House always avoiding the Idee di pietra .
go to the Medical Research Lab while always avoiding the Slater Hall
go to Maxcy Green and avoid the Rhode Island Hall .
proceed to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority without going through the Caswell Hall .
go to Circle Dance Sculpture before going to University Hall .
always avoid going through the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity to the Hegeman
go to the Mencoff Hall while avoiding Walter Hall
go to Circle Dance Sculpture
go through the Marcus Aurelius to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to the Campus Market .
go to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to Wriston Quad but do not first go through the Van Wickle Gates .
navigate to Sharpe Refectory through the University Hall .
go to William Goddard Memorial Gate first , without passing through the 86 Waterman 
go to the Brown Bear but avoid Saint Stephens Church if you reached to the Brown Bear then you can head to Saint Stephens Church or stay put .
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority through the Class of 1872 Gate .
go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology , then go to the Urban Environmental Lab .
go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology through the Metcalf Research Building
go to the Metcalf Research Building through the Maxcy Hall
always pass Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop to get to level 1 .
move to the Caswell Hall while avoiding the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to the Marcus Aurelius while always avoiding Urban Environmental Lab
go to Metcalf Research Building through the Barus Building .
avoid the Carrie Tower until you go to Lippit House .
visit the Idee di pietra and then proceed to the John Hay Library .
move to Lippit House but avoid Idee di pietra .
go to the Lincoln Field Building and then to Class of 1872 Gate .
always avoid going through Caswell Hall
go to the Friedman Hall through John Hay Library
go to John Hay Library but do not first pass through Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
visit the Friedman Hall and then proceed to the Lippit House .
avoid the Urban Environmental Lab until going to Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to J.W. Wilson , but do not go to Norwood House .
go to Slater Hall and always avoid the Blue Room
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall while avoiding Robinson Gate
go to BERT and then go to the Horace Mann House .
go to the Horace Mann House .
go to the Quiet Green , then go to the Blue Room
go to List Art Building through Robinson Gate .
go directly to Littlefield Hall .
go to the Faunce House through Salomon Center for Teaching .
go through the List Art Building first , then go to the J.W. Wilson .
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching through Simmons Quadrangle .
got to Carrie Tower through the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
always avoid John Nicholas Brown Gate and navigate to Idee di pietra .
go to Lyman Hall and then go to the Brown Bear .
go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
remain on the Idee di pietra and navigate to the Hegeman .
go to Medical Research Lab through the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go through the Metcalf Research Building to Norwood House .
go through the John Carter Brown Library then to the Van Wickle Gates .
always go to Wriston Quad before Brown University .
go to John Carter Brown Library before going to Maxcy Hall
go to the College Green by going through Class of 1887 Gate .
go to the Arnold Laboratory through Lincoln Field Building
go to the P-131317 by avoiding Salomon Center for Teaching if you reached the P-131317 , then you can proceed to Salomon Center for Teaching .
always avoid Soldiers Memorial Gate and go to the Gardner House .
avoid Minden Hall and go to Rhode Island Hall if you reached Rhode Island Hall then you can go to Minden Hall .
go to the Simmons Quadrangle .
navigate to the Starbucks , avoiding Simmons Quadrangle .
first go to to Faunce House then go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to Brown University Sciences Library through Saint Stephens Church
navigate to the Arnold Laboratory before going to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to the 67 George through the Marcus Aurelius .
navigate to Gardner House .
go through Norwood House and then to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
avoid the Lot 17 until you navigate to Van Wickle Gates .
visit the Blue Room and then move to the Caswell Hall .
go to the Metcalf Research Building
go to Hegeman then go to Hegeman .
go to the John Hay Library through BERT
go to Rhode Island Hall while avoiding the first and Robinson Hall .
avoid the first and Robinson Hall and go to Starbucks .
go to the Wayland .
go to the Barus Building before going to John Carter Brown Library .
always avoid Campus Market and go to the Sears .
go to University Hall by first visiting the Faunce House .
go from the Soldiers Memorial Gate to the Van Wickle Gates
go to Barus Building and avoid the Minden Hall .
go to 67 George via the 86 Waterman  .
go to BERT , but do not go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to Marston Hall via the Hughes Court .
go to the Sears through the Friedman Hall .
go to Wilbour Hall while staying on the Hughes Court .
go to Hope College before going to Hegeman .
go to Brown University Sciences Library through the Prince Engineering Lab .
always avoid Medical Research Lab and navigate to Sharpe Refectory .
always avoid the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority and travel to Citizen's Bank .
avoid Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences and go to Hughes Court if you reached Hughes Court then you can go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop but always avoid Lyman Hall .
go to Slavery Memorial . then go directly to Circle Dance Sculpture
go to Manning
go to the J.W. Wilson from the Maddock Alumni 
from the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall , navigate to the Shirley Miller House .
go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop and avoid the Wilbour Hall .
go to University Hall and then to Brown University Sciences Library
always go from the Class of 1872 Gate to the College Green .
stay on the Simmons Quadrangle to get to Marcus Aurelius .
get to Campus Market , while avoiding The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ
avoid the List Art Building until Campus Market .
avoid Shirley Miller House and move into the Manning .
first go to to Walter Hall then go to the Brown University Sciences Library .
avoid the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority on the way to Slavery Memorial .
go through Van Wickle Gates to Lincoln Field Building .
go through the Shirley Miller House to the Campus Market .
go to Barus Building .
avoid the Class of 1872 Gate until reaching Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Brown Bear through the Finlandia
go to or through Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity always avoid going to Van Wickle Gates through Van Wickle Gates
avoid Salomon Center for Teaching until after you go to Maxcy Hall .
go through the Rockefeller Library and navigate to the Horace Mann House .
go to The Ivy Room
avoid the Saint Stephens Church until going to University Hall .
avoid Caswell Hall and go to University Hall .
go through the Blue Room then to the Campus Market .
go to the Lyman Hall .
go from the Minden Hall to Friedman Hall
move to the List Art Building .
go to Maddock Alumni  and always avoid the Lippit House
proceed to University Hall but avoid Wayland on the way . if you have reached University Hall then you can proceed to Wayland .
go to the University Hall by touching the Lippit House .
go to the War Memorial . if you reached the War Memorial then you may go to the Arnold Laboratory .
go to the University Hall while avoiding the Idee di pietra
go to Hughes Court while avoiding BERT
go to the College Green from the Lot 18
avoid the Starbucks until going to the Brown University .
always avoid going to Untitled Lamp/Bear through the Sayles Hall
go from Casey Shearer Memorial to Quiet Green .
go through Idee di pietra to the The Ivy Room .
go to Citizen's Bank before going to the Barus Building .
avoid Brown Bear and go to the Class of 1887 Gate .
always avoid Finlandia and go to Watson Center for Information Technology .
avoid the 86 Waterman  until you enter the Wayland .
always avoid the Rockefeller Library and go to the Kassar House .
head to Maddock Alumni  after going to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to or through the Slavery Memorial , but avoid going to the Slavery Memorial through the Prince Engineering Lab
go through the Blue Room to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
first navigate to Brown Bear , then go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
always navigate to Lippit House and then proceed to Class of 1887 Gate .
go to the 86 Waterman  and then go to the P-131317 .
go through the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall to the Maxcy Green .
avoid Maddock Alumni  while going to the Saint Stephens Church .
always avoid Lyman Hall and go to The Ivy Room .
proceed to John Hay Library but avoid Brown University on the way . if you have reached John Hay Library then you can proceed to Brown University .
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ by first going through the University Hall .
avoid the Maddock Alumni  until going through Hope College .
go to Faunce House without going to Prospect House
go to the 67 George through the Manning
go to the 67 George avoiding List Art Building .
avoid the Lippit House until you go to Swearer Center for Public Service .
avoid Blue Room , and go to College Green .
go to Marston Hall
avoid Sharpe Refectory and go to the 86 Waterman  .
avoid the List Art Building until going to Minden Hall .
go to the Lot 18 while always avoiding the Wilbour Hall .
stay away from the Norwood House and go to Brown Bear .
go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall
go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate , then up to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
without stepping in the Prince Engineering Lab , go to Metcalf Research Building .
always avoid the J.W. Wilson to navigate to Prospect House .
go through the Hughes Court to the Lippit House .
go to War Memorial through the Mencoff Hall
always avoid 67 George and navigate to Barus Building .
always go through the Minden Hall before going to Sharpe Refectory .
stay on the John Carter Brown Library and go to the Wayland .
go to Wriston Quad without going into the Salomon Center for Teaching
always avoid Littlefield Hall and go to Wayland
go to John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go through Lippit House to the Lot 17 .
go to the Friedman Hall while avoiding War Memorial
go to Metcalf Research Building , then up to Gardner House .
avoid the P-131317 until going to Quiet Green .
go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear whilst avoiding the College Green .
go to the Brown University avoiding Arnold Laboratory .
go to the 86 Waterman 
avoid Maddock Alumni  and go to War Memorial .
go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall through the Maddock Alumni  .
navigate to the Idee di pietra through the Medical Research Lab .
go through the Robinson Gate to Arnold Laboratory .
go to the Kassar House through the Prospect House
go to the Marcus Aurelius through Medical Research Lab .
go to the Finlandia
always avoid going to Littlefield Hall through the College Green
go to or through the Sears , but avoid going to the Sears through the 67 George
avoid Caswell Hall and go to the Arnold Laboratory .
go to Shirley Miller House .
go to Brown Center for Students of Color , but never through it
go to the Minden Hall but avoid Lot 76 .
go to Faunce House always avoiding the Hegeman .
first go to to Blue Room then go to the Prince Engineering Lab .
navigate to the Rockefeller Library .
avoid Wilbour Hall and go to the 86 Waterman  .
first go to Salomon Center for Teaching , then go to the Urban Environmental Lab .
do not navigate away from the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop and go to the Wriston Quad .
go to the Caswell Hall , then go to John Nicholas Brown Gate .
from the Sharpe Refectory , navigate to the Finlandia .
go to the Hope College while always avoiding the Casey Shearer Memorial .
head to the Hughes Court and then head to the Walter Hall .
go to The Ivy Room after navigating to the Lippit House .
always avoid Brown Center for Students of Color and navigate to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to Robinson Hall via the Marcus Aurelius .
navigate to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate before going to Sears
go through the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall to the Slater Hall .
go through the Robinson Gate to the Norwood House .
go to Circle Dance Sculpture through Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to Prospect House and then go to the Metcalf Research Building .
go to a spot in the Lot 17 , but do n't touch Carrie Tower .
go to the Saint Stephens Church before going to Norwood House .
navigate to the Walter Hall avoiding Rhode Island Hall .
go to Brown Center for Students of Color through the Kassar House .
go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop through Norwood House
go through List Art Building before going to the Wriston Quad .
from the 67 George , navigate to Manning .
avoid the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences
go to the J.W. Wilson without going through the Lincoln Field Building .
go through the Blue Room to Lot 76 .
go to the Brown University .
navigate directly to Untitled Lamp/Bear .
avoid the first and Citizen's Bank and go to Quiet Green .
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology before going to Gardner House .
go to the College Green .
go to Quiet Green before going in the Wilbour Hall .
go to the Circle Dance Sculpture
avoid the Sayles Hall on your way to Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to Brown Center for Students of Color
go to Hegeman via the Salomon Center for Teaching .
navigate through Idee di pietra and go to the Caswell Hall .
travel to Walter Hall .
go to Slater Hall
go through Class of 1887 Gate to the Slater Hall .
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to Sayles Hall by first visiting the Brown University Sciences Library .
move to anywhere on the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall , then move to anywhere on the Saint Stephens Church .
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop by first going to the Faunce House .
go to the Circle Dance Sculpture avoiding Slavery Memorial .
proceed to the John Hay Library but do n't leave the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to the Norwood House before going to Finlandia .
avoid the Untitled Lamp/Bear until going to Lot 17 .
navigate to the Littlefield Hall .
go to P-131317 .
avoid Carrie Tower until going to Brown Bear .
avoid Brown Bear and go to the Littlefield Hall .
go to Prospect House
pass through Robinson Hall on your way to the 86 Waterman  .
go to or through the Blue Room , but avoid going to the Blue Room through the Carrie Tower
avoid Manning and go to BERT .
move to the Idee di pietra , travelling through John Hay Library .
navigate to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to Walter Hall through the Brown Bear
go through Shirley Miller House before going to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to the Urban Environmental Lab avoiding the 86 Waterman  . if you get to Urban Environmental Lab you can then proceed to the 86 Waterman 
go from the Marston Hall to the Maxcy Hall
stay on the Watson Center for Information Technology and move to Hegeman .
move to the P-131317 and then head to College Green .
go to the Swearer Center for Public Service without going through the Gardner House . if you reached the Swearer Center for Public Service then you can go to the Gardner House , or be done .
avoid the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate until you navigate to Hughes Court .
avoid The Ivy Room and go to the University Hall .
go from Barus Building to Lot 17 .
go to or through the Saint Stephens Church always avoid going through the Wriston Quad
go to Lot 76 .
navigate from the Caswell Hall to the 86 Waterman  .
navigate to the Lincoln Field Building but never go to the Barus Building .
go to Campus Market through Brown Bear
move toward the Barus Building .
go through the Untitled Lamp/Bear first , then go to the Idee di pietra .
navigate to the Rhode Island Hall while avoiding the Kassar House .
go to Kassar House before going to the Starbucks .
go through the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ first , then go to the Mencoff Hall .
go to the Brown Bear through 67 George
navigate to the Prospect House before you go to College Green .
go to the Quiet Green
go through Littlefield Hall to the Slavery Memorial .
always avoid going through Hughes Court
move to the Hope College then continue to the Starbucks .
avoid Brown Bear and go to the Sears .
go to Robinson Hall and avoid the Brown Bear .
move to the Saint Stephens Church and then head to Wayland .
visit the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop and then move to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
always pass Marcus Aurelius before Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to the Slater Hall through The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to P-131317 through Brown University Sciences Library .
avoid the Brown University Sciences Library and go to the Wilbour Hall .
always avoid Salomon Center for Teaching and go to Marcus Aurelius .
navigate to the Robinson Gate staying on the Littlefield Hall .
go through the Rockefeller Library before navigating to Circle Dance Sculpture .
navigate to the Hope College .
go to the Saint Stephens Church first
go through the University Hall and navigate to the Walter Hall .
avoid the Sharpe Refectory and go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
avoid Sayles Hall until going to the Class of 1887 Gate .
head to the Idee di pietra .
go to Marcus Aurelius but avoid Lincoln Field Building .
go to Wriston Quad before going to the Hegeman .
go to the College Green but do not go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
from the Horace Mann House , navigate to The Ivy Room .
go from University Hall to Maddock Alumni  .
avoid the Urban Environmental Lab until going to the Sharpe Refectory .
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall avoiding Shirley Miller House .
go up to the Idee di pietra without going to Sears .
go to J.W. Wilson by going through Lyman Hall
go to Brown Center for Students of Color before going in the Urban Environmental Lab
go to Brown Center for Students of Color through the Citizen's Bank .
always avoid Brown University and go through the Lyman Hall .
go to the Sears while always avoiding the Robinson Gate
go to the BERT .
navigate to Barus Building through the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to Hegeman after navigating to the Simmons Quadrangle .
go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences
navigate to the Soldiers Memorial Gate through the Norwood House .
stay on the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall and navigate to P-131317 .
avoid Slater Hall and go to Brown Bear .
avoid the Wriston Quad until navigating to the Rockefeller Library .
go through the John Carter Brown Library to get to Lippit House
navigate to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
navigate to the Lippit House .
avoid the BERT until you go to the Starbucks .
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color
head to the Van Wickle Gates without going through the John Nicholas Brown Gate
from the Hegeman , navigate to Blue Room .
stay on the Gardner House and go to Caswell Hall .
go from the Brown Bear to Citizen's Bank
always avoid Urban Environmental Lab and go to the Carrie Tower .
go to the Sharpe Refectory .
go to BERT while staying on the Manning .
always avoid the Faunce House and go to Caswell Hall .
avoid Watson Center for Information Technology until reaching the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to the Rhode Island Hall through the Littlefield Hall .
go to the Saint Stephens Church without going to the Urban Environmental Lab .
proceed to the Sears .
avoid College Green until you go to Citizen's Bank .
go to the Brown University Sciences Library by first going through the John Carter Brown Library .
navigate to Swearer Center for Public Service through the Walter Hall .
avoid GeoChem and Macmillian Hall and go to University Hall .
go to the Lot 18 and then go to Citizen's Bank .
go through the Maxcy Green to Metcalf Research Building .
go to Sears through the Class of 1872 Gate
navigate to the Slavery Memorial before going to Shirley Miller House .
avoid Watson Center for Information Technology until going to the Hegeman .
go to the Arnold Laboratory without going to the Carrie Tower .
go to the University Hall
go to or through the Barus Building , but avoid going to the Barus Building through the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology
go to John Hay Library before going to Wilbour Hall .
go to Quiet Green without first passing through Campus Market .
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority but never go to the Barus Building .
go to the Brown University through the Van Wickle Gates
avoid the Van Wickle Gates and go to Robinson Gate .
move to the Prince Engineering Lab , travelling through 86 Waterman  .
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching by avoiding Kassar House if you reached the Salomon Center for Teaching , then you can proceed to Kassar House .
always go to Lincoln Field Building before Slavery Memorial .
go to the Saint Stephens Church and then head to Wriston Quad .
go to the J.W. Wilson first
avoid Brown University Sciences Library and go to the 67 George .
go to Campus Market but always avoid Brown University .
go through the Wayland to the Carrie Tower .
go to the Lyman Hall
go to the John Hay Library through Marcus Aurelius .
always avoid Van Wickle Gates and navigate to the War Memorial .
go to the Lot 76 and if you have reached the Lot 76 you may proceed to the Finlandia or stay in the Lot 76 .
stay on the Wriston Quad while navigating to Wilbour Hall .
go to the War Memorial through the The Ivy Room
go to Sears and avoid the Maxcy Hall .
go to Brown Bear .
avoid the Caswell Hall until going to Slavery Memorial .
go to Shirley Miller House .
always avoid University Hall , and navigate to Mencoff Hall .
go to the Quiet Green then the War Memorial .
go through the Norwood House to the Rockefeller Library .
go to the Lot 76 through the War Memorial
go to Manning , avoid the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology until you have been to the Manning
go to Brown Bear , then up to Marston Hall .
always pass Class of 1887 Gate to get to level 1 .
always avoid Brown Bear , and navigate to Simmons Quadrangle .
go to the P-131317
go to Manning .
navigate to the Faunce House always avoiding the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to the Urban Environmental Lab .
navigate to the Mencoff Hall but do n't ever go to Circle Dance Sculpture .
avoid the Friedman Hall as you go to the Arnold Laboratory .
go to Lyman Hall
go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology then go to 67 George .
go to Barus Building .
first navigate to Metcalf Research Building , then go to Van Wickle Gates .
move to the Idee di pietra , travelling through the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences through the Shirley Miller House .
go to Lincoln Field Building through the Brown Center for Students of Color .
always avoid Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences and navigate to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
proceed to Shirley Miller House without going through the Swearer Center for Public Service .
navigate to the Rockefeller Library through the Robinson Hall .
avoid GeoChem and Macmillian Hall until you have passed through Slavery Memorial
go from the John Hay Library to the Caswell Hall
navigate to the College Green before going to Saint Stephens Church .
go to the Finlandia while avoiding Kassar House
go to the Lippit House through Class of 1872 Gate
avoid the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ and go to Class of 1872 Gate if you reached the Class of 1872 Gate , you can now go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ or stay on Class of 1872 Gate .
navigate to the Maxcy Hall while avoiding Prince Engineering Lab .
do not navigate away from the Friedman Hall and go to the Wriston Quad .
move to the 86 Waterman  without leaving the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to the Class of 1887 Gate and then go to the Metcalf Research Building .
avoid the Saint Stephens Church until you reach Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to the Slater Hall
go to the Robinson Gate through William Goddard Memorial Gate .
avoid Class of 1887 Gate while going to the Lot 18 .
go to Wriston Quad , then go to Carrie Tower .
avoid the Lot 76 on your way to P-131317 .
always avoid going to Lot 18 through the Marcus Aurelius
go to the Brown Bear . if you reached the Brown Bear then you may go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go from the John Hay Library to Norwood House
navigate to Marston Hall then continue to the 67 George .
move to William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go through the Rhode Island Hall to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
navigate to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity while avoiding Kassar House .
go to Lippit House through the Lot 17 .
go to List Art Building and avoid the Littlefield Hall .
go to John Carter Brown Library
avoid Urban Environmental Lab until you go to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
always avoid going to Barus Building through the Hope College
navigate to the Blue Room .
stay away from the The Ivy Room and go to Mencoff Hall .
go to the Lincoln Field Building through the List Art Building .
pass through the John Carter Brown Library before going to the 86 Waterman  .
move to the Brown University Sciences Library , travelling through Brown Bear .
go up to the Circle Dance Sculpture without going to Maxcy Hall .
avoid the Carrie Tower until going to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to Slater Hall and then to Wilbour Hall
go through the Saint Stephens Church to Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to the Medical Research Lab through the Faunce House .
avoid the Gardner House until going to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
do not go into the Hope College until going to Saint Stephens Church
go to the College Green before going to the Caswell Hall
go to the Wriston Quad .
go to the Brown University but avoid Gardner House if you reached to the Brown University then you can head to Gardner House or stay put .
visit the Manning then go to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
go through Wriston Quad and navigate to the Brown Bear .
go to Saint Stephens Church through Simmons Quadrangle
go to or through the John Carter Brown Library always avoid going through the Citizen's Bank
go to the Kassar House while always avoiding the Maxcy Hall
go through the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology to 86 Waterman  .
proceed to the Kassar House .
go through the Brown Bear to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to Lyman Hall without entering the John Carter Brown Library .
head to Hegeman after going to the Wriston Quad .
go to the Gardner House and then head to List Art Building .
avoid Arnold Laboratory until you go to the Brown University Sciences Library .
go to Sayles Hall
move to the Prospect House .
go to the Swearer Center for Public Service but do not go through the Finlandia first .
go through Wayland before going to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to Brown Bear and proceed to Maxcy Green .
go to the Swearer Center for Public Service , and then go to the Sayles Hall .
avoid Simmons Quadrangle until going to Robinson Hall .
go to the John Carter Brown Library through the Lippit House
go to Barus Building but do not enter the Slater Hall first .
move to the List Art Building and then move to BERT .
go to the Manning .
move to Brown Center for Students of Color after moving to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
navigate to the Van Wickle Gates before going to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate after you go to the Horace Mann House .
go to or through Friedman Hall avoiding going through John Hay Library
always avoid Wilbour Hall and navigate to the Mencoff Hall .
go to the Slavery Memorial through the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to the Maddock Alumni  , then go to the Maxcy Green .
always avoid Barus Building and go to the Wayland .
go to Citizen's Bank then go to Citizen's Bank .
go from the Marcus Aurelius to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology
go to the Friedman Hall through the Wayland
avoid Saint Stephens Church while going to the Friedman Hall .
go to Mencoff Hall , then go to 86 Waterman  .
go to Maxcy Hall .
go to Prince Engineering Lab then Maxcy Hall .
go to Finlandia and then to Carrie Tower .
avoid Saint Stephens Church until you go to the Manning .
navigate to the John Nicholas Brown Gate staying on the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
avoid the Urban Environmental Lab until you go to the P-131317 .
go through Arnold Laboratory to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
avoid the Hughes Court while going to the Maddock Alumni  .
navigate to Saint Stephens Church through the Class of 1887 Gate .
navigate to the University Hall , always avoiding the Robinson Hall .
visit the Van Wickle Gates then go to the P-131317 .
go to 86 Waterman  .
avoid Brown University Sciences Library until going to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go through the Arnold Laboratory before going to the Metcalf Research Building .
go to Caswell Hall without entering the Gardner House .
travel to Slavery Memorial .
go to the Brown University Sciences Library avoiding Van Wickle Gates .
go to Sharpe Refectory
avoid the Manning on the way to Sears .
travel to the William Goddard Memorial Gate and then go to Norwood House .
avoid the P-131317 until going to Metcalf Research Building .
go through the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity to Salomon Center for Teaching .
avoid the Sharpe Refectory until going to the Van Wickle Gates .
avoid the Brown University until you enter the Hope College .
go through Brown University Sciences Library before going to the Brown University .
go to the Starbucks
from the Idee di pietra , navigate to the Urban Environmental Lab .
go through the Robinson Hall to Lincoln Field Building .
go from the Kassar House to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences
go to the 67 George while staying on the Mencoff Hall .
go to the Minden Hall without going to the College Green .
move to the Kassar House then continue to the 86 Waterman  .
always avoid the Gardner House , go to Robinson Hall .
avoid William Goddard Memorial Gate until navigating to the Saint Stephens Church .
avoid the Salomon Center for Teaching until going to Brown Bear .
avoid John Nicholas Brown Gate and go to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to the Sears through the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to Littlefield Hall without entering the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
stay on the Brown Center for Students of Color and go to Robinson Hall .
avoid the Metcalf Research Building and go to Shirley Miller House
avoid John Nicholas Brown Gate while navigating to Mencoff Hall .
avoid the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop and go to the Caswell Hall . if you reached the Caswell Hall then you may go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop , or just stay on the Caswell Hall .
go through the Norwood House before going to Gardner House
go through the Maxcy Green to the P-131317 .
go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate whilst avoiding the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
move to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go directly to Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology through the BERT .
avoid the Marston Hall until you go to the Faunce House .
avoid Finlandia until you go to Class of 1887 Gate .
go to the J.W. Wilson after going to the Barus Building .
navigate to Walter Hall .
always avoid the Maxcy Hall and navigate to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go from the Robinson Hall to William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to Maxcy Hall but do not first go through the Manning .
go to the Blue Room avoiding the Blue Room . if you reached the Robinson Gate you can stay there , or head to the Blue Room .
move to War Memorial , but travel to the Starbucks first .
go through the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate before going to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ
go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop and then go to the Campus Market .
do not navigate away from the Brown University Sciences Library and go to the Hughes Court .
avoid William Goddard Memorial Gate until you go to the Starbucks .
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall from the Lippit House
avoid the Salomon Center for Teaching until going to the Robinson Gate .
head to the Class of 1872 Gate .
avoid the Van Wickle Gates until going to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to the Blue Room while avoiding GeoChem and Macmillian Hall and the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall
go from the Finlandia to the Shirley Miller House
avoid the Simmons Quadrangle until you go to Gardner House .
go through Saint Stephens Church to the Campus Market .
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority and then go to the Maxcy Green .
go to the John Hay Library .
go through Kassar House to the John Hay Library .
always go through the Sears and then to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
navigate to Marston Hall .
go to the Class of 1887 Gate through the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to the Lot 17 through the John Hay Library
move to the War Memorial .
navigate to the Brown University .
go through the Walter Hall to the Lippit House .
go to the Lot 17 , and then go to the Class of 1887 Gate .
go through Caswell Hall to the John Carter Brown Library .
avoid the The Ivy Room and go to the Urban Environmental Lab .
go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority by going through Idee di pietra
avoid Alpha Chi Omega Sorority and go to the Hope College .
avoid War Memorial until going to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
visit the Minden Hall then go to the University Hall .
do not navigate away from the Salomon Center for Teaching and go to the Lyman Hall .
avoid Brown Center for Students of Color and go to Friedman Hall .
go to the John Hay Library
go to the Minden Hall avoiding Rhode Island Hall if you reached the Minden Hall then you may go to Rhode Island Hall .
go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity before going in the J.W. Wilson
go to Quiet Green through the Campus Market
go to the Wriston Quad through the Class of 1872 Gate
avoid the Campus Market until you go to the Wayland .
always avoid Slater Hall and go to the Robinson Hall .
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop but avoid Slater Hall .
avoid the Lyman Hall and go to Sears .
go to the Van Wickle Gates through the Hope College .
go to the Norwood House through Marston Hall
avoid the Metcalf Research Building and go to Hope College .
avoid Caswell Hall and go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go through Littlefield Hall and navigate to the John Hay Library .
go through Salomon Center for Teaching to Faunce House .
do not go into the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ until going to Maxcy Hall
avoid the Minden Hall until you go to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
avoid the Norwood House until after you 've gone to the 86 Waterman  .
always avoid the Wilbour Hall and go to Wriston Quad .
go up to Friedman Hall .
go to Marcus Aurelius via the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
head to the Hegeman without going through the Littlefield Hall
avoid Sharpe Refectory until going to the University Hall .
go through Walter Hall before going to the Rhode Island Hall .
move to the John Hay Library and then move to Norwood House .
avoid Faunce House until going to William Goddard Memorial Gate .
avoid the War Memorial until going to the Campus Market .
go to the Lot 17 while avoiding Watson Center for Information Technology
from the P-131317 , navigate to the Lot 17 .
avoid Prince Engineering Lab until you go to the Maxcy Green .
do n't go into the Prince Engineering Lab until going to John Hay Library
go to Brown Center for Students of Color through the Class of 1872 Gate .
avoid the Watson Center for Information Technology until going to the Kassar House .
go from the Arnold Laboratory to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
first navigate to Lippit House , then go to John Carter Brown Library .
go to the Medical Research Lab through J.W. Wilson .
always avoid 67 George and go to Littlefield Hall .
go to Brown Bear first , without passing through the Brown Center for Students of Color
go to Marcus Aurelius , before going to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
move to the Untitled Lamp/Bear by going through the Casey Shearer Memorial
navigate to the Maddock Alumni  , always avoiding the College Green .
go to the Idee di pietra .
navigate to the Lot 18 .
always avoid Salomon Center for Teaching and go to John Hay Library .
go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate through the Simmons Quadrangle .
go from the Urban Environmental Lab to Barus Building
avoid the Carrie Tower while going to the Slater Hall .
go to the Gardner House through the P-131317 .
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching avoiding Lincoln Field Building .
navigate through Brown Center for Students of Color to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to the Shirley Miller House then go to Caswell Hall .
go to the Simmons Quadrangle through the Slavery Memorial
avoid the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity until going to the Prospect House .
go through Circle Dance Sculpture before going to the Hegeman .
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate through the Lot 17
go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate while avoiding Lincoln Field Building .
avoid the Maxcy Hall and go to the Manning .
go to the Marcus Aurelius through Brown University .
travel through the Wayland then go to the Van Wickle Gates .
avoid the Quiet Green and go to Arnold Laboratory .
avoid Simmons Quadrangle until after the War Memorial
go to the War Memorial through Walter Hall
go to College Green passing through the John Hay Library .
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color through Medical Research Lab .
start on the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop , go directly to the Brown University Sciences Library .
avoid Lippit House and go to Sayles Hall .
go to the 86 Waterman  avoiding Salomon Center for Teaching .
avoid The Ivy Room and go to the Brown Bear .
go to the John Hay Library before going to 86 Waterman  .
avoid the first and J.W. Wilson and go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
avoid Circle Dance Sculpture until going to the BERT .
avoid the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority until you go to Medical Research Lab .
avoid the Walter Hall on your way to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
from the 67 George , navigate to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
avoid going through Saint Stephens Church until you go through the Slavery Memorial .
go to Saint Stephens Church by going through List Art Building
go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences through the John Carter Brown Library .
go to the Marcus Aurelius before going to Salomon Center for Teaching .
navigate to the Brown Bear .
go to the Sayles Hall through the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to the Robinson Gate before going to the Prince Engineering Lab
go to 1 Circle Dance Sculpture after Urban Environmental Lab
go to Horace Mann House .
go to Gardner House passing through the Campus Market .
first go to Untitled Lamp/Bear , then go to the Campus Market .
go to Lot 76 through the Marston Hall .
from the Maddock Alumni  , navigate to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go through the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences to the War Memorial .
go to the 67 George , avoiding Sears .
avoid the Friedman Hall until you go to Sharpe Refectory
go to the Wilbour Hall .
always pass BERT to get to level 1 .
navigate to the Carrie Tower by passing through the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ before going to List Art Building .
go from the Maxcy Hall to the Marston Hall .
avoid the Lot 17 until navigating to the Marston Hall .
go to the Littlefield Hall and avoid Saint Stephens Church .
go to the Class of 1872 Gate
avoid the BERT and go to the Simmons Quadrangle .
go to the Saint Stephens Church
go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate , avoiding John Carter Brown Library .
go through John Hay Library before going to the Urban Environmental Lab .
avoid Mencoff Hall and go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
avoid Lot 17 and go to John Hay Library if you 've reached John Hay Library then you can go to Lot 17 .
go from the John Nicholas Brown Gate to the Faunce House
avoid the Kassar House until passing Marcus Aurelius .
go to the Prince Engineering Lab without going to Starbucks .
go to the College Green through the P-131317
go to the Lyman Hall through the Sharpe Refectory .
go through the Casey Shearer Memorial to the Rhode Island Hall .
go to the Caswell Hall through the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to 67 George before going to the Friedman Hall
go through Van Wickle Gates then go to Hughes Court .
go to the Citizen's Bank .
stay on the John Hay Library and go to Brown University .
always avoid going through John Carter Brown Library
go to the Urban Environmental Lab via the Maxcy Green .
avoid the Casey Shearer Memorial until going through Lot 18 .
always avoid going through Manning
go to Wriston Quad through the Hope College .
go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go through the Wayland to the The Ivy Room .
avoid the Shirley Miller House until you go to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to Lincoln Field Building without going to John Hay Library
stay on the Saint Stephens Church and move to Arnold Laboratory .
avoid the Lyman Hall until going to the John Hay Library .
move to Wilbour Hall without entering the Brown University . then you may stay at Wilbour Hall or go to the Brown University .
go to the J.W. Wilson before going to Maxcy Hall
go to the Carrie Tower through the Littlefield Hall .
go to Marston Hall .
go to the Faunce House while avoiding the Shirley Miller House
go to Simmons Quadrangle but do not first go through the Brown Bear .
always avoid going to John Carter Brown Library through the Starbucks
head to the Brown Bear , but make sure to go through the Faunce House first .
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ then move to the Hegeman .
go to Maxcy Green and avoid the Slavery Memorial .
avoid Marston Hall and go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
navigate to the BERT avoiding Saint Stephens Church .
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity through Norwood House .
navigate to the Arnold Laboratory via the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go through the Norwood House to the Hope College .
avoid Slavery Memorial until going to the Brown University Sciences Library .
avoid College Green and go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop if you have reached Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop then you can go to College Green .
avoid the Finlandia and the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity and go to Finlandia .
always avoid Marcus Aurelius and go to the Simmons Quadrangle .
go to the University Hall while avoiding the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity and if you have reached the University Hall then you can go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall through the Littlefield Hall
navigate through Alpha Chi Omega Sorority then go to Salomon Center for Teaching .
move to the Robinson Hall .
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority while avoiding the Lot 76
navigate to Class of 1887 Gate through the Lot 76 .
avoid John Carter Brown Library and go to Brown University .
go to the Casey Shearer Memorial while avoiding the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity
go to the University Hall avoiding the University Hall . if you reached the Quiet Green you can stay there , or head to the University Hall .
got to Manning through the Rhode Island Hall .
go to the 67 George , then go to Gardner House .
avoid the Sears until you go to Littlefield Hall
start on the List Art Building and move directly to Idee di pietra .
navigate directly to Hegeman .
avoid the P-131317 until you go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ
go through the Maxcy Green before going to The Ivy Room
go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology after navigating to the Campus Market .
avoid John Carter Brown Library and go to Class of 1872 Gate if you reached Class of 1872 Gate then you can go to John Carter Brown Library .
go to the BERT but avoid Norwood House if you reached to the BERT then you can head to Norwood House or stay put .
avoid the Brown University Sciences Library and go to Sharpe Refectory if you reached the Sharpe Refectory , you can now go to the Brown University Sciences Library or stay on Sharpe Refectory .
go to the Campus Market , then go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
pass through Robinson Hall before going to the The Ivy Room .
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity without going to the Metcalf Research Building .
go through Caswell Hall and navigate to the Shirley Miller House .
avoid Soldiers Memorial Gate until after reaching Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go through Hegeman before going to the Sayles Hall .
go from Rhode Island Hall to Blue Room .
avoid 86 Waterman  while traveling to Faunce House .
navigate to Caswell Hall through the 86 Waterman  .
go to the Barus Building through the Circle Dance Sculpture
go to the Circle Dance Sculpture whilst avoiding the University Hall .
avoid Salomon Center for Teaching until you go to Brown University .
travel to Maxcy Green .
go to the Slavery Memorial , then navigate to the Norwood House .
always go through the Friedman Hall before going to Untitled Lamp/Bear .
avoid the Simmons Quadrangle until reaching Robinson Gate .
go to the Minden Hall while avoiding the Walter Hall and if you have reached the Minden Hall then you can go to the Walter Hall .
avoid Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity and proceed to Lyman Hall
go to Casey Shearer Memorial and avoid the List Art Building .
go to the Sears after you go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
move to J.W. Wilson and then proceed to the Robinson Gate .
avoid the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ until reaching the University Hall .
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology
go to Robinson Gate then go to Robinson Gate .
go through the Maxcy Hall before going to Urban Environmental Lab
go to the Kassar House via Quiet Green .
go to a spot in the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate , but do n't touch Medical Research Lab .
go to the Caswell Hall through the Campus Market
go to Hegeman but do not enter the Lot 76 first .
navigate to the Prospect House .
go to the Van Wickle Gates but avoid Norwood House .
go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity while avoiding the first and Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to the Faunce House avoiding Alpha Chi Omega Sorority if you reached the Faunce House then you may go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
move to the Class of 1887 Gate and then move to Saint Stephens Church .
avoid the Brown Bear on your way to Minden Hall .
go to Gardner House and avoid the Blue Room .
go to the Friedman Hall but avoid the Barus Building .
go to College Green while avoiding Morgan Witter Rogers Gate
proceed to the Horace Mann House by going through the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
navigate to the Saint Stephens Church .
avoid the Carrie Tower until you go to the Maddock Alumni  .
go to J.W. Wilson and then to Brown Bear
navigate to the 86 Waterman  .
always go through the Maxcy Green before going to University Hall .
go to Manning through the Wilbour Hall
go through the Lot 76 to Prospect House .
navigate to the Brown University before going to the Wilbour Hall .
go to the J.W. Wilson after you go to the Sayles Hall .
go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology before going to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
head to the Watson Center for Information Technology without going through the Robinson Hall
go to the Van Wickle Gates while avoiding the Prince Engineering Lab .
go to Carrie Tower through Sayles Hall
go through Lot 18 and then to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to the Hughes Court while always avoiding the BERT .
stay on the Lyman Hall and go to William Goddard Memorial Gate .
while avoiding the Urban Environmental Lab , navigate to Kassar House .
go through 86 Waterman  to the Arnold Laboratory .
go to Campus Market while avoiding the Hegeman .
avoid the John Nicholas Brown Gate
go to Quiet Green avoiding the Van Wickle Gates . then go to the Van Wickle Gates or stay on Quiet Green .
go to or through the Quiet Green always avoid going to the Quiet Green through the Sayles Hall
go to Robinson Hall
go to the John Hay Library or the Urban Environmental Lab only .
go to the Lincoln Field Building , avoiding Wilbour Hall .
go to the Swearer Center for Public Service through Medical Research Lab
always avoid Kassar House and navigate to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go through the Quiet Green to Lincoln Field Building .
go through the Robinson Gate to Carrie Tower .
go to the Wriston Quad or the College Green only .
go to the Barus Building , then go to Wayland .
go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate , then up to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go through Sears to the Class of 1872 Gate .
head to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to or through the Simmons Quadrangle , but avoid going to the Simmons Quadrangle through the William Goddard Memorial Gate
go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate then move to the Van Wickle Gates .
avoid the first and Friedman Hall and go to BERT .
go to Minden Hall only through the John Carter Brown Library
go to the P-131317 while avoiding GeoChem and Macmillian Hall
go to the Saint Stephens Church
go to Marston Hall
go to the Maddock Alumni  avoiding Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to Gardner House but always avoid Lot 76 .
navigate to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences and avoid Hughes Court .
always avoid Lincoln Field Building and go to the Hegeman .
go to the Sears from the Swearer Center for Public Service
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ by going through Rockefeller Library .
go to the Wilbour Hall
go to the Wayland before going to Blue Room
go from the Caswell Hall to the Brown Bear
always go to Marcus Aurelius before navigating to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go through the Brown University to BERT .
first go to to Mencoff Hall then go to the Idee di pietra .
go to the BERT while staying on the Citizen's Bank .
go to the Lyman Hall and avoid Norwood House .
avoid the Lot 18 on the way to Lippit House .
go to Prospect House before going to the Lot 18 .
navigate to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
avoid Arnold Laboratory until after reaching Wayland .
stay on the The Ivy Room while going to the 86 Waterman  .
navigate to the Brown Bear always avoiding the Casey Shearer Memorial .
move to anywhere on the Walter Hall , then move to anywhere on the Starbucks .
go to the Shirley Miller House while avoiding the Brown Bear and if you have reached the Shirley Miller House then you can go to the Brown Bear .
always avoid the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate and go to the Saint Stephens Church .
stay on the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences and go to the Lot 76 .
first go to the P-131317 and then go to Finlandia .
go to Slater Hall and then to Lot 17
avoid Lot 18 and go to the Faunce House .
go to or through the John Hay Library always avoid going through the Lot 18
go to the Brown Bear through the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to or through the List Art Building always avoid going to the List Art Building through the Wilbour Hall
go to the Wriston Quad avoiding Medical Research Lab if you reached the Wriston Quad then you may go to Medical Research Lab .
go to or through the Marston Hall always avoid going through the Lot 76
navigate to Swearer Center for Public Service then continue to the Lyman Hall .
start on the Robinson Gate , go directly to the Wriston Quad .
head to the Gardner House .
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop while avoiding Slavery Memorial
always go through the War Memorial before going to Hegeman .
go to Slavery Memorial
go to the Lippit House without going to the John Carter Brown Library
go through the 86 Waterman  and navigate to the Horace Mann House .
avoid Untitled Lamp/Bear until you go to Walter Hall .
go to the Starbucks
go to the Van Wickle Gates while avoiding Lot 17
go through the Lot 18 to Citizen's Bank .
go from the Robinson Hall to the Hegeman
go through the Lippit House before going to the BERT .
go to the J.W. Wilson .
navigate to the Lot 17 through the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
always go through the Untitled Lamp/Bear before going to Van Wickle Gates .
go to Marston Hall from the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ only .
avoid Starbucks until going to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go from the Shirley Miller House to the Lot 18
go to Lot 76 .
go through Slater Hall then go to Mencoff Hall .
go to Prince Engineering Lab through the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to the Shirley Miller House without going to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
always avoid Manning and go through the Prince Engineering Lab .
move to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ after moving to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to the Circle Dance Sculpture but do not go to Quiet Green .
navigate to the Medical Research Lab and avoid Class of 1887 Gate .
navigate to the 67 George , always avoiding the Watson Center for Information Technology .
avoid the Maxcy Green until going to the Van Wickle Gates .
avoid the Robinson Hall until you go to the Simmons Quadrangle .
move to the Medical Research Lab while avoiding the Maxcy Green .
go to the Marcus Aurelius , then go to Lippit House .
head to P-131317 after going to the Caswell Hall .
head to the Barus Building avoiding Brown Center for Students of Color .
navigate to Norwood House through the Hughes Court .
go through Littlefield Hall to the Wilbour Hall .
go to the List Art Building
go to the Urban Environmental Lab by first going through the Citizen's Bank .
go through College Green before going to the Campus Market .
go to the Medical Research Lab
go to the Gardner House by first going through Marston Hall .
avoid the William Goddard Memorial Gate until going to the Citizen's Bank .
go to 86 Waterman  through the Norwood House
move to List Art Building without entering the University Hall . then you may stay at List Art Building or go to the University Hall .
navigate to the Casey Shearer Memorial but do n't ever go to Marston Hall .
do not go into the Circle Dance Sculpture until going to Wriston Quad
go to Soldiers Memorial Gate and then to Robinson Hall
avoid Blue Room until navigating to Class of 1872 Gate .
avoid the Lot 76 and go to Arnold Laboratory .
go to the Mencoff Hall through the Starbucks .
go to the Minden Hall , then proceed to Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Urban Environmental Lab avoiding the War Memorial . if you get to Urban Environmental Lab you can then proceed to the War Memorial
go to the Simmons Quadrangle through the Circle Dance Sculpture .
navigate to Kassar House through the Lyman Hall .
avoid the Sears and go to the Idee di pietra .
go to or through the Citizen's Bank . always avoid going to the Citizen's Bank through William Goddard Memorial Gate
stay away from the Minden Hall and go to Wriston Quad .
go to the Metcalf Research Building before you go to Hegeman .
go to the Hughes Court before you go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to the J.W. Wilson through the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity
go to Van Wickle Gates and always avoid the Brown University
stay on the Wayland and navigate to Saint Stephens Church .
go to the Maxcy Green after you go to the Blue Room .
go to the Sharpe Refectory via 86 Waterman  .
go from the Metcalf Research Building to Brown Bear
go to Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to Marston Hall without entering the Lot 17 .
go to the Brown University and then go to the Starbucks .
avoid Lot 17 and move into the 67 George .
avoid the Brown Bear until reaching Hegeman .
go to anywhere on the Kassar House .
go to Carrie Tower then Norwood House .
go through Wayland to the Starbucks .
avoiding the Faunce House , go to Arnold Laboratory .
navigate to Maxcy Green through the Maxcy Hall .
go from the Van Wickle Gates to the Brown Bear
go through the The Ivy Room before going to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to the Prospect House
move to the Swearer Center for Public Service but go through Horace Mann House first .
go to Simmons Quadrangle after going to Brown University .
always avoid Casey Shearer Memorial and go to Metcalf Research Building .
avoid War Memorial and go to the Barus Building .
go to the Circle Dance Sculpture through the Finlandia .
go to the Wriston Quad then go to the 67 George .
avoid the Sears and go to the Prince Engineering Lab .
go to the Lot 18 before going to Marston Hall .
go through Littlefield Hall to the Brown Bear .
go from the Brown University to Saint Stephens Church
avoid Citizen's Bank and go to Maxcy Hall .
go to the Slater Hall
navigate to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to the The Ivy Room , then go to the Faunce House .
go through the Manning to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to the The Ivy Room and then go to John Carter Brown Library .
while avoiding the Brown Center for Students of Color , navigate to Blue Room .
go to Manning .
always pass through the Salomon Center for Teaching to get to Blue Room .
go to Brown University Sciences Library
avoid Class of 1872 Gate and go to 86 Waterman  if you 've reached 86 Waterman  then you can go to Class of 1872 Gate .
go to or through the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop always avoid going to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop through the Robinson Hall
go to Idee di pietra only through the Brown University Sciences Library
avoid the Brown Center for Students of Color until after going to the Brown Bear .
go to Friedman Hall always avoiding the Campus Market .
go to the Finlandia through P-131317 .
go to the Medical Research Lab .
avoid the Lyman Hall until going to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
navigate to the Maddock Alumni  .
go to or through Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology always avoid going to Rhode Island Hall through Rhode Island Hall
go through the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority to get to Finlandia
go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
avoid Rockefeller Library until going to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
head to the Marcus Aurelius , but make sure to go through the Hughes Court first .
avoid Idee di pietra until after you go to Sharpe Refectory .
go to or through the Watson Center for Information Technology always avoid going through the Slater Hall
avoid the second and Marcus Aurelius and go to the Class of 1872 Gate .
go to the P-131317 then move to the Arnold Laboratory .
stay away from the Gardner House and go to Sayles Hall .
head to the Van Wickle Gates avoiding Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate through the Littlefield Hall .
go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall without going in the 67 George
avoid Mencoff Hall while traveling to Prince Engineering Lab .
always avoid Rockefeller Library , and navigate to Mencoff Hall .
pass through Swearer Center for Public Service on your way to the Lippit House .
avoid Prince Engineering Lab and go to Maxcy Green .
navigate to the J.W. Wilson through the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to Circle Dance Sculpture , then head to the Marston Hall .
go to the Class of 1872 Gate through Class of 1887 Gate
go to Swearer Center for Public Service whilst avoiding the Marcus Aurelius .
go to the Campus Market but avoid the List Art Building .
go to the Wilbour Hall and then go directly to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
navigate to the Lincoln Field Building .
avoid Slavery Memorial while navigating to Salomon Center for Teaching .
navigate to the John Nicholas Brown Gate before going to the Wayland .
go to Caswell Hall and then to Simmons Quadrangle .
go to University Hall
go to Class of 1887 Gate but remain on the Idee di pietra .
from the Sears go to J.W. Wilson .
avoid the Citizen's Bank until going to the Saint Stephens Church .
avoid Hughes Court until going to the Hegeman .
always avoid the Hughes Court and travel to Horace Mann House .
go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology always avoiding the 67 George .
go to the Idee di pietra but do not go to John Hay Library .
go to the Maxcy Green while always avoiding the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity
avoid John Hay Library and go to Lot 18 if you have reached Lot 18 then you can go to John Hay Library .
go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate
go directly to Maxcy Green
go to the Friedman Hall
avoid the J.W. Wilson and go to Simmons Quadrangle if you reached the Simmons Quadrangle , you can now go to the J.W. Wilson or stay on Simmons Quadrangle .
avoid Quiet Green and go to J.W. Wilson if you reached J.W. Wilson then you can go to Quiet Green .
avoid Class of 1872 Gate while traveling to Metcalf Research Building .
go to Saint Stephens Church without going to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall
travel to Urban Environmental Lab .
avoid the Maxcy Green and go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences if you reached the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences , you can now go to the Maxcy Green or stay on Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
navigate to the Brown University Sciences Library while avoiding the The Ivy Room .
go through 86 Waterman  to Lippit House .
always go to Prince Engineering Lab before navigating to the Class of 1872 Gate .
go to the Sharpe Refectory .
start on the William Goddard Memorial Gate and move directly to Walter Hall .
go from the 67 George to Hegeman
avoid the P-131317 until going to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate and if you have reached the John Nicholas Brown Gate you may proceed to the The Ivy Room or stay in the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
navigate to the Gardner House , always avoiding the Finlandia .
avoid the Swearer Center for Public Service and travel to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
navigate to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to or through Lot 17 always avoid going to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology through Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology
navigate to the Kassar House , always avoiding the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to Swearer Center for Public Service but do not first go through the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to Idee di pietra before going in the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
move towards Brown University Sciences Library and then to Rockefeller Library .
go to the Brown University Sciences Library .
always go to Hegeman before navigating to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
navigate to the Wayland always avoiding the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to Idee di pietra and then to Untitled Lamp/Bear
go from the Wayland to the Mencoff Hall .
go through Citizen's Bank and navigate to the Marcus Aurelius .
go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority but do not first pass through 67 George .
go through the Maxcy Green to the 86 Waterman  .
go to War Memorial through the Norwood House .
go to Lyman Hall before going to the Rhode Island Hall .
go to Brown University , but never through it
go to the Barus Building while avoiding the Soldiers Memorial Gate
go to College Green while always avoiding the Friedman Hall
go to Hegeman , but never through it
go to Prospect House before going to Brown University .
navigate to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to the Casey Shearer Memorial without going through the Idee di pietra .
go to 67 George before going to the Minden Hall .
stay on the College Green and go to the Littlefield Hall .
navigate through Prince Engineering Lab then go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
avoid the Rockefeller Library and reach Norwood House
do n't go into the Campus Market until going to Hegeman
always avoid Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology and navigate to the Sears .
stay on the The Ivy Room while going to the Minden Hall .
stay on the Maxcy Hall and navigate to Littlefield Hall .
go to or through the John Carter Brown Library while avoiding going through the Sharpe Refectory
go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity whilst avoiding the Faunce House .
avoid Starbucks until going to War Memorial .
always avoid the Circle Dance Sculpture and go to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
stay on the Idee di pietra and go to Marston Hall .
avoid Barus Building and go to the College Green .
go to Lot 76 .
go to the Lot 17 and then to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
navigate to the Finlandia through the Casey Shearer Memorial .
avoid the List Art Building and go to Prince Engineering Lab .
avoid John Carter Brown Library until going to the Prince Engineering Lab .
navigate to the Hope College , and then navigate to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to the Horace Mann House via the Brown Bear .
go to the Sharpe Refectory
go to Slavery Memorial , then head to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to or through the Lot 18 always avoid going through the Lincoln Field Building
go to the War Memorial and avoid Mencoff Hall .
go to the BERT without going through the Norwood House .
go to the Van Wickle Gates
go to Campus Market through the 86 Waterman  .
always avoid going to Sears through the Untitled Lamp/Bear
go to The Ivy Room and then go to the Slater Hall .
avoid Slavery Memorial until going to the Brown Bear .
avoid the Littlefield Hall until you go to Blue Room .
avoid Brown Bear until you go to Prince Engineering Lab .
go from the Idee di pietra to the John Hay Library
go to Brown Center for Students of Color but do not first go through the Saint Stephens Church .
go to the John Hay Library
go to or through the 86 Waterman  always avoid going through the Soldiers Memorial Gate
go to the Wilbour Hall after you go to the Kassar House .
navigate to the Idee di pietra after going to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
from the Blue Room , navigate to the Brown Bear .
pass through Hope College on your way to the Minden Hall .
navigate to the Caswell Hall through the Wayland .
go to the Sayles Hall , and then go to the Rhode Island Hall .
move to War Memorial , but go through the Brown Center for Students of Color first .
go to Manning
avoid War Memorial until going to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
navigate to the Sharpe Refectory before going to the Shirley Miller House .
go to the Hughes Court via the P-131317 .
avoid the first and Wilbour Hall and go to Littlefield Hall .
always avoid going to Brown Center for Students of Color through the Lot 17
visit Soldiers Memorial Gate but do n't leave the John Hay Library .
go through Maxcy Hall to Quiet Green .
avoid Hughes Court until you have passed through Barus Building
go to Brown University only through the Watson Center for Information Technology
go to the Campus Market .
proceed to the Brown University by going through the Maxcy Hall .
go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity then go to the Maxcy Green .
go to Wilbour Hall before navigating to the Brown University .
go to J.W. Wilson before going to Robinson Hall
avoid Maxcy Hall and go to the Mencoff Hall .
navigate to Marcus Aurelius .
navigate to the University Hall avoiding Sayles Hall .
go to or through Maddock Alumni  always avoid going to Lot 76 through Lot 76
go to Class of 1872 Gate through Brown University Sciences Library .
avoid the Watson Center for Information Technology until you go to the Slater Hall .
navigate directly to the John Carter Brown Library .
go to the Wriston Quad avoiding the Wriston Quad . if you reached the Brown University Sciences Library you can stay there , or head to the Wriston Quad .
go to the Idee di pietra without going to BERT .
always avoid Friedman Hall and go to John Nicholas Brown Gate
go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ , avoid the Rhode Island Hall until you have been to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ
avoid Slavery Memorial until going to Sears .
go to Lot 17 through the Arnold Laboratory .
go to P-131317 , then go to Prospect House
avoid the Wriston Quad until going to John Hay Library .
go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences after going to the Walter Hall .
go to the Shirley Miller House .
robot , go to the Sears .
go to the Blue Room but avoid Brown Bear if you reached to the Blue Room then you can head to Brown Bear or stay put .
avoid Prospect House until going to Brown University .
go through the Starbucks to the Friedman Hall
always go to Gardner House before Arnold Laboratory .
avoid the Littlefield Hall , navigate to the Sayles Hall .
go to Wayland and then to John Nicholas Brown Gate
navigate to the Brown Bear before going to the Maddock Alumni  .
navigate to the Walter Hall but do not pass through the Brown Bear .
go to the The Ivy Room through the P-131317 .
go to the Robinson Gate , then head to the Finlandia .
always go to John Hay Library before navigating to the Idee di pietra .
avoid the Friedman Hall until you go to the Prospect House .
stay on the Walter Hall to get to Arnold Laboratory .
go to the Minden Hall and then to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
navigate to the Van Wickle Gates .
from the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall , go to Soldiers Memorial Gate directly .
avoid the Prince Engineering Lab until after navigating to the College Green .
avoid the Prospect House until navigating to the Lyman Hall .
go to Horace Mann House .
visit the Maxcy Green then go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
travel through the Lippit House then go to the Robinson Gate .
go to the Minden Hall .
go to the 86 Waterman  without going to Prince Engineering Lab .
move to the Minden Hall first then travel to Maxcy Green .
move to Brown Center for Students of Color without entering the Horace Mann House . then you may stay at Brown Center for Students of Color or go to the Horace Mann House .
avoid Untitled Lamp/Bear until navigating to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
avoid the Wriston Quad and go to Watson Center for Information Technology
always avoid the Carrie Tower while navigating to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
avoid the Van Wickle Gates until you go to Lot 17 .
go to the 67 George through the P-131317
avoid the Hughes Court until you go to Saint Stephens Church .
navigate to the 86 Waterman  .
avoid the Circle Dance Sculpture on the way to 86 Waterman  .
avoid the Swearer Center for Public Service until going to the Citizen's Bank .
go to the Marston Hall through the Casey Shearer Memorial .
avoid the List Art Building until going to the Hughes Court .
go to the Gardner House by first going through the Maxcy Green .
go to the Medical Research Lab by first visiting Class of 1872 Gate .
avoid the first and Hughes Court and go to Gardner House .
move to Arnold Laboratory but avoid Blue Room .
go from Arnold Laboratory to The Ivy Room .
go to the Maxcy Hall and avoid the Friedman Hall .
go through the Barus Building to the Carrie Tower .
go to the Lincoln Field Building .
always avoid Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology and go to the John Hay Library .
move towards Quiet Green and then to BERT .
go to 86 Waterman  but do not first pass through Mencoff Hall .
go to the Starbucks and then to College Green .
always avoid Finlandia , and navigate to Norwood House .
go to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to the John Hay Library before you go to the Barus Building .
go to or through the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ always avoid going through the Campus Market
go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate , then proceed to J.W. Wilson .
proceed to the Walter Hall but do n't leave the Hughes Court .
navigate to the Wriston Quad before going to the Hegeman .
go to the 86 Waterman  through the Blue Room
go to Wilbour Hall , but never through it
go through BERT before going to the Barus Building .
always avoid Walter Hall while going to Mencoff Hall .
go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences by first going to the Friedman Hall .
remain on the Brown University and navigate to the Saint Stephens Church .
navigate to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go through the J.W. Wilson , then make your way to Medical Research Lab .
go to Starbucks before going to the Van Wickle Gates .
avoid the Lippit House and go to Rhode Island Hall .
head to the Lot 17 , but make sure to go through the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity first .
go to the Medical Research Lab and avoid Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to the War Memorial first
go to the Urban Environmental Lab before going to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
avoid Metcalf Research Building until you go to the Mencoff Hall .
go to the Van Wickle Gates by first going through the Horace Mann House .
go to the Prince Engineering Lab through the The Ivy Room .
go directly to Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to the Circle Dance Sculpture through the Slater Hall .
avoid Maddock Alumni  and go to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
avoid Van Wickle Gates and go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
avoid the Medical Research Lab until you go to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to or through the Barus Building . always avoid going to the Barus Building through Wilbour Hall
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall , then go to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go through the Kassar House to Lincoln Field Building .
go through the Sayles Hall before going to Brown Bear
go to the Marston Hall and avoid the Prince Engineering Lab .
navigate to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority through the Horace Mann House .
avoid Barus Building and go to Marston Hall if you 've reached Marston Hall then you can go to Barus Building .
go to Gardner House then go to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to P-131317 , then go to Lyman Hall .
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color by first visiting Maxcy Green .
go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop , then go to Wayland .
go to the Carrie Tower without going to Hegeman .
go from the Shirley Miller House to Simmons Quadrangle .
go to the Brown Bear , then head to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to John Carter Brown Library
go to J.W. Wilson , but do not go to Littlefield Hall .
go to Slater Hall but do not first pass through Quiet Green .
navigate to the Gardner House .
go to the Lyman Hall through the Maxcy Hall .
avoid Idee di pietra and go to Caswell Hall .
first navigate to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate , then make your way to the Brown Bear .
go to Horace Mann House , then go to John Nicholas Brown Gate .
avoid Arnold Laboratory until you go to the Metcalf Research Building .
go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ through Watson Center for Information Technology .
go through the Robinson Gate to Metcalf Research Building .
go through The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ and navigate to the Brown Bear .
go through the Arnold Laboratory and navigate to the Medical Research Lab .
go to the Rhode Island Hall
go to the Sayles Hall through the Brown University .
go to the Hegeman through the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color through the Shirley Miller House .
go to Friedman Hall , then head to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to Slater Hall through the Arnold Laboratory .
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
avoid the Mencoff Hall and go to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall avoiding Mencoff Hall .
from the List Art Building , navigate to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go through the P-131317 to the Caswell Hall .
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall while always avoiding the Van Wickle Gates
first go to the Van Wickle Gates and then go to Friedman Hall .
navigate to the List Art Building always avoiding the Rhode Island Hall .
go to Walter Hall , then head to the Lot 17 .
go to the Starbucks
avoid the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ as you go to the Brown Bear .
stay away from the John Hay Library and go to Watson Center for Information Technology .
go through the Starbucks before going to the War Memorial .
go to Casey Shearer Memorial but avoid Caswell Hall .
go to the Van Wickle Gates always avoiding the Horace Mann House .
first go to Wilbour Hall , then go to the Brown Bear .
go to P-131317 .
navigate from the Soldiers Memorial Gate to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to Blue Room then go to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to The Ivy Room without going to Urban Environmental Lab
go to Horace Mann House while avoiding the Van Wickle Gates .
avoid the Faunce House until going to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
move to the College Green .
go to Brown Bear before Class of 1872 Gate .
go to the The Ivy Room before going to Walter Hall
go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate and then head to Rhode Island Hall .
go through the Caswell Hall and navigate to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to the Shirley Miller House through Faunce House
avoid the Metcalf Research Building until going to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to Rockefeller Library through the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity
go to the Carrie Tower avoiding the College Green . go through the Carrie Tower to get to the College Green .
navigate to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
head to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ , but make sure to go through the Hegeman first .
avoid Simmons Quadrangle and go to the The Ivy Room .
navigate to the Van Wickle Gates before going to the Hughes Court .
go to the Slater Hall but do not go to List Art Building .
go to the Lyman Hall .
go to Gardner House avoiding the Kassar House . then go to the Kassar House or stay on Gardner House .
go to the Friedman Hall .
go to Walter Hall before going to Marston Hall .
go to Lot 17 always avoiding the Brown Bear .
go to the Horace Mann House but avoid Salomon Center for Teaching if you reached to the Horace Mann House then you can head to Salomon Center for Teaching or stay put .
go to the 86 Waterman 
avoid the Maxcy Green and go to the Walter Hall .
go to the Class of 1887 Gate but do not go through the War Memorial first .
move to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
avoid Simmons Quadrangle until you go to the Metcalf Research Building .
avoid the John Nicholas Brown Gate on your way to the Hope College . once you get to the Hope College you can to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
always avoid going through Salomon Center for Teaching
avoid Horace Mann House and go to the Urban Environmental Lab .
navigate to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Starbucks , then head to the Prince Engineering Lab .
navigate to Slavery Memorial , always avoiding Minden Hall .
go to the 86 Waterman  , then go to the Van Wickle Gates .
avoid the Faunce House until you go to John Hay Library .
go to 86 Waterman  after navigating to the Van Wickle Gates .
go through Prospect House before going to the Robinson Hall .
avoid Lot 17 until going to Horace Mann House .
go through Manning to the Brown University .
avoid the 86 Waterman  and go to the Minden Hall .
avoid the Van Wickle Gates and go to Slater Hall .
go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
avoid the Lot 17 until going to the Shirley Miller House .
navigate to the Hughes Court but do n't ever go to Barus Building .
navigate to Brown Bear through the Starbucks .
go through the Brown University Sciences Library to the Robinson Hall .
navigate to the 86 Waterman  before going to the Mencoff Hall .
navigate to the Quiet Green .
go to the 67 George through the Lyman Hall .
go to the Lot 18 and avoid Maxcy Hall .
go to the BERT
move to John Hay Library from the List Art Building .
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop but avoid the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to Maxcy Hall
go to Shirley Miller House after going to Lincoln Field Building .
go to the Lincoln Field Building and then go to the Rhode Island Hall .
avoid Slavery Memorial and go to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to Wriston Quad through the Blue Room .
go to Hughes Court before going to the Mencoff Hall
go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate while avoiding List Art Building .
go through Arnold Laboratory to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
avoid the first and Hope College and go to Citizen's Bank .
always avoid Lot 18 and go through the Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to Van Wickle Gates
go through the Idee di pietra to get to John Hay Library
move to Robinson Gate and then proceed to the Brown Bear .
go to the Class of 1887 Gate before going to the Soldiers Memorial Gate
proceed to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences without going through the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to the Robinson Hall
avoid Van Wickle Gates until after the Circle Dance Sculpture
go through the Barus Building then to the Prince Engineering Lab .
avoid Soldiers Memorial Gate until reaching the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to the P-131317 always avoiding the Minden Hall .
go to Casey Shearer Memorial by avoiding the 67 George and then stay there or continue to the 67 George .
go to the P-131317 without touching Medical Research Lab .
go from Wriston Quad to Wayland .
go to Manning and avoid the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
from the Marcus Aurelius , navigate to the Slater Hall .
avoid the Minden Hall and go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
always avoid going to Watson Center for Information Technology through the Shirley Miller House
avoid the 86 Waterman  and go to Caswell Hall .
head to the John Hay Library , but make sure to go through the Soldiers Memorial Gate first .
go to the Sears through the Metcalf Research Building
always avoid Class of 1887 Gate , and navigate to Rhode Island Hall .
avoid the Brown Bear until you go to the Arnold Laboratory .
go to the Lot 18 without going through the Walter Hall . if you reached the Lot 18 then you can go to the Walter Hall , or be done .
avoid Lippit House and go to the Hope College .
go through the Salomon Center for Teaching first , then go to the Robinson Hall .
go to Marcus Aurelius without first passing through The Ivy Room .
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity but do not enter the Lot 18 first .
go to or through Walter Hall always avoid going to John Hay Library through John Hay Library
from the Untitled Lamp/Bear , navigate to the Walter Hall .
move towards Lincoln Field Building and then to Barus Building .
go to the BERT and then go to Minden Hall .
go to the Manning first
avoid the Rockefeller Library on the way to Hughes Court .
go to the Lyman Hall only through the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop
go to Swearer Center for Public Service , then go to Idee di pietra .
go to or through the Friedman Hall always avoid going through the Mencoff Hall
go to the Walter Hall by going through Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to the Manning .
avoid the Medical Research Lab , navigate to the Kassar House .
go to Saint Stephens Church , but never through it
move to the Minden Hall without entering the Lot 18 .
avoid the Medical Research Lab until reaching the Simmons Quadrangle .
avoid the Starbucks until going to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to the Brown University Sciences Library avoiding the Faunce House . if you get to Brown University Sciences Library you can then proceed to the Faunce House
go to Watson Center for Information Technology before navigating to the Slavery Memorial .
go through the Lincoln Field Building to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to the Maxcy Green .
go directly to Prince Engineering Lab .
go to Slater Hall through the Salomon Center for Teaching
always avoid List Art Building and go to the P-131317 .
remain on the Wayland and navigate to the Sayles Hall .
go to Barus Building then go to Prince Engineering Lab .
go to Robinson Hall through the Idee di pietra .
go from the Manning to the Quiet Green .
proceed to Brown Bear without going through the 86 Waterman  .
go to Watson Center for Information Technology and avoid the Lot 17 .
always go to Soldiers Memorial Gate before Mencoff Hall .
go to Brown Bear passing through the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to the Lincoln Field Building through the Brown Bear
navigate to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity but never go to the Hughes Court .
go to the Prince Engineering Lab then move to the War Memorial .
go through the Lippit House before going to the Lincoln Field Building .
go to the Finlandia while staying on the Maxcy Hall .
go to the Slater Hall without going to the Metcalf Research Building .
go through the Mencoff Hall to the Wayland .
go to Salomon Center for Teaching and avoid the Wayland .
go through the Medical Research Lab to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
avoid the Manning until going to the The Ivy Room .
avoid the Minden Hall as you go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
avoid the War Memorial while going to the Lippit House .
go to Salomon Center for Teaching .
navigate to the Slater Hall via the Van Wickle Gates .
go through the Medical Research Lab to The Ivy Room .
avoiding the 67 George , go to List Art Building .
go to the Minden Hall while always avoiding the Brown Center for Students of Color
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color and then to Hope College .
go to Simmons Quadrangle before going to Lot 18 .
go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority while avoiding the first and GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to the War Memorial avoiding the War Memorial . if you reached the Maxcy Hall you can stay there , or head to the War Memorial .
navigate to the Kassar House before going to Quiet Green .
go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
avoid the Blue Room until you go to the Class of 1872 Gate .
go to Brown University Sciences Library whilst avoiding the Wayland .
avoid the Maddock Alumni  and go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ
go to the Starbucks through Norwood House .
navigate to the Minden Hall .
robot , go to the Wayland .
avoid Watson Center for Information Technology and go to Campus Market .
go through Wilbour Hall to the Arnold Laboratory .
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to the Marcus Aurelius through Rhode Island Hall .
approach the Minden Hall while avoiding the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to the 86 Waterman  and avoid the John Hay Library .
always navigate to Caswell Hall and then proceed to Marston Hall .
always avoid 86 Waterman  and navigate to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to 86 Waterman  .
avoid Saint Stephens Church until going to Shirley Miller House .
go through the Untitled Lamp/Bear to the Brown University .
avoid Robinson Gate and proceed to Slavery Memorial
navigate to the Simmons Quadrangle before you go to Van Wickle Gates .
go to Caswell Hall through Brown Bear
go to the Blue Room through Lincoln Field Building
always avoid Wilbour Hall and go to the Wayland .
go to Wilbour Hall without going in the Idee di pietra
avoid Van Wickle Gates until you pass through Shirley Miller House .
move to the Lot 17 but ensure to go to the Gardner House first .
go to Watson Center for Information Technology and then go to the Citizen's Bank .
avoid the Robinson Gate until going to the Manning .
without stepping in the Mencoff Hall , go to Brown Bear .
go to Simmons Quadrangle
go to Maddock Alumni  and then the Littlefield Hall
avoid Alpha Chi Omega Sorority until after reaching Idee di pietra .
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology avoiding Norwood House if you reached the Watson Center for Information Technology then you may go to Norwood House .
avoid Maxcy Hall until going to Urban Environmental Lab .
go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate without going to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to John Nicholas Brown Gate but do not enter the Lot 17 first .
go to Salomon Center for Teaching and then to Minden Hall
go from the List Art Building to the Robinson Gate .
go through Class of 1887 Gate to the BERT .
go to the Sayles Hall and then navigate to the Robinson Gate .
go to BERT , but never through it
avoid the Lyman Hall , navigate to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to Prospect House through the Kassar House .
always avoid Metcalf Research Building and go to Friedman Hall .
avoid John Carter Brown Library and go to the Slavery Memorial .
go to Maxcy Hall through the Lippit House .
move to the Brown Bear then continue to the The Ivy Room .
avoid the College Green before you navigate to the Wilbour Hall .
always avoid 67 George and navigate to the Campus Market .
always pass The Ivy Room to get to level 1 .
go to Metcalf Research Building from the Van Wickle Gates only .
visit J.W. Wilson but do n't leave the College Green .
always pass Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences before Lot 76 .
move to the Untitled Lamp/Bear but ensure to go to the Watson Center for Information Technology first .
go through the Prospect House to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to the Arnold Laboratory whilst avoiding the John Hay Library .
go from Minden Hall to Urban Environmental Lab .
navigate directly to Urban Environmental Lab .
avoid the Lyman Hall until going to the Littlefield Hall .
from the Soldiers Memorial Gate , navigate to Brown University .
move to Metcalf Research Building and then proceed to the Idee di pietra .
go through the Hegeman to the The Ivy Room
go to the Hegeman and then go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
always avoid GeoChem and Macmillian Hall and go to the 67 George .
go to J.W. Wilson through the John Carter Brown Library .
go to BERT before going to Quiet Green .
go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate through the Metcalf Research Building .
go to the Hope College without going to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
always go through Hope College and then to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to the Wilbour Hall through the Maxcy Hall
avoid Mencoff Hall until you go to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to the Urban Environmental Lab through the War Memorial .
go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences only through the Slavery Memorial
go to the Horace Mann House , then go to John Hay Library .
go to the Barus Building .
go to Finlandia through the Manning .
avoiding the Marston Hall , go to Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to Simmons Quadrangle and then to Maxcy Green
go to the Idee di pietra .
go to the BERT after going to the Finlandia .
go to the Kassar House while avoiding the Prospect House
go to the Brown University Sciences Library .
go from the Prospect House to the Slater Hall
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity while staying on the Rockefeller Library .
go to the Circle Dance Sculpture but avoid the Brown University .
go to Maxcy Green through the Marcus Aurelius .
go to the Class of 1887 Gate through the Sayles Hall .
go to Idee di pietra by first visiting the Hughes Court .
go to the Friedman Hall always avoiding the Class of 1872 Gate .
go from the Prospect House to the William Goddard Memorial Gate
avoid the Saint Stephens Church until you enter the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go from Lot 17 to Brown Bear .
go to or through the Idee di pietra , but avoid going to the Idee di pietra through the Norwood House
go from the University Hall to the Hegeman .
visit the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority and then proceed to the Marcus Aurelius .
go to Littlefield Hall and avoid the Finlandia .
avoid the Walter Hall until you go through the Quiet Green .
go to the Van Wickle Gates by going through Manning .
go to the University Hall through Barus Building .
go to Lincoln Field Building through the Maddock Alumni  .
go to Marston Hall through the Caswell Hall
go to the Idee di pietra while always avoiding the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to the Robinson Hall by first going through the Gardner House .
go to the Minden Hall avoiding the J.W. Wilson .
go to Idee di pietra through Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Slavery Memorial and then head to Sayles Hall .
go to Friedman Hall .
go to J.W. Wilson and then to Horace Mann House .
avoid the Brown Bear
navigate to the Swearer Center for Public Service while avoiding the Starbucks .
go to the Medical Research Lab without going through the University Hall .
avoid Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity and go to Mencoff Hall if you have reached Mencoff Hall then you can go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
avoid the Saint Stephens Church and go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to Quiet Green but do not enter the Minden Hall first .
go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to the Class of 1872 Gate while avoiding Blue Room
navigate to the Shirley Miller House but never go to the Brown University Sciences Library .
go to the Horace Mann House .
go to the Casey Shearer Memorial through the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to Barus Building via the Lot 17 .
go to John Nicholas Brown Gate
go from the Kassar House to the Van Wickle Gates
go through the Maxcy Hall to Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to Saint Stephens Church through Campus Market
go to the Friedman Hall .
go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology
go to the Prospect House then go to Quiet Green .
go through the John Hay Library to the Class of 1887 Gate .
go to the Marcus Aurelius but do not go through the Simmons Quadrangle first .
stay on the Metcalf Research Building to get to Lot 18 .
go from the Citizen's Bank to the Quiet Green
always navigate to Circle Dance Sculpture and then proceed to War Memorial .
go to the Manning
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to the Marston Hall by touching the Metcalf Research Building .
go to Rockefeller Library after going to Casey Shearer Memorial .
go through the Maxcy Hall to William Goddard Memorial Gate .
avoid Faunce House until going to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to the Gardner House and avoid the Sears .
go through the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop , then make your way to Wilbour Hall .
go to Walter Hall .
go to Campus Market through the Maxcy Green .
head to the Faunce House .
avoid BERT until going to the Maxcy Hall .
go to the Class of 1872 Gate .
navigate directly to the The Ivy Room .
go to Hegeman , before going to Lyman Hall .
go to the Robinson Hall via Class of 1872 Gate .
go to Blue Room , avoid the College Green until you have been to the Blue Room
avoid the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop until you go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
avoid Wilbour Hall until going to Sears .
go to Minden Hall through Simmons Quadrangle
move to the Mencoff Hall without entering the Medical Research Lab .
go to Idee di pietra but avoid Robinson Gate .
while avoiding the Soldiers Memorial Gate , navigate to Blue Room .
navigate to the John Carter Brown Library then continue to College Green .
go to the Littlefield Hall then go to Shirley Miller House
go to the Class of 1887 Gate through Barus Building .
move to the Circle Dance Sculpture by going through the Brown Center for Students of Color
go to the Lot 17 .
go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall and then go to the Caswell Hall .
move toward the Medical Research Lab .
go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate while always avoiding the Lyman Hall
stay on the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate while going to the Wilbour Hall .
head to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ avoiding Untitled Lamp/Bear .
navigate through Brown Bear then go to Slater Hall .
go to the Hughes Court whilst avoiding the Maxcy Green .
go to the Robinson Gate while always avoiding the Lyman Hall .
go to the Carrie Tower
avoid the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity until you go to the Littlefield Hall .
go through the Finlandia to Robinson Hall .
avoid Class of 1887 Gate until you pass through Lot 18 .
avoid the Brown Center for Students of Color until going to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to the Robinson Gate , then head to the 86 Waterman  .
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity then go to Casey Shearer Memorial
move to the Carrie Tower .
go to Brown University through the Brown Bear
go to Carrie Tower , but never through it
travel to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity and then go to Norwood House .
go to the Rhode Island Hall by going through Idee di pietra .
avoid Prince Engineering Lab and go to the The Ivy Room .
go to the The Ivy Room by first going to the Saint Stephens Church .
go to the Starbucks through the Faunce House .
avoid Minden Hall until after you go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
navigate to the Urban Environmental Lab but do n't ever go to 67 George .
go to Marcus Aurelius , but never through it
do n't go into the J.W. Wilson until going to Van Wickle Gates
go to the Citizen's Bank and avoid the Horace Mann House .
go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate avoiding Horace Mann House if you reached the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate then you may go to Horace Mann House .
move to the Mencoff Hall .
move to the 67 George .
go to the Marcus Aurelius while avoiding the J.W. Wilson and if you have reached the Marcus Aurelius then you can go to the J.W. Wilson .
go to War Memorial and then to Brown University
go through the Quiet Green to Carrie Tower .
go to the Kassar House before going to the Hope College .
avoid the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ and go to the Brown Bear .
move toward the Idee di pietra .
go to P-131317 after navigating to the Slavery Memorial .
go through the Maddock Alumni  to the Robinson Hall .
move to the Quiet Green by going through the Medical Research Lab
go to Medical Research Lab by avoiding the Lot 18 and then stay there or continue to the Lot 18 .
navigate to the Slavery Memorial then continue to Brown University Sciences Library .
go to the Metcalf Research Building
go to the Sharpe Refectory after going to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
avoid the Wriston Quad until you go to the Horace Mann House .
move to John Hay Library .
move to the College Green without leaving the Rhode Island Hall .
go to Lot 76 .
go through Shirley Miller House to the Maxcy Green .
go to the Brown Bear
go to Lot 76
avoid the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority until you go to Brown Bear .
go to Swearer Center for Public Service and then to Faunce House
always avoid going through Barus Building
avoid Blue Room until you go to the Barus Building .
move to the Sears but go through Manning first .
go to the War Memorial and then go to the Lot 18 .
go to the Finlandia
go to the P-131317 while avoiding Gardner House
go to the Faunce House and then to the Starbucks .
go through Arnold Laboratory before going to the Lot 76 .
avoid the Brown Bear until going to the Class of 1872 Gate .
travel to Class of 1887 Gate .
move to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ , travelling through Marston Hall .
go to a spot in the Maxcy Hall , but do n't touch Van Wickle Gates .
go from the Rockefeller Library to The Ivy Room
go to University Hall .
travel to the Rockefeller Library and then go to Idee di pietra .
move to the Van Wickle Gates , travelling through Circle Dance Sculpture .
avoid the Carrie Tower and go to the Simmons Quadrangle .
avoid Brown Bear and go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to the Walter Hall while avoiding the Mencoff Hall
go to the Brown University
go through Marston Hall to the Finlandia .
go to Circle Dance Sculpture while avoiding Prospect House
avoid the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology and go to the Barus Building . if you reached the Barus Building then you may go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology , or just stay on the Barus Building .
head to the Lippit House .
do not go to Circle Dance Sculpture until going to John Nicholas Brown Gate
go to University Hall through Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology
visit the Simmons Quadrangle and then proceed to the Caswell Hall .
avoid the Lyman Hall until going to Caswell Hall .
go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology
navigate to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ but never go to the Quiet Green .
go through the John Nicholas Brown Gate to Wriston Quad .
avoid the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop and go to Littlefield Hall if you reached the Littlefield Hall , you can now go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop or stay on Littlefield Hall .
always pass Van Wickle Gates to get to level 1 .
first move to Untitled Lamp/Bear then navigate to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to Shirley Miller House from the Circle Dance Sculpture only .
stay on the Swearer Center for Public Service and navigate to Van Wickle Gates .
avoid Morgan Witter Rogers Gate until you go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to the Metcalf Research Building after you go to the Slater Hall .
avoid Brown University Sciences Library and go to Prospect House .
go to or through the Gardner House always avoid going through the Maddock Alumni 
navigate to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to or through the College Green always avoid going to the College Green through 67 George
avoid the Idee di pietra and go to the 86 Waterman  .
go to the Walter Hall through the Carrie Tower .
go through the Robinson Gate to the Medical Research Lab .
go to a spot in the Brown Bear , but do n't touch Maxcy Hall .
always go through Untitled Lamp/Bear and then to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
always avoid going through Class of 1872 Gate
go to the Lincoln Field Building without going to the Littlefield Hall .
go through the Campus Market to Medical Research Lab .
go to the Starbucks but do not enter the College Green first .
always avoid the Lot 18 to navigate to Arnold Laboratory .
go to the Marston Hall then go Brown Bear .
first go to Caswell Hall , then go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to the Van Wickle Gates by touching the Blue Room .
go to William Goddard Memorial Gate and then to John Hay Library .
move to Class of 1887 Gate , but travel to the J.W. Wilson first .
go to College Green before navigating to the Mencoff Hall .
do not navigate away from the Van Wickle Gates and go to the Prince Engineering Lab .
move to the Starbucks .
go to the Maddock Alumni  avoiding the Hope College . if you get to Maddock Alumni  you can then proceed to the Hope College
go to Marston Hall and then to Shirley Miller House
navigate to the Circle Dance Sculpture but do not pass through the Metcalf Research Building .
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology only through the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop
go to the Wriston Quad .
go to the Marston Hall and avoid the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to the University Hall then go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ
go to the Quiet Green without going to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
avoid the Brown Bear until going to the P-131317 .
stay on the Sayles Hall and navigate to Sears .
always avoid Hughes Court and go to the Hope College .
go up to the J.W. Wilson without going to Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go through the Prospect House to Wilbour Hall .
go to Sears via the Maxcy Hall .
go to the Class of 1872 Gate whilst avoiding the Robinson Hall .
go to the Faunce House without going to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to Brown Bear , avoiding the University Hall
go to the Wayland .
always navigate to Lot 17 and then proceed to Manning .
always go to Robinson Gate before navigating to the Mencoff Hall .
always avoid Van Wickle Gates and go to Hope College .
go to Medical Research Lab .
go through Citizen's Bank to Mencoff Hall .
go to the Quiet Green through Slater Hall
avoid the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology and go to Gardner House .
always avoid the Citizen's Bank and go to the Simmons Quadrangle .
navigate to the Caswell Hall , avoiding Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to the 67 George then go to Salomon Center for Teaching
go through the Brown University Sciences Library first , then go to the 67 George .
go to John Hay Library through Starbucks
always avoid Littlefield Hall and go to Wriston Quad .
go through the Blue Room and navigate to the Caswell Hall .
go to the Blue Room then go BERT .
head to the Sharpe Refectory , but make sure to go through the P-131317 first .
move to the Hope College .
navigate to Sears .
avoid the Swearer Center for Public Service and go to the Brown University .
navigate to the Casey Shearer Memorial staying on the Quiet Green .
remain on the Caswell Hall and go directly to the P-131317 .
go to the Wayland through Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to Medical Research Lab through the Hegeman
go to the Maddock Alumni  by going through Finlandia .
always go through Slavery Memorial and then to the Robinson Gate .
always avoid the John Nicholas Brown Gate , go to the Robinson Gate .
go to the Slater Hall by first going through Kassar House .
avoid the Hope College until after you 've gone to the Brown University Sciences Library .
avoid John Nicholas Brown Gate until you go to Van Wickle Gates .
move to the Metcalf Research Building while avoiding the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
from the Faunce House go to War Memorial .
navigate to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop before going to Simmons Quadrangle .
go to the Friedman Hall while avoiding Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to the Rhode Island Hall through Hughes Court .
go to the Caswell Hall and then to Arnold Laboratory .
go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology , then go to Brown Bear .
avoid the Minden Hall until going to the Walter Hall .
navigate to the John Nicholas Brown Gate through the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to or through the Brown Bear , but avoid going to the Brown Bear through the J.W. Wilson
avoid Shirley Miller House until going to Lippit House .
avoid the 86 Waterman  until after going to the John Hay Library .
avoid Class of 1872 Gate and go to the Minden Hall .
go to the Wriston Quad through the Watson Center for Information Technology .
stay on the Mencoff Hall and go to Norwood House .
avoid Swearer Center for Public Service and go to the Maxcy Green .
move to the Faunce House .
navigate to the Hope College via the John Hay Library .
avoid Lippit House while traveling to Soldiers Memorial Gate .
always go to Van Wickle Gates before navigating to the Faunce House .
navigate to Robinson Hall through the Caswell Hall .
go to Urban Environmental Lab through the Salomon Center for Teaching
move to the Soldiers Memorial Gate by going through the Urban Environmental Lab
go to the Brown Bear through the Rockefeller Library .
avoid Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology until you go to Gardner House .
go from the Rockefeller Library to the William Goddard Memorial Gate
go to Finlandia without first passing through John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to the Maxcy Green before going to Metcalf Research Building .
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology but never go to the Lot 76 .
go to Marcus Aurelius then go to the Blue Room .
visit Sayles Hall but do n't leave the Friedman Hall .
visit the Salomon Center for Teaching and then proceed to the Hegeman .
go to a spot in the Barus Building , but do n't touch Marcus Aurelius .
avoid Salomon Center for Teaching until after reaching Arnold Laboratory .
go to Prospect House without going to BERT
avoid the P-131317 and reach John Hay Library
go to the Maxcy Green through The Ivy Room
go to Maxcy Green through the Carrie Tower .
move to the Brown University Sciences Library while avoiding the Prince Engineering Lab .
go to the Circle Dance Sculpture but avoid Maxcy Hall .
go to Starbucks while avoiding going through any other objects
go to Marcus Aurelius through the Mencoff Hall
avoid the John Hay Library on your way to Robinson Hall .
avoid the The Ivy Room until you go to Norwood House
always avoid Lot 18 and go to the Sharpe Refectory .
go to Lippit House
first navigate to Urban Environmental Lab , then go to Kassar House .
avoid the Maxcy Green until going to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to Swearer Center for Public Service but do not enter the Marston Hall first .
avoid the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop until going to University Hall .
go to Carrie Tower and then to Friedman Hall
stay on the Urban Environmental Lab and navigate to William Goddard Memorial Gate .
from the Blue Room go to Class of 1887 Gate .
always avoid going to Saint Stephens Church through the The Ivy Room
navigate to Untitled Lamp/Bear .
move to the Manning without entering the Brown Bear .
visit Manning but do n't leave the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
always avoid the Manning , go to the Hegeman .
go to the Hughes Court through Carrie Tower .
avoid the Salomon Center for Teaching until passing Maxcy Green .
go to Watson Center for Information Technology through Untitled Lamp/Bear .
avoid Sears until you go to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Brown University through the Slater Hall .
avoid Lippit House until you go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to the Wayland through the Wilbour Hall
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color , avoiding The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
move to the Slavery Memorial .
go to 1 GeoChem and Macmillian Hall after Littlefield Hall
move to the Carrie Tower first then travel to Maxcy Green .
move to College Green without leaving the John Hay Library .
go to the Mencoff Hall through Maxcy Hall
go to 86 Waterman 
go to the Finlandia and then to Robinson Gate .
go to the Robinson Hall .
navigate to the Urban Environmental Lab staying on the Wriston Quad .
avoid the Circle Dance Sculpture and go to the University Hall .
go to Campus Market and avoid 2nd and Shirley Miller House
avoid the Arnold Laboratory until after you 've gone to the University Hall .
avoid Campus Market until going to the Marston Hall .
go to the Simmons Quadrangle through the Sears .
go to Medical Research Lab while always avoiding the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to the Medical Research Lab .
go to the Sayles Hall by first going through the Faunce House .
avoid the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences until navigating to the Manning .
go to Wriston Quad passing through the Finlandia .
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity then go to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to the Brown University avoiding Brown Bear .
always go to Brown Bear before Campus Market .
avoid Mencoff Hall and go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to Wilbour Hall while avoiding going through any other objects
always avoid the Class of 1887 Gate , go to John Hay Library .
avoid the Slavery Memorial and go to Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Saint Stephens Church whilst avoiding the Simmons Quadrangle .
go to John Hay Library without first passing through Soldiers Memorial Gate .
avoid Wriston Quad and go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go through Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology before going to the Lippit House .
navigate to Idee di pietra through the Horace Mann House .
travel to Maddock Alumni  .
robot , go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall but avoid the Mencoff Hall .
navigate to the Brown University Sciences Library always avoiding the Slavery Memorial .
navigate to the Rockefeller Library , always avoiding the Kassar House .
go to Campus Market . then go directly to Carrie Tower
go to Saint Stephens Church through the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to the Brown University Sciences Library . if you reached the Brown University Sciences Library then you may go to the Prince Engineering Lab .
go to the Blue Room and avoid Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to the Saint Stephens Church by first going through the Maddock Alumni  .
avoid the Metcalf Research Building and go to Caswell Hall .
avoid the Prince Engineering Lab , navigate to the Prospect House .
avoid the Shirley Miller House until going to the 67 George .
go to the Marcus Aurelius and avoid the Slavery Memorial .
go to 67 George and always avoid the John Hay Library
avoid the John Nicholas Brown Gate until you go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
navigate to the Blue Room staying on the Brown Bear .
go to the Idee di pietra by going through Campus Market .
always go through the John Carter Brown Library before going to Maddock Alumni  .
go to the Horace Mann House .
go to the Metcalf Research Building while avoiding the Walter Hall .
go to Van Wickle Gates without entering the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
navigate to the Lot 17 but never go to the J.W. Wilson .
always go from the Robinson Gate to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
always avoid John Carter Brown Library and navigate to the Lippit House .
go to the Lincoln Field Building through the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to the Minden Hall without going to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
proceed to the Citizen's Bank but do n't leave the Manning .
go to Citizen's Bank
move to War Memorial and then proceed to the The Ivy Room .
go to the Brown Bear through the Lot 17
go to Littlefield Hall through the Maxcy Hall
go to Simmons Quadrangle before going in the Robinson Hall .
go to the Campus Market before going to Van Wickle Gates
proceed to Circle Dance Sculpture without going through the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to the Barus Building by first going to the Sayles Hall .
avoid Medical Research Lab and move into the Robinson Gate .
move to anywhere on the Caswell Hall , then move to anywhere on the Hughes Court .
go to the Brown University always avoiding the Maxcy Green .
avoid Medical Research Lab until going to Slater Hall .
navigate to the Idee di pietra before going to University Hall .
always avoid going to Citizen's Bank through the Caswell Hall
proceed to the Simmons Quadrangle by going through the Lot 17 .
head to the Robinson Hall but first go to the Citizen's Bank .
go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ but always stay away from Soldiers Memorial Gate .
avoid Prospect House while navigating to Slavery Memorial .
move to the Manning avoiding Kassar House if you got to the Manning then you can continue to Kassar House .
go to Lincoln Field Building
go to Lot 18 through the Littlefield Hall
avoid the Lot 76 and go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to Starbucks and then go to the University Hall .
go to the Lot 76 avoiding the Manning . go through the Lot 76 to get to the Manning .
get to Slavery Memorial , while avoiding Citizen's Bank
avoid Walter Hall until going to the Prospect House .
avoid the Minden Hall until you go to the Kassar House .
move to the Horace Mann House and then move to Urban Environmental Lab .
avoid the BERT until you navigate to Lot 17 .
go through the Starbucks to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go from Lot 76 to Brown Bear .
go to Horace Mann House . then go directly to John Nicholas Brown Gate
avoid the Watson Center for Information Technology until you go to Finlandia .
always avoid going to Lot 76 through the William Goddard Memorial Gate
go to Campus Market through the Sharpe Refectory .
go to Carrie Tower , but do not go to Norwood House .
travel through the J.W. Wilson then go to the Lot 76 .
go to the Van Wickle Gates avoiding the Barus Building . only if you reached the Van Wickle Gates then you may proceed to the Barus Building .
navigate to the Untitled Lamp/Bear and avoid Maxcy Green .
go to Salomon Center for Teaching before going in the Citizen's Bank .
go to a spot in the Salomon Center for Teaching , but do n't touch Lot 76 .
go to the Shirley Miller House then go Starbucks .
go to Marcus Aurelius before going to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
avoid the Wayland until going to the Brown University .
avoid the Prince Engineering Lab until you go to the Brown Bear .
go through the Casey Shearer Memorial and navigate to the Gardner House .
avoid BERT and go to the Brown University Sciences Library .
go to Rhode Island Hall before going to Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to Minden Hall through J.W. Wilson
go to List Art Building
go through the Campus Market to University Hall .
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color and then to the Kassar House .
go to the 67 George . if you reached the 67 George then you may go to the Class of 1872 Gate .
go to the J.W. Wilson and avoid the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
always avoid Citizen's Bank and navigate to Lot 76 .
go to the Carrie Tower through the Wriston Quad .
navigate to the Finlandia .
avoid Quiet Green until after the Idee di pietra
go to the Friedman Hall without going to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
avoid Casey Shearer Memorial while traveling to Class of 1887 Gate .
go to the Kassar House and then go to the Brown University .
navigate to the Blue Room before going to Arnold Laboratory .
go from the Class of 1887 Gate to Van Wickle Gates
go to or through the Hughes Court while avoiding going through the Medical Research Lab
go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop then go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to the Maddock Alumni  .
go to or through the Maxcy Green . always avoid going to the Maxcy Green through 86 Waterman 
go through the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology before going to Simmons Quadrangle
travel to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
avoid the Faunce House while going to the Rockefeller Library .
avoid Van Wickle Gates and go to the 86 Waterman  .
navigate to the Maddock Alumni  while avoiding the Campus Market .
go to John Carter Brown Library . then go directly to Lot 18
go to the Metcalf Research Building via Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to the Carrie Tower before you go to Marston Hall .
go to J.W. Wilson and then go to the Friedman Hall .
avoid the John Nicholas Brown Gate until you go to the College Green .
go to the P-131317 through the Walter Hall .
navigate to the Rhode Island Hall but never go to the Brown Bear .
avoid Prospect House until going to Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to the Maxcy Hall through the Blue Room .
head to the Campus Market avoiding Carrie Tower .
avoid the Faunce House until you go to Starbucks .
go to the Maddock Alumni  .
proceed to Rhode Island Hall without going through the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
navigate through Lyman Hall and go to the Starbucks .
go to the Saint Stephens Church , then go to the Brown Bear .
avoid the Watson Center for Information Technology and navigate to the Littlefield Hall .
avoid the 86 Waterman  until going to Faunce House .
go through the Brown Bear to the Sayles Hall .
go to Medical Research Lab and then go to the John Hay Library .
navigate to the Slater Hall staying on the John Hay Library .
avoid 67 George and go to the Urban Environmental Lab .
go to the Simmons Quadrangle without going to the Brown Bear . if you reached the Simmons Quadrangle , now you can go to the Brown Bear .
avoid the Untitled Lamp/Bear and go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority . if you reached the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority then you may go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear , or just stay on the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to Littlefield Hall
avoid the Untitled Lamp/Bear as you go to the Idee di pietra .
avoid Prince Engineering Lab until going to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall
go to Prince Engineering Lab before going to the Brown Bear
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
navigate to the BERT .
avoid the Quiet Green until you go to the Van Wickle Gates .
pass through Salomon Center for Teaching before going to the Arnold Laboratory .
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching without going through the Watson Center for Information Technology . if you reached the Salomon Center for Teaching then you can go to the Watson Center for Information Technology , or be done .
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall before going to Arnold Laboratory
go to the Lippit House , then proceed to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
avoid the Robinson Gate until you go to Mencoff Hall .
go to Starbucks and then the BERT
go through the Sharpe Refectory before navigating to Robinson Hall .
go to the Lot 76 before going to the Starbucks .
go to the Kassar House through Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
navigate to Swearer Center for Public Service through the Sears .
go to the Class of 1887 Gate through Gardner House
stay on the Blue Room and go to the Citizen's Bank .
avoid Mencoff Hall and go to Lot 18 .
avoid Marston Hall and go to Slater Hall if you reached Slater Hall then you can go to Marston Hall .
avoid Blue Room until reaching the Campus Market .
always avoid Faunce House , and navigate to Metcalf Research Building .
go to Barus Building through the War Memorial .
go to College Green by going through Hope College
go through the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences to the Carrie Tower .
always go from the Horace Mann House to the Lot 76 .
go through the Prince Engineering Lab to Littlefield Hall .
go to Class of 1872 Gate .
go to Medical Research Lab but do not first go through the Brown University Sciences Library .
visit the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall and then proceed to the Wayland .
avoid Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology and go to the Wayland .
go to the Robinson Hall and avoid the Lot 17 .
go to the Wriston Quad
avoid the Slater Hall and the Circle Dance Sculpture and go to Slater Hall .
go to Prince Engineering Lab while staying on the Rockefeller Library .
go to the John Carter Brown Library .
navigate to the Starbucks then continue to Urban Environmental Lab .
go to or through the Hegeman while avoiding going through the 67 George
always navigate to Lot 18 and then proceed to Maddock Alumni  .
move to the Maxcy Green then continue to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go through Simmons Quadrangle to the Rhode Island Hall .
navigate to the Medical Research Lab while avoiding Marcus Aurelius .
go to the Finlandia .
avoid the P-131317 and travel to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to the List Art Building after going to the Carrie Tower .
avoid Marcus Aurelius until you go to Barus Building .
move to the Minden Hall , travelling through the Idee di pietra .
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go through Sayles Hall before going to the BERT .
go to the Sayles Hall first
navigate to the Robinson Gate staying on the List Art Building .
navigate to Untitled Lamp/Bear .
from the Manning , navigate to the Citizen's Bank .
go to the Circle Dance Sculpture while avoiding Brown Center for Students of Color
go to 1 Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop after Casey Shearer Memorial
navigate to the Lot 17 but never go to the Sharpe Refectory .
go to the Wriston Quad after you go to the Starbucks .
go to the Barus Building avoiding Saint Stephens Church .
always avoid the Lippit House while navigating to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Van Wickle Gates while avoiding War Memorial .
navigate to the Metcalf Research Building .
go from GeoChem and Macmillian Hall to Wayland .
avoid the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology until going to the Manning .
always pass through the Caswell Hall to get to Marston Hall .
always avoid the Brown Bear , go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to the Arnold Laboratory by first going through Salomon Center for Teaching .
move to Lyman Hall .
avoid the Brown University Sciences Library and go to the Manning . if you reached the Manning then you may go to the Brown University Sciences Library , or just stay on the Manning .
pass through the 67 George on your way to the Quiet Green .
go to Lyman Hall . then go directly to Shirley Miller House
go through Norwood House before going to the Barus Building .
go to the Wilbour Hall then move to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go through the Wayland to Slavery Memorial .
go to the Campus Market avoiding Walter Hall if you reached the Campus Market then you may go to Walter Hall .
go to the Littlefield Hall and avoid the Lot 17 .
navigate to the Carrie Tower before you go to War Memorial .
go through the John Hay Library to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to the Prince Engineering Lab through the Starbucks .
go through the Wriston Quad to the Robinson Gate .
go to the Robinson Hall after going to the Class of 1872 Gate .
navigate to Lyman Hall through the Slavery Memorial .
avoid the Mencoff Hall until you navigate to Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to the Slavery Memorial while avoiding Quiet Green
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop through Slater Hall .
go to Robinson Gate but avoid Wilbour Hall .
go through the Sharpe Refectory to the Rockefeller Library .
go to Wayland and avoid the Robinson Gate .
avoid the Lot 18 until you go to the Urban Environmental Lab .
avoid the Quiet Green until you go to the Wilbour Hall .
avoid Campus Market until after you go to Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to the Wayland from the Robinson Hall
navigate through J.W. Wilson to the Norwood House .
go to the Slavery Memorial without going to the Sharpe Refectory .
go through the John Hay Library to Idee di pietra .
move to the John Carter Brown Library .
avoid Alpha Chi Omega Sorority and go to Class of 1872 Gate if you 've reached Class of 1872 Gate then you can go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to Idee di pietra while always avoiding the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go through the Brown Center for Students of Color then to the Saint Stephens Church .
avoid the Brown University until going to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
navigate to the Marston Hall always passing through the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go through the Carrie Tower to the Hegeman .
go to Swearer Center for Public Service and then the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity
avoid going through Morgan Witter Rogers Gate until you go through the Brown Bear .
avoid Brown Bear and go to the Robinson Hall .
avoid Brown University Sciences Library until going to Sayles Hall .
go to Lippit House through the Lot 17 .
navigate to the Minden Hall .
navigate through Medical Research Lab then go to Marston Hall .
go to Finlandia after navigating to the Carrie Tower .
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate without going through the Brown Bear . if you reached the William Goddard Memorial Gate then you can go to the Brown Bear , or be done .
avoid Casey Shearer Memorial until going to the Hope College .
go to the War Memorial through the 86 Waterman  .
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority through War Memorial
go to the Blue Room and then to Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to the Caswell Hall and then go to the 67 George .
avoid the University Hall until Faunce House .
avoid the J.W. Wilson until you go to the Lippit House .
always avoid Van Wickle Gates and go to Finlandia .
go to Slater Hall and then to Hope College
go to the Brown University Sciences Library .
avoid Van Wickle Gates while going to the P-131317 .
go to the Quiet Green , then go to the Lincoln Field Building
go to the John Carter Brown Library by first visiting Sayles Hall .
avoid Robinson Hall and go to the Robinson Gate .
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop , and then go to the Metcalf Research Building .
go to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to the College Green before going to Walter Hall .
always avoid Soldiers Memorial Gate and go to Barus Building .
go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate through the Walter Hall
move to Class of 1872 Gate without entering the Soldiers Memorial Gate . then you may stay at Class of 1872 Gate or go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
avoid the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences and go to the Prince Engineering Lab .
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching
avoid the Arnold Laboratory until going to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go through the Horace Mann House to the Class of 1872 Gate .
go to Casey Shearer Memorial through the Wriston Quad .
navigate to the The Ivy Room before going to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop through John Nicholas Brown Gate
move toward the 67 George .
always avoid Idee di pietra and go to Campus Market .
go through the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop to Citizen's Bank .
from the Sharpe Refectory , navigate to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to the Lot 76 through the Marston Hall .
do n't go into the Robinson Gate until going to Salomon Center for Teaching
navigate to the Faunce House after going to the Prince Engineering Lab .
go through the Sears to Starbucks .
avoid Barus Building and go to the Rockefeller Library .
move to the Metcalf Research Building by going through the Faunce House
avoid the Sharpe Refectory until going to Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to the Slavery Memorial by first going through Brown University .
avoid the Van Wickle Gates until going to The Ivy Room .
go to or through the College Green always avoid going to the College Green through Gardner House
avoid the Hegeman and go to the Robinson Hall .
go to Brown Center for Students of Color
go from the Robinson Gate to BERT
go to the Friedman Hall without going to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology . if you reached the Friedman Hall , now you can go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go through Minden Hall to the Sears .
go to the Littlefield Hall while always avoiding Friedman Hall
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching before going to Quiet Green .
always avoid Wilbour Hall and go to Maddock Alumni  .
stay on the Salomon Center for Teaching and go to the Slavery Memorial .
move to Sharpe Refectory without leaving the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
pass through Norwood House before going to the University Hall .
go to the Brown Bear but do not go to Maxcy Hall .
go to Citizen's Bank through the Barus Building .
go to Salomon Center for Teaching but do not first pass through Campus Market .
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ without touching Walter Hall .
travel to Shirley Miller House .
go to J.W. Wilson and then to Hughes Court
go to the Rockefeller Library through Faunce House .
visit the Quiet Green then go to the Maddock Alumni  .
go to Wriston Quad then go to the Brown University .
robot , go to the Littlefield Hall .
go to Hughes Court through The Ivy Room .
avoid 67 George and go to the Rhode Island Hall .
go to the Lincoln Field Building and avoid Quiet Green .
proceed to War Memorial but avoid Hegeman on the way . if you have reached War Memorial then you can proceed to Hegeman .
go through the Watson Center for Information Technology to the Brown Bear .
proceed to Sears without going through the Slater Hall .
go to the Manning through the John Hay Library
go through the Sayles Hall first , then go to the Rhode Island Hall .
go to War Memorial and then go to the Marcus Aurelius .
proceed to Maxcy Hall without going through the BERT .
go to the Lyman Hall and avoid Manning .
go to the University Hall first
avoid the Lincoln Field Building and go to the Wayland .
navigate to the Metcalf Research Building before going to the John Hay Library .
go to Lot 18 via the Gardner House .
always go through the Lyman Hall before going to Barus Building .
avoid Hegeman and go to the Van Wickle Gates .
navigate to the Lot 76 by passing through the Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to the Barus Building , then go to the John Hay Library .
without stepping in the College Green , go to Lyman Hall .
go to Slavery Memorial before going to the William Goddard Memorial Gate
go to the Finlandia avoiding Maddock Alumni  .
move towards Quiet Green and then to Starbucks .
navigate to the Maddock Alumni  while avoiding the Horace Mann House .
advance to Littlefield Hall but always avoid the Faunce House .
always avoid going through the Shirley Miller House to the Gardner House
go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ before going to the Norwood House .
go through Starbucks before going to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
avoid the Starbucks and reach John Hay Library
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology before going to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to Class of 1887 Gate
go to the Maxcy Hall through the Brown University .
go to Prospect House and then to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology
from the Blue Room go to Lot 17 .
go from the Sharpe Refectory to Mencoff Hall
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity , avoiding Brown Center for Students of Color .
avoid the John Nicholas Brown Gate until going to J.W. Wilson .
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity then go to Simmons Quadrangle
avoid the Arnold Laboratory on the way to Metcalf Research Building .
go to the Sharpe Refectory .
from the Brown Center for Students of Color , navigate to Littlefield Hall .
navigate to the War Memorial .
go to the Friedman Hall and avoid the Van Wickle Gates .
go to Horace Mann House without going to Finlandia
go to the Hughes Court . if you reached the Hughes Court then you may go to the Slater Hall .
avoid the Manning until you go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
while always avoiding the Van Wickle Gates , go to Friedman Hall .
always avoid the Saint Stephens Church and go to the Maxcy Hall .
pass through the Mencoff Hall on your way to the Shirley Miller House .
always avoid John Nicholas Brown Gate and go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to College Green and then to Saint Stephens Church .
do n't go into the BERT until going to Minden Hall
go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate avoiding Arnold Laboratory .
go through the Starbucks before navigating to Citizen's Bank .
head to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to 1 The Ivy Room after Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences
avoid Class of 1872 Gate until navigating to John Hay Library .
go to the List Art Building via Arnold Laboratory .
go to Maxcy Green then go to Maxcy Green .
move to the P-131317 first then travel to Slater Hall .
go to Marcus Aurelius .
avoid the William Goddard Memorial Gate until going to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to the Walter Hall .
go to College Green through the Robinson Hall
always avoid Rhode Island Hall , and navigate to Prince Engineering Lab .
go to Medical Research Lab first , without passing through the Soldiers Memorial Gate
go through Shirley Miller House to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to Friedman Hall while avoiding the first and Prospect House .
go to the Minden Hall then go to the Brown University
avoid the Starbucks until reaching the Carrie Tower .
go to the Saint Stephens Church but avoid Caswell Hall .
go to Robinson Hall passing through the Blue Room .
avoid the University Hall on the way to Maddock Alumni  .
go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ and avoid the Marcus Aurelius .
avoid the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall until you go through the Slater Hall .
avoid the Caswell Hall until going to Marcus Aurelius .
go to the Swearer Center for Public Service only through the Friedman Hall
always pass BERT before John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go from the 86 Waterman  to the Brown Center for Students of Color
avoid the War Memorial on your way to Lyman Hall .
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop
navigate to the College Green while avoiding Class of 1872 Gate .
avoid Barus Building on your way to the Arnold Laboratory .
do not navigate away from the Soldiers Memorial Gate and go to the Finlandia .
go through Brown Bear before going to the Kassar House .
go to the Brown Bear but never go to the 86 Waterman  .
pass through 67 George before going to the Starbucks .
go to Lincoln Field Building while always avoiding the Marston Hall
always go to Circle Dance Sculpture before John Hay Library .
start on the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall , go directly to the Urban Environmental Lab .
go to the Sears by avoiding Brown Center for Students of Color if you reached the Sears , then you can proceed to Brown Center for Students of Color .
go from the Brown University Sciences Library to Sharpe Refectory .
avoid Finlandia and go to Watson Center for Information Technology if you reached Watson Center for Information Technology then you can go to Finlandia .
go through the Norwood House to John Hay Library .
avoid the Prospect House and go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to the Robinson Gate
avoid Faunce House until going to Class of 1887 Gate .
go to the Lippit House without going through the John Hay Library . if you reached the Lippit House then you can go to the John Hay Library , or be done .
go to the College Green while always avoiding the Kassar House
always avoid the Saint Stephens Church and go to Lincoln Field Building .
navigate through Lippit House and go to the Rockefeller Library .
go to Sharpe Refectory through the Rockefeller Library
avoid the Norwood House until after going to the Lyman Hall .
always avoid going to Wriston Quad through the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ
navigate to the Lot 18 avoiding Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology , then go to Robinson Gate .
move to the Maxcy Hall .
navigate to the Maxcy Hall while avoiding Mencoff Hall .
go to the Hegeman by first going through the Lyman Hall .
avoid List Art Building until you go to the P-131317 .
avoid the second and Slater Hall and go to the Manning .
go to Norwood House , then head to the Kassar House .
go to Casey Shearer Memorial through the Saint Stephens Church .
always avoid University Hall and go to the 86 Waterman  .
go to Marston Hall only through the College Green
go to Barus Building through the Van Wickle Gates
always go from the Sharpe Refectory to the BERT .
go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate without going through the Kassar House . if you reached the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate then you can go to the Kassar House , or be done .
go to the Gardner House while avoiding John Nicholas Brown Gate
go to the Saint Stephens Church through the 86 Waterman  .
avoid going through Kassar House until you go through the Casey Shearer Memorial .
avoid the Citizen's Bank until going to the Minden Hall .
go to the Arnold Laboratory always avoiding the University Hall .
navigate to Norwood House through the Arnold Laboratory .
without stepping in the Kassar House , go to Citizen's Bank .
avoid Metcalf Research Building until reaching the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to the 67 George while avoiding Mencoff Hall
go to the Campus Market , avoiding Kassar House .
go to the Prospect House while avoiding Sayles Hall
go to Blue Room through the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
avoid the Idee di pietra until you go to the Lippit House .
head to the Prospect House , but make sure to go through the Marston Hall first .
advance to Caswell Hall but always avoid the John Carter Brown Library .
navigate to the Brown University .
move to anywhere on the Casey Shearer Memorial , then move to anywhere on the John Carter Brown Library .
move to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology while avoiding the Manning .
avoid Norwood House and go to the Class of 1887 Gate .
go to the 67 George through GeoChem and Macmillian Hall
go to Carrie Tower through Medical Research Lab .
always go through the Marcus Aurelius before going to Barus Building .
navigate to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
move to Robinson Gate but avoid Barus Building .
go from the Finlandia to John Hay Library
always go through the John Nicholas Brown Gate and then to Sears .
go to the Van Wickle Gates and then to Minden Hall .
move to the Soldiers Memorial Gate but ensure to go to the Barus Building first .
go to Lot 17 , then go to Lincoln Field Building
always pass P-131317 to get to level 1 .
head to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate , but make sure to go through the Arnold Laboratory first .
avoid the second and Campus Market and go to the Shirley Miller House .
navigate to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity , avoiding Robinson Gate .
go to the College Green , avoiding Walter Hall .
avoid Idee di pietra until you go to Shirley Miller House .
go to Norwood House and proceed to Campus Market .
pass through Robinson Hall before going to the Marcus Aurelius .
go to the Wriston Quad while avoiding the Slavery Memorial
go to the Lot 17 and avoid BERT .
go through Simmons Quadrangle to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to the Maxcy Hall always avoiding the War Memorial .
move to Norwood House without leaving the 67 George .
avoid the Simmons Quadrangle until you navigate to the Rhode Island Hall .
stay on the Prospect House and navigate to William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to the Quiet Green and then go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
move to Class of 1887 Gate but avoid College Green .
go to John Hay Library before going to the Slavery Memorial .
go to the J.W. Wilson before you go to Blue Room .
go from the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology to the Salomon Center for Teaching
always avoid the Van Wickle Gates and go to the Prospect House .
navigate to Walter Hall through the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity through the Brown Bear
avoid Wilbour Hall and go to the Simmons Quadrangle .
go to Swearer Center for Public Service but remain on the Caswell Hall .
always avoid Urban Environmental Lab , and navigate to John Carter Brown Library .
move to the Hegeman and then move to Shirley Miller House .
go to Marcus Aurelius after going to Carrie Tower .
go to Urban Environmental Lab and avoid the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go through Brown Center for Students of Color to the Lot 17 .
navigate to the Brown Bear .
got to Urban Environmental Lab through the BERT .
go from the Marcus Aurelius to Barus Building
go to the Class of 1887 Gate while avoiding Idee di pietra .
go from the Sayles Hall to the Wilbour Hall
stay on the Lippit House while going to the Mencoff Hall .
go to Marcus Aurelius through the P-131317
go to the Rockefeller Library before you go to Arnold Laboratory .
go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ always avoiding the Robinson Gate .
go through Brown Bear before going to the Maxcy Hall .
go to Rhode Island Hall then Lippit House .
avoid Brown University Sciences Library and go to the Brown Bear .
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching through the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop
go to Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to the Friedman Hall but avoid War Memorial if you reached to the Friedman Hall then you can head to War Memorial or stay put .
do n't go into the College Green until going to Carrie Tower
go through the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences then to the Wriston Quad .
always avoid the Sears and go to P-131317 .
avoid Hope College until you have passed through The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ
always go through the Lot 17 to get to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
avoid Horace Mann House and go to the Faunce House .
go to Barus Building through Wilbour Hall .
go to the Gardner House always avoiding the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
navigate to the P-131317 .
go to Wriston Quad and then to Norwood House
avoid Casey Shearer Memorial until you go to John Carter Brown Library .
avoid College Green and go to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to Finlandia , avoid the Sears until you have been to the Finlandia
go to 86 Waterman  but always avoid John Hay Library .
go through the Lincoln Field Building before going to the Medical Research Lab .
go to the Sharpe Refectory
avoid Citizen's Bank until going to Brown Bear .
avoid the Finlandia until Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go through the Untitled Lamp/Bear to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
always go through The Ivy Room and then to the Citizen's Bank .
go to Minden Hall but always avoid J.W. Wilson .
avoid the Sharpe Refectory until going to the Sears .
go to War Memorial via the Prospect House .
go through the Faunce House before going to 67 George
avoid the Slavery Memorial on your way to the Untitled Lamp/Bear . once you get to the Untitled Lamp/Bear you can to the Slavery Memorial .
navigate directly to the Slater Hall .
stay on the Saint Stephens Church and go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to the Prospect House but never go to the War Memorial .
go to the Manning avoiding Campus Market .
navigate to the Brown University Sciences Library while avoiding the Simmons Quadrangle .
travel through the Sears then go to the Wriston Quad .
go to Watson Center for Information Technology through the Faunce House .
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity through the Hegeman .
move to the Marston Hall but ensure to go to the Quiet Green first .
always avoid Class of 1872 Gate and go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to Quiet Green through the War Memorial
always go through the Wayland and then to Maxcy Hall .
go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences
go to the Simmons Quadrangle after you go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
navigate to the Friedman Hall but do not pass through the Brown Bear .
navigate to Metcalf Research Building .
avoid Hope College while going to the Prince Engineering Lab .
avoid Brown University Sciences Library until you navigate to Finlandia .
go to John Nicholas Brown Gate and always avoid the Mencoff Hall
always avoid the Maddock Alumni  and travel to Gardner House .
avoid List Art Building until going to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
always avoid going to Marcus Aurelius through the Salomon Center for Teaching
always go through the Van Wickle Gates before going to University Hall .
avoid Shirley Miller House and move into the Class of 1887 Gate .
avoid Untitled Lamp/Bear until you go to the Carrie Tower .
go to Rockefeller Library , then go to Littlefield Hall .
always avoid the Brown University , go to the Littlefield Hall .
go to the Saint Stephens Church while avoiding Slavery Memorial
go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences without entering the Gardner House .
avoid Saint Stephens Church until reaching the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
avoid the Quiet Green until going to the Starbucks .
go through the Brown University then to the Kassar House .
go to Quiet Green then go to Untitled Lamp/Bear .
avoid the Maxcy Green until after you 've gone to the War Memorial .
avoid College Green until going to the University Hall .
go to Kassar House before navigating to the Marston Hall .
go to the Marston Hall .
avoid the Medical Research Lab and go to Kassar House
stay on the 86 Waterman  and go to Brown University Sciences Library .
go to the Blue Room through the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to the Maxcy Hall whilst avoiding the 86 Waterman  .
go to Idee di pietra .
go through Shirley Miller House then go to Maxcy Green .
go through the Minden Hall before going to Circle Dance Sculpture
go through BERT before going to the Shirley Miller House .
go to the Caswell Hall through the Lincoln Field Building
go to Robinson Hall through the Van Wickle Gates
move to Blue Room after moving to the Sayles Hall .
avoid the second and Quiet Green and go to the Faunce House .
go to the 86 Waterman  .
avoid the Class of 1872 Gate and go to Brown Bear if you reached the Brown Bear , you can now go to the Class of 1872 Gate or stay on Brown Bear .
go to Circle Dance Sculpture without first passing through Carrie Tower .
go to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
stay on the Circle Dance Sculpture while navigating to List Art Building .
go to or through the Marston Hall , but avoid going to the Marston Hall through the Prince Engineering Lab
first move to List Art Building then navigate to the Lincoln Field Building .
avoid the second and Finlandia and go to the Sayles Hall .
go to the Finlandia through the Citizen's Bank .
go directly to Rockefeller Library
go through the Idee di pietra to the Sharpe Refectory
go through 86 Waterman  before going to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
avoid the Marston Hall and go to the Robinson Gate .
go to Casey Shearer Memorial then go to Lot 18 .
avoid the William Goddard Memorial Gate until you go to Norwood House .
go to 1 Idee di pietra after Rhode Island Hall
move to the Caswell Hall and then move to Brown University Sciences Library .
avoid Lyman Hall until you navigate to Robinson Gate .
get to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate , while avoiding Rhode Island Hall
always avoid Faunce House and go through the Sharpe Refectory .
go to Wayland without going into the Finlandia
navigate to the Sayles Hall , and then navigate to the Norwood House .
always avoid the List Art Building and go to the Littlefield Hall .
go to College Green through the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
navigate to Blue Room .
go to the Starbucks
go through the Rhode Island Hall and navigate to the Brown Bear .
go through the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology , then make your way to Norwood House .
always avoid Lyman Hall and go to Brown University Sciences Library .
go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate by first going through the Gardner House .
approach the Wayland while avoiding the Campus Market .
go to the Robinson Gate from the List Art Building
go to P-131317 then Brown Center for Students of Color .
go from Maxcy Hall to Quiet Green .
from the Norwood House , navigate to the Littlefield Hall .
go to the Hegeman .
go through the Citizen's Bank to the Campus Market .
go to Hughes Court after navigating to the Medical Research Lab .
always avoid the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ , go to Lot 18 .
go to the Van Wickle Gates , then go to the Maxcy Green
go from the Marston Hall to the Maxcy Green .
always avoid going to Medical Research Lab through the Minden Hall
avoid University Hall until navigating to the War Memorial .
visit the Saint Stephens Church then go to the Caswell Hall .
navigate to the Hughes Court by passing through the Finlandia .
go to the Slavery Memorial
go to the Lot 76 before going to John Hay Library
go to or through the Simmons Quadrangle always avoid going to the Simmons Quadrangle through the Salomon Center for Teaching
go to Casey Shearer Memorial through the Quiet Green .
go from the The Ivy Room to Finlandia
navigate to the Manning by passing through the BERT .
avoid Gardner House while going to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Brown University Sciences Library while avoiding the Hegeman
avoid Brown Bear while going to the BERT .
avoid the Shirley Miller House until going to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
navigate to the Starbucks always avoiding the Brown Center for Students of Color .
navigate to the Norwood House .
go from the William Goddard Memorial Gate to the Marston Hall
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate
go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority and then go to the Wayland .
navigate to Wriston Quad .
go to the Hope College while avoiding Van Wickle Gates
go to the Blue Room .
move to the Sears but go through Citizen's Bank first .
avoid the Swearer Center for Public Service and go to Sears .
avoid the Swearer Center for Public Service and go to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate through the Lot 18 .
proceed to Hughes Court without going through the Maxcy Hall .
go through Slater Hall then go to John Hay Library .
stay on the Circle Dance Sculpture and go to University Hall .
head to the Quiet Green but first go to the Urban Environmental Lab .
go to the Sharpe Refectory .
go to the Blue Room through the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to the Slavery Memorial .
go to the Arnold Laboratory .
go to the Rhode Island Hall and if you have reached the Rhode Island Hall you may proceed to the Class of 1872 Gate or stay in the Rhode Island Hall .
go to the Wayland by first going through the Slavery Memorial .
navigate to the Brown Bear .
go to Lyman Hall and then to Saint Stephens Church
go to Circle Dance Sculpture after navigating to the Wayland .
go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to Lincoln Field Building , but never through it
stay on the Marcus Aurelius to get to Carrie Tower .
go to Horace Mann House before going to the 86 Waterman  .
always avoid Slater Hall and navigate to the Robinson Hall .
avoid Hughes Court until after you go to Maxcy Hall .
go to Rhode Island Hall before Lot 17 .
go to List Art Building from the Brown University only .
go to Mencoff Hall after navigating to the Simmons Quadrangle .
avoid Wriston Quad until you go to the Gardner House .
go to the Sharpe Refectory and then navigate to the Lot 18 .
go to Quiet Green while avoiding going through any other objects
avoid the second and Littlefield Hall and go to the Prospect House .
go to the Idee di pietra and avoid Medical Research Lab .
go to the Faunce House while always avoiding Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop
go through Lot 76 to the Arnold Laboratory .
avoid Class of 1872 Gate until you go to Class of 1887 Gate .
go from the Van Wickle Gates to the Maxcy Green .
go to Untitled Lamp/Bear but do not enter the Kassar House first .
avoid the Prospect House until after you 've gone to the Quiet Green .
do not navigate away from the Class of 1887 Gate and go to the Urban Environmental Lab .
stay on the Littlefield Hall and go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to Prospect House , before going to Idee di pietra .
move to University Hall without entering the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences . then you may stay at University Hall or go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
first navigate to the Urban Environmental Lab , then make your way to the Caswell Hall .
avoid the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ and go to the Shirley Miller House . if you reached the Shirley Miller House then you may go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ , or just stay on the Shirley Miller House .
go to the Lincoln Field Building .
navigate to the Urban Environmental Lab always avoiding the Lippit House .
go to the Casey Shearer Memorial whilst avoiding the Finlandia .
go to Lincoln Field Building and always avoid the Minden Hall
navigate to the Brown Bear before going to the Shirley Miller House .
always go through the 86 Waterman  to get to the Robinson Gate .
navigate to the Watson Center for Information Technology but do not pass through the Manning .
pass through the Watson Center for Information Technology on your way to the John Hay Library .
go to the Hegeman through the Prospect House
go to the Brown Bear .
move to the Gardner House .
navigate to the Class of 1872 Gate but do n't ever go to Hughes Court .
get to Prince Engineering Lab , while avoiding Marston Hall
avoid the Metcalf Research Building until you go to Brown University Sciences Library .
go to the Brown Bear while avoiding the Friedman Hall
go to the Rockefeller Library .
go to Metcalf Research Building .
avoid the Swearer Center for Public Service and go to Wilbour Hall .
move to the P-131317 while avoiding the Horace Mann House .
go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop and avoid the Brown Bear .
go to the Hughes Court while avoiding Maddock Alumni 
go to the Rhode Island Hall through Carrie Tower .
avoid Wilbour Hall until you go to Class of 1872 Gate .
avoid the Urban Environmental Lab on your way to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority . once you get to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority you can to the Urban Environmental Lab .
go to the Rhode Island Hall .
first move to Swearer Center for Public Service then navigate to the The Ivy Room .
move to the Caswell Hall first then travel to Rhode Island Hall .
go to the Arnold Laboratory avoiding William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to the Quiet Green .
go to Lot 17 and then go to the Kassar House .
go to the Blue Room without going to the Metcalf Research Building .
go to Marcus Aurelius
always go through the Robinson Gate to get to the Marston Hall .
go to the Lot 17 then go to the Starbucks
avoid the Hegeman until going to the Hope College .
go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
visit the Lippit House then go to the Horace Mann House .
do not go into the Faunce House until going to Sharpe Refectory
navigate to Prince Engineering Lab , always avoiding The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to the Lyman Hall through the Manning
avoid the Sharpe Refectory until going to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go through the Medical Research Lab to Robinson Gate .
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority through the Brown University .
navigate to the Manning .
go to or through the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall always avoid going through the Urban Environmental Lab
avoid Class of 1872 Gate until you go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
move to the Soldiers Memorial Gate and then head to Sayles Hall .
navigate to Casey Shearer Memorial through the College Green .
avoid Circle Dance Sculpture until you go to the Slavery Memorial .
navigate to the Idee di pietra staying on the Brown Center for Students of Color .
navigate to the Sharpe Refectory then continue to Marcus Aurelius .
always avoid the Brown Bear while navigating to the Lot 18 .
avoid Carrie Tower and go to The Ivy Room .
navigate to the Brown Bear .
avoid the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop until you go to the Robinson Gate .
avoid the Lot 76 until going to the Lot 18 .
go to Maddock Alumni 
go to Lyman Hall first , without passing through the Kassar House
go to the Lincoln Field Building
avoid the Saint Stephens Church until reaching Van Wickle Gates .
go to List Art Building
go from Hegeman to Sharpe Refectory .
go to the Circle Dance Sculpture before you go to Wriston Quad .
avoid Saint Stephens Church and go to John Carter Brown Library .
go to Brown Center for Students of Color then Urban Environmental Lab .
navigate through Carrie Tower to the The Ivy Room .
go to the Walter Hall avoiding Faunce House .
go through Wriston Quad then go to Finlandia .
go through Brown University Sciences Library before going to the Lot 76 .
go to the Van Wickle Gates while avoiding Medical Research Lab
navigate from the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
avoid Gardner House until reaching the Kassar House .
move to the Lot 17 and then move to Class of 1887 Gate .
always avoid Van Wickle Gates and navigate to the Saint Stephens Church .
navigate to the Carrie Tower .
go to the Wriston Quad .
go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate
avoid the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority until going to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to Faunce House passing through the Slavery Memorial .
avoid the Starbucks until you navigate to Metcalf Research Building .
always go through Lyman Hall and then to the John Hay Library .
avoid the Carrie Tower and go to Prospect House .
avoid the Brown University Sciences Library until reaching the University Hall .
go to Gardner House and then to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences
move to the Gardner House without leaving the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
move to John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to the Maxcy Green while avoiding College Green and the College Green
go to John Hay Library then go to Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to the Faunce House avoiding Maddock Alumni  .
go to Maxcy Hall .
go to Robinson Hall then go to Sears .
go to the The Ivy Room while avoiding P-131317 .
move to Class of 1887 Gate , but go through the Friedman Hall first .
avoid the Maxcy Hall until after you 've gone to the Manning .
move to the Starbucks first then travel to Rockefeller Library .
avoid the Maxcy Hall and go to Blue Room .
go to the John Hay Library through the Campus Market .
avoid the Lyman Hall on your way to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop . once you get to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop you can to the Lyman Hall .
go to the Slater Hall without going to Slater Hall .
go to Walter Hall via the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall
go to the J.W. Wilson through the Finlandia
go to the Brown University by first visiting Robinson Hall .
go through Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop then go to Saint Stephens Church .
navigate to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology through the Quiet Green .
go through the Wayland then to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
avoid Horace Mann House and go to Soldiers Memorial Gate .
navigate to Robinson Hall , always avoiding Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to the John Hay Library before going to the John Carter Brown Library
always avoid John Nicholas Brown Gate while going to Friedman Hall .
remain on the Sears and go directly to the 86 Waterman  .
always go through the Robinson Hall and then to Hughes Court .
avoid the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity and go to Robinson Hall .
avoid the Lyman Hall until you go to the Blue Room .
go to the Norwood House and if you have reached the Norwood House you may proceed to the Marston Hall or stay in the Norwood House .
go through the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ to get to Kassar House
avoid John Nicholas Brown Gate until going to the Rockefeller Library .
avoid List Art Building and go to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
avoid Brown Bear and go to Citizen's Bank .
avoid the Van Wickle Gates on your way to the Minden Hall . once you get to the Minden Hall you can to the Van Wickle Gates .
navigate to the Hope College before you go to Quiet Green .
start on the Marston Hall and move directly to Maxcy Green .
go to Simmons Quadrangle .
navigate to the Citizen's Bank through the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
always avoid the Brown Center for Students of Color and go to the Lot 17 .
go to Lot 18 and avoid the John Hay Library .
go through John Hay Library to Maxcy Hall .
go to War Memorial avoiding the John Nicholas Brown Gate . then go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate or stay on War Memorial .
move to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
avoid the Saint Stephens Church until reaching Maxcy Hall .
avoid the Starbucks until going to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to Walter Hall from the Lincoln Field Building only .
go to the Hegeman
go to the Idee di pietra only through the Metcalf Research Building
go to the Starbucks while avoiding the Walter Hall
approach the John Hay Library while avoiding the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
stay on the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity and go to Starbucks .
go through Maddock Alumni  to the Arnold Laboratory .
go to or through the William Goddard Memorial Gate always avoid going through the Van Wickle Gates
go to Urban Environmental Lab by going through Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop
go to Blue Room then go to the Wilbour Hall .
go to the Brown Bear by first going through the Walter Hall .
navigate to the Kassar House but never go to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to the Friedman Hall and then to Van Wickle Gates .
avoid the Slater Hall until you go to the Maddock Alumni  .
go to John Carter Brown Library without going in the Horace Mann House
go to the Simmons Quadrangle through the Hughes Court
avoid Lot 76 until going to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to the Robinson Gate while avoiding Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to the Rockefeller Library avoiding College Green .
go to the Kassar House .
go to the Lot 17 without going through the Faunce House .
avoid Carrie Tower until going to the Wayland .
go to the Shirley Miller House , then navigate to the Lot 76 .
avoid the Brown University Sciences Library and go to Slater Hall .
go through The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ to the Brown Bear .
avoid the Soldiers Memorial Gate and go to Slater Hall if you reached the Slater Hall , you can now go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate or stay on Slater Hall .
always avoid BERT and go to Brown University Sciences Library .
go to the John Carter Brown Library .
approach the Brown University while avoiding the Maxcy Hall .
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity and avoid GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to a spot in the College Green , but do n't touch Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to the Norwood House through the Sayles Hall .
avoid the Sharpe Refectory and go to Brown University .
go through John Nicholas Brown Gate to the Brown University Sciences Library .
go through Untitled Lamp/Bear before going to the Prospect House .
always avoid Sears and go to John Hay Library .
avoid Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology until going to The Ivy Room .
navigate to the Manning .
pass through Brown University before going to the Kassar House .
avoid Idee di pietra on your way to the Kassar House .
avoid the Lot 18 until you enter the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to the Van Wickle Gates then go to the Hope College .
go directly to Kassar House .
proceed to the Rhode Island Hall .
move to the Sayles Hall .
go to the Maxcy Hall while avoiding Mencoff Hall .
go to Lot 76 before going to the Hegeman .
go through the William Goddard Memorial Gate to Barus Building .
avoid the War Memorial on your way to the Wilbour Hall . once you get to the Wilbour Hall you can to the War Memorial .
always avoid the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate and go to the University Hall .
go to the Saint Stephens Church and then to Hughes Court .
move to Metcalf Research Building without leaving the Robinson Gate .
go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ , then go to Lippit House .
move to the Watson Center for Information Technology then continue to the Saint Stephens Church .
go to the Gardner House through the Norwood House
avoid the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority until going to the Prospect House .
go to or through the Quiet Green always avoid going to the Quiet Green through Wayland
visit the Simmons Quadrangle then go to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate before going to College Green
go to the Swearer Center for Public Service then go to the Quiet Green
go to the 67 George through University Hall .
go to the Wayland , then go to the Circle Dance Sculpture
go to the Prospect House .
go to the Prince Engineering Lab before going to Robinson Gate
go to the John Carter Brown Library without going to the Lippit House . if you reached the John Carter Brown Library , now you can go to the Lippit House .
move to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to Horace Mann House while avoiding going through any other objects
go to the John Hay Library whilst avoiding the Campus Market .
navigate to the Prospect House after going to the Class of 1872 Gate .
start on the William Goddard Memorial Gate , go directly to the Carrie Tower .
go to the J.W. Wilson through Brown University .
from the Quiet Green go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
head to the Campus Market .
go through the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall to Brown University .
go to Faunce House .
stay on the J.W. Wilson and navigate to Norwood House .
do not go to John Nicholas Brown Gate until going to BERT
move to BERT but avoid List Art Building .
go to the Shirley Miller House through Carrie Tower
move to Mencoff Hall without leaving the Brown Bear .
go to the Lyman Hall through The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to the Marston Hall through the Brown Bear
move to the Quiet Green .
avoid College Green until navigating to the Carrie Tower .
avoid John Carter Brown Library and go to the Finlandia .
avoid the P-131317 until going to Citizen's Bank .
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop while avoiding the Brown University Sciences Library
go through the Sayles Hall to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to Saint Stephens Church then go to the Brown Bear .
avoid the Wriston Quad until going to the Quiet Green .
navigate to the Shirley Miller House .
go through Blue Room before going to the BERT .
avoid Campus Market until you pass through Starbucks .
go to Hope College
go to the Sharpe Refectory without going to Campus Market .
move to the Horace Mann House but ensure to go to the Gardner House first .
go to or through the Wriston Quad always avoid going to the Wriston Quad through Slavery Memorial
go to the Lot 18 after you go to the Simmons Quadrangle .
navigate to the Rhode Island Hall .
go through the BERT , then make your way to Casey Shearer Memorial .
go through The Ivy Room to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Carrie Tower .
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority through the Wriston Quad
go to Van Wickle Gates avoiding the List Art Building . then go to the List Art Building or stay on Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Robinson Gate and then go to the Campus Market .
always avoid 86 Waterman  and go to the Wilbour Hall .
go to 1 Alpha Chi Omega Sorority after Lot 18
go to the Prince Engineering Lab through Class of 1887 Gate .
navigate to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall then continue to Littlefield Hall .
always avoid going to Norwood House through the Littlefield Hall
go to the Hughes Court always avoiding the Sears .
avoid Brown Center for Students of Color until navigating to the Horace Mann House .
go to Mencoff Hall through the Rockefeller Library
go to 86 Waterman  . then go directly to Marcus Aurelius
go to Slater Hall without going into the John Hay Library
go to the Slater Hall through the Lippit House .
always avoid going to Lot 18 through the Starbucks
go to the P-131317 through the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority
always avoid going to Simmons Quadrangle through the Blue Room
always avoid the Brown Bear , go to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to Robinson Gate through the John Nicholas Brown Gate
avoid Walter Hall and go to the Lyman Hall .
avoid the Lot 76 and go to Caswell Hall .
go through the Hegeman to get to Maxcy Green
go to the Marcus Aurelius while always avoiding the Rhode Island Hall
go to the Starbucks but do not go to Finlandia .
go to the Maxcy Green before you go to Faunce House .
go to the The Ivy Room before going to Van Wickle Gates
go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
always pass Prospect House to get to level 1 .
go to Sharpe Refectory .
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ by touching the Slater Hall .
go to the Van Wickle Gates through the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to or through the Circle Dance Sculpture while avoiding going through the Metcalf Research Building
avoid Prince Engineering Lab and go to the Prospect House .
go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop and avoid 2nd and Robinson Hall
go to Urban Environmental Lab while always avoiding the Brown University .
navigate to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
avoid the Rockefeller Library until you go to Kassar House .
go to the John Hay Library while avoiding Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences
go to Marston Hall
always go through Wayland and then to the Hegeman .
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity by first going to the Brown University .
avoid the Wriston Quad and go to the The Ivy Room .
avoid the second and Brown Center for Students of Color and go to the John Hay Library .
first go to the Class of 1872 Gate and then go to Citizen's Bank .
navigate to the Lot 76 while avoiding Simmons Quadrangle .
avoid Caswell Hall and move into the Class of 1887 Gate .
go to Soldiers Memorial Gate
go to the Walter Hall through the Manning
go to the Gardner House avoiding the Brown Bear . only if you reached the Gardner House then you may proceed to the Brown Bear .
go to the Friedman Hall through the Carrie Tower .
always avoid Barus Building and go to the Friedman Hall .
avoid Norwood House and go to the Robinson Hall .
go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate while always avoiding the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to the John Hay Library through Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go through Simmons Quadrangle on your way to the Idee di pietra .
go through the John Hay Library before going to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences
go to the Medical Research Lab while avoiding the Hope College .
go through Lot 18 before going to the Hughes Court .
avoid Norwood House and go to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
move to the John Carter Brown Library .
navigate to the Class of 1872 Gate .
go to the John Hay Library
go to anywhere on the Slater Hall .
navigate to the Saint Stephens Church .
go to College Green before going to the Manning .
go to the Starbucks avoiding the Starbucks . if you reached the Carrie Tower you can stay there , or head to the Starbucks .
go to the Minden Hall without going to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to the Mencoff Hall through Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to the Circle Dance Sculpture through J.W. Wilson
avoid Brown University until you navigate to Soldiers Memorial Gate .
travel to Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Class of 1887 Gate through the University Hall
go to Maxcy Green , but do not go to Casey Shearer Memorial .
while always avoiding the Littlefield Hall , go to Hughes Court .
go to Mencoff Hall after going to Lyman Hall .
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching by first visiting Wayland .
go through Class of 1887 Gate and navigate to the Lyman Hall .
go to the Sharpe Refectory and then go to the Maxcy Green .
go to War Memorial and avoid the Manning .
from the Quiet Green go to Sayles Hall .
go to Lot 18 through Littlefield Hall
go to Van Wickle Gates then go to the Quiet Green .
go to the Sayles Hall
go to Manning then Rhode Island Hall .
navigate directly to the Kassar House .
go to Finlandia
go to the Brown University Sciences Library and then navigate to the University Hall .
navigate directly to BERT .
go to Lincoln Field Building while always avoiding the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
navigate to the Sayles Hall via the Van Wickle Gates .
go from Minden Hall to Maxcy Hall .
go to the Class of 1887 Gate while avoiding List Art Building
go to or through the John Nicholas Brown Gate always avoid going to the John Nicholas Brown Gate through the Littlefield Hall
go to the Hope College , then head to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to Gardner House via the Hegeman .
go to Horace Mann House .
avoid the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ until going to the Sayles Hall .
go to University Hall before going to the Sharpe Refectory .
go to John Hay Library without entering the Mencoff Hall .
go to Norwood House through the Blue Room .
go to the Van Wickle Gates by first going through the Starbucks .
avoid the Norwood House and go to the 86 Waterman  .
avoid Citizen's Bank until you go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
avoid Carrie Tower and go to Simmons Quadrangle .
navigate to the Mencoff Hall always passing through the The Ivy Room .
move to the Littlefield Hall but go through Rhode Island Hall first .
avoid the first and Slater Hall and go to J.W. Wilson .
go to the Friedman Hall .
go to Norwood House through the List Art Building
avoid Littlefield Hall on your way to the Horace Mann House .
stay on the Minden Hall and go to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
avoid Robinson Gate until you navigate to Class of 1887 Gate .
visit the Maddock Alumni  and then proceed to the Brown Bear .
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop
go to Circle Dance Sculpture
stay on the Prince Engineering Lab while navigating to Van Wickle Gates .
avoid Shirley Miller House and go to Manning .
move to the Class of 1872 Gate and then move to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to the Robinson Hall before going to Robinson Gate
avoid Carrie Tower and go to the Marston Hall .
go to Watson Center for Information Technology while staying on the Sears .
go to the Caswell Hall .
pass through Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity on your way to the Class of 1872 Gate .
go through the Lincoln Field Building to Marston Hall .
avoid the Maxcy Green until you reach Sears .
go to the Starbucks before you go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to the Idee di pietra while always avoiding the Citizen's Bank .
go to Prospect House but do not enter the Brown University Sciences Library first .
go to University Hall through the William Goddard Memorial Gate
go to Lyman Hall but do not enter the Class of 1887 Gate first .
move to the Campus Market , travelling through the Slater Hall .
always avoid the Lippit House and go to the Gardner House .
go through Lot 17 to the Horace Mann House .
navigate to the John Hay Library .
always avoid Wayland and go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to the John Carter Brown Library avoiding the Slavery Memorial .
go to the Lot 17 and avoid Prospect House .
go up to the Citizen's Bank without going to Blue Room .
avoid the List Art Building and reach Lot 17
go to the Quiet Green .
first go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences and then go to Manning .
navigate to Sears .
always pass Lincoln Field Building to get to level 1 .
go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate through the Saint Stephens Church
go to the Blue Room without going to Shirley Miller House .
go to the University Hall while avoiding the Starbucks
avoid the Starbucks until you go to the Lot 17 .
go from the Arnold Laboratory to the Caswell Hall
avoid Sayles Hall and go to the Blue Room .
avoid the Horace Mann House until after going to the 67 George .
navigate to the Faunce House after going to the Wilbour Hall .
go to Swearer Center for Public Service through Class of 1887 Gate
avoid the Swearer Center for Public Service until going to the Brown Bear .
go to Marston Hall , avoid the Medical Research Lab until you have been to the Marston Hall
navigate to the Maxcy Hall before going to University Hall .
go to the Kassar House .
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop through the Urban Environmental Lab
move to the Circle Dance Sculpture but go through Sayles Hall first .
go from the Prince Engineering Lab to the Hughes Court
go through the Walter Hall to get to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate
avoid the Walter Hall until after navigating to the Prospect House .
avoid BERT until you navigate to Medical Research Lab .
head to the Manning without going through the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall
go to the College Green without going to College Green .
go to the Lincoln Field Building before going to Sharpe Refectory .
go to the Carrie Tower through the The Ivy Room .
go to Blue Room
approach the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ while avoiding the Sharpe Refectory .
avoid the Prince Engineering Lab until you enter the Hegeman .
avoid the Barus Building
go to the Class of 1887 Gate while avoiding the Carrie Tower .
avoid John Hay Library and proceed to Brown Center for Students of Color
from the Lot 76 , navigate to Maddock Alumni  .
avoid Casey Shearer Memorial and go to the Lippit House .
go to the Hughes Court and then to the Slavery Memorial .
always avoid the Maxcy Hall and go to the Friedman Hall .
go to the The Ivy Room and then to BERT .
avoid the Watson Center for Information Technology and go to the Faunce House .
go to List Art Building while avoiding the Maxcy Green .
go to Kassar House through the Salomon Center for Teaching .
avoid Slavery Memorial until after you go to Brown University Sciences Library .
without stepping in the Starbucks , go to Prince Engineering Lab .
avoid Hughes Court and go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority , then go to Citizen's Bank .
go to the Rockefeller Library and then go to Littlefield Hall .
go from the Hegeman to the Simmons Quadrangle
go to College Green and then the Gardner House
go to the List Art Building .
stay on the John Nicholas Brown Gate while navigating to Saint Stephens Church .
avoid the Lot 18 until going to the Shirley Miller House .
navigate from the Salomon Center for Teaching to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to Finlandia then go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to the Manning but avoid Walter Hall .
go to Robinson Gate through the Marcus Aurelius .
move to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority without leaving the Lot 17 .
navigate to Slavery Memorial through the Manning .
go to the Brown Bear without going to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology . if you reached the Brown Bear , now you can go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
navigate to Walter Hall , always avoiding The Ivy Room .
avoid the Caswell Hall until going to the Van Wickle Gates .
always avoid going through Manning
go to Arnold Laboratory , then go to Walter Hall .
move to the Starbucks .
avoid Gardner House and go to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to College Green before going to Wilbour Hall
always avoid Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences and go to the Slavery Memorial .
navigate to the Caswell Hall .
avoid Carrie Tower until going to the Arnold Laboratory .
avoid Brown University Sciences Library and go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall if you have reached GeoChem and Macmillian Hall then you can go to Brown University Sciences Library .
go to the Mencoff Hall through Morgan Witter Rogers Gate
go to Brown Center for Students of Color and then to Lot 17 .
navigate directly to Marston Hall .
navigate to the Horace Mann House .
avoid the Class of 1872 Gate
avoid Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop and go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
navigate to the Brown Bear through the Lot 18 .
go to 1 Rockefeller Library after Watson Center for Information Technology
move to anywhere on the Marcus Aurelius , then move to anywhere on the Campus Market .
go to Starbucks , but never through it
go to University Hall by first going to the Starbucks .
go through Swearer Center for Public Service to the Saint Stephens Church .
go through Slavery Memorial to the Lippit House .
go through the Casey Shearer Memorial before navigating to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go through the Marston Hall to the John Carter Brown Library .
visit the Quiet Green then go to the Mencoff Hall .
avoid Marcus Aurelius and go to the Maxcy Hall .
go to The Ivy Room before navigating to the Lippit House .
avoid the Walter Hall and go to the Hegeman .
avoid Mencoff Hall and go to the University Hall .
remain on the Mencoff Hall and navigate to the Maddock Alumni  .
go to or through the Prince Engineering Lab , but avoid going to the Prince Engineering Lab through the Rhode Island Hall
move to Arnold Laboratory but avoid John Hay Library .
start on the Soldiers Memorial Gate , go directly to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to Brown Center for Students of Color through the Robinson Gate .
always avoid John Hay Library and go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to the Kassar House avoiding the Hegeman .
avoid Manning and go to Metcalf Research Building .
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching while avoiding John Hay Library
head to the Wayland and then head to the Blue Room .
go to Brown Center for Students of Color .
avoid Gardner House and go to Wilbour Hall .
stay on the Wilbour Hall and go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to the University Hall .
go to the Hughes Court .
move toward the Lot 18 .
go to the Wilbour Hall but do not enter the Brown University Sciences Library first .
go through the 86 Waterman  to the Friedman Hall .
navigate to the Hope College .
navigate to the John Carter Brown Library .
avoid the Gardner House until going through Manning .
go to Barus Building and then the Wriston Quad
navigate to the Simmons Quadrangle before going to the Brown Bear .
go to the BERT while avoiding P-131317 .
go through the J.W. Wilson then to the Minden Hall .
go to the Rockefeller Library and then go to the Class of 1872 Gate .
go through the Idee di pietra to List Art Building .
avoid Brown Center for Students of Color until going to Robinson Gate .
avoid the J.W. Wilson until you reach Brown University .
go to Soldiers Memorial Gate through the Arnold Laboratory
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching before going to Circle Dance Sculpture .
remain on the Urban Environmental Lab and go directly to the Norwood House .
move to the Brown University Sciences Library and then the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
stay on the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall while going to the Brown University .
go to the Hope College while avoiding the Marston Hall
go from the Norwood House to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
avoid the Starbucks until going to the Marcus Aurelius .
avoid the Caswell Hall and go to the Barus Building . if you reached the Barus Building then you may go to the Caswell Hall , or just stay on the Barus Building .
go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate and then go to Minden Hall .
go to Lot 17 , then up to Maxcy Green .
go to the Lippit House
go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ before going to Soldiers Memorial Gate
go through Metcalf Research Building to Lippit House .
stay away from the Sears and go to Brown Bear .
always avoid Untitled Lamp/Bear and go to the Marcus Aurelius .
go to the Littlefield Hall but avoid Untitled Lamp/Bear .
always go to Quiet Green before The Ivy Room .
go through the Carrie Tower before going to 86 Waterman 
avoid the Citizen's Bank until going through 86 Waterman  .
navigate to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to P-131317 through the Maxcy Hall
avoid the Friedman Hall until going to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
avoid List Art Building and go to Lincoln Field Building .
from the Untitled Lamp/Bear , navigate to Lyman Hall .
go through the Sayles Hall to the Quiet Green .
go to the Lot 18 .
go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop before going to Medical Research Lab
go to the 67 George and go down to the List Art Building .
go to the Minden Hall , then go to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
always go to Sayles Hall before navigating to the Slavery Memorial .
always avoid going through Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop
go to the Slater Hall before going to Citizen's Bank .
always avoid the Van Wickle Gates and navigate to the Horace Mann House .
go to Lot 18 but do not first pass through Rhode Island Hall .
go from the Barus Building to Slater Hall
go to the Lippit House while always avoiding the Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall before going to College Green .
go to Norwood House without going to Marston Hall
go to the Lot 18 but avoid Quiet Green .
go to the Horace Mann House , then go to the Barus Building .
avoid the first and 86 Waterman  and go to Barus Building .
visit Prince Engineering Lab but do n't leave the Wilbour Hall .
avoid the Idee di pietra until going to the Littlefield Hall .
go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity but remain on the Robinson Hall .
move to the Lyman Hall avoiding Alpha Chi Omega Sorority if you got to the Lyman Hall then you can continue to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
avoid the Lippit House and navigate to the Hope College .
go through Wayland then go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to the Brown University and avoid the Lippit House .
go to the John Hay Library
move to the Prospect House and then the Brown University .
start on the Marston Hall and move directly to Sayles Hall .
go from the List Art Building to the Van Wickle Gates
avoid Caswell Hall and go to the Rockefeller Library .
move to the Sharpe Refectory , travelling through the Brown Bear .
go through the William Goddard Memorial Gate before navigating to Rockefeller Library .
avoid the Citizen's Bank until after you 've gone to the Van Wickle Gates .
always go through the Brown Bear and then to Class of 1872 Gate .
avoid Circle Dance Sculpture until you go to the Lot 17 .
visit the Medical Research Lab and then move to the Lincoln Field Building .
move to Walter Hall without entering the Faunce House . then you may stay at Walter Hall or go to the Faunce House .
go to Metcalf Research Building through the John Hay Library .
go to Slavery Memorial before going to the Robinson Hall
go to Wayland .
go to Medical Research Lab by first going to the Prospect House .
go to John Hay Library and then go to the Quiet Green .
go through Circle Dance Sculpture to the Citizen's Bank .
go to the Lyman Hall then go to the Blue Room
travel to the Rhode Island Hall and then go to Hegeman .
go to Starbucks without going into the Maxcy Hall
go to the Sayles Hall through Mencoff Hall
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology
navigate to the Maxcy Hall .
navigate to the 86 Waterman  .
go to the Lot 17 through the BERT .
go to the Sharpe Refectory .
go to Van Wickle Gates without first passing through Metcalf Research Building .
go to the Brown University Sciences Library after going to the Carrie Tower .
go to the Horace Mann House before going to Gardner House
navigate through The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ and go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
navigate to the Hegeman , avoiding Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to the Prince Engineering Lab
go through the Hughes Court to Slater Hall .
go to or through the William Goddard Memorial Gate always avoid going through the Citizen's Bank
go through the Sharpe Refectory to The Ivy Room .
navigate to the Lyman Hall always avoiding the Sharpe Refectory .
go to Swearer Center for Public Service before going in the Wilbour Hall
navigate to the John Carter Brown Library , and then navigate to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
navigate to the Walter Hall then continue to Rhode Island Hall .
travel to the Maxcy Green and then go to Walter Hall .
avoid the Lot 18 and go to the Mencoff Hall .
go to Carrie Tower through the Simmons Quadrangle
avoid Alpha Chi Omega Sorority until going to Friedman Hall .
go to the Van Wickle Gates , then go to the Rhode Island Hall .
avoid Citizen's Bank until navigating to Wayland .
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
avoid the Littlefield Hall and the Marcus Aurelius and go to Littlefield Hall .
navigate to the Salomon Center for Teaching through the Urban Environmental Lab .
navigate to the Marcus Aurelius always avoiding the Lippit House .
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate by avoiding John Carter Brown Library if you reached the William Goddard Memorial Gate , then you can proceed to John Carter Brown Library .
go to the Prince Engineering Lab then move to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to the P-131317 without going to P-131317 .
go to Marston Hall first , without passing through the College Green
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color before going to the Quiet Green .
navigate to the Lyman Hall through the Brown University Sciences Library .
go to the Campus Market by touching the Starbucks .
go to the Saint Stephens Church before going to Slavery Memorial .
go to the Barus Building through John Hay Library .
move to Wriston Quad .
go to the Horace Mann House avoiding Starbucks .
avoid John Nicholas Brown Gate and go to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
avoid Littlefield Hall and go to Van Wickle Gates .
avoid the Minden Hall until you go to Class of 1887 Gate .
always avoid Soldiers Memorial Gate and go to the Idee di pietra .
always pass Robinson Hall before Marcus Aurelius .
stay on the Rockefeller Library and go to 67 George .
go to the P-131317 through Starbucks .
go to Horace Mann House .
go from John Hay Library to Brown University Sciences Library .
proceed to Blue Room but avoid Mencoff Hall on the way . if you have reached Blue Room then you can proceed to Mencoff Hall .
go to the List Art Building through the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to the Walter Hall avoiding Blue Room .
go to Watson Center for Information Technology through the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
avoid the Casey Shearer Memorial and reach Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology
go through Blue Room to the Kassar House .
go to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
go through the Robinson Gate to the List Art Building .
go to the Prospect House through the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Kassar House
go to Soldiers Memorial Gate and then to Brown Bear
stay on the Simmons Quadrangle and go to Prospect House .
go to or through the Maxcy Green . always avoid going to the Maxcy Green through Untitled Lamp/Bear
go to the Faunce House
always avoid Prospect House and go to the Gardner House .
go to the Wriston Quad before you go to Lyman Hall .
go through Gardner House before going to the Rockefeller Library .
go to Norwood House
go to the Sayles Hall , then head to the University Hall .
go through Barus Building before going to the Arnold Laboratory .
go to the Gardner House through Watson Center for Information Technology
go to Rhode Island Hall through BERT
go to Caswell Hall while avoiding the first and Sharpe Refectory .
go to the Sayles Hall while avoiding the List Art Building
first go to the Carrie Tower and then go to BERT .
go to Wilbour Hall without going in the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences
head to the Casey Shearer Memorial and then head to the Slater Hall .
always avoid Brown University and go to the Hegeman .
avoid Untitled Lamp/Bear , and go to Saint Stephens Church .
avoid the Swearer Center for Public Service on your way to the Mencoff Hall . once you get to the Mencoff Hall you can to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences avoiding Blue Room .
go to John Nicholas Brown Gate through the John Carter Brown Library .
go to Norwood House before going in the Hegeman
go to the 67 George through John Hay Library .
move to the Starbucks without leaving the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to the Hughes Court while avoiding Maxcy Green
avoid Sears until going to the Rockefeller Library .
navigate to the Citizen's Bank and avoid Lincoln Field Building .
go to Quiet Green
navigate to the Maddock Alumni  .
always avoid the Shirley Miller House to navigate to War Memorial .
navigate to the Minden Hall through the List Art Building .
go to Sayles Hall .
visit the Brown Bear and then proceed to the Quiet Green .
travel to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity and then go to William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to or through Sharpe Refectory avoiding going through Wriston Quad
avoiding the Robinson Hall , go to Kassar House .
avoid Blue Room until going to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to the Prospect House and if you have reached the Prospect House you may proceed to the Untitled Lamp/Bear or stay in the Prospect House .
avoid the Simmons Quadrangle until after navigating to the Brown University Sciences Library .
always avoid John Nicholas Brown Gate and go to the Starbucks .
always avoid the Brown University Sciences Library and travel to Rockefeller Library .
go to or through the Finlandia always avoid going through the Brown University Sciences Library
always avoid War Memorial and go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to the Citizen's Bank and avoid Manning .
remain on the Sharpe Refectory and navigate to the Marcus Aurelius .
go to Brown University through University Hall .
go to Untitled Lamp/Bear through the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
avoid The Ivy Room until you have passed through Maddock Alumni 
go to the J.W. Wilson , avoiding Wriston Quad .
avoid the University Hall until you go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
always go through the Marston Hall before going to J.W. Wilson .
go to the 86 Waterman  through the Prince Engineering Lab .
go to Lincoln Field Building through the Saint Stephens Church
avoid the first and Van Wickle Gates and go to Friedman Hall .
go to the Walter Hall .
avoid Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology and go to the Maxcy Hall .
avoid the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ and the Urban Environmental Lab and go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to the Brown University Sciences Library without going to Robinson Hall .
navigate to the Minden Hall .
go through the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology , then make your way to Marcus Aurelius .
go to the Mencoff Hall but avoid Sharpe Refectory .
robot , go to the Class of 1887 Gate .
go to the Urban Environmental Lab through Starbucks
go to Marcus Aurelius and proceed to Salomon Center for Teaching .
avoiding the 86 Waterman  , go to Minden Hall .
move to the Hope College without leaving the Arnold Laboratory .
go to the Maxcy Hall through Simmons Quadrangle
go to Blue Room , before going to College Green .
go to the Van Wickle Gates
go to the Campus Market .
go to Prince Engineering Lab through War Memorial .
go to Salomon Center for Teaching through the Lot 76
move to the BERT .
avoid Brown Bear until going to the Lot 76 .
go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate before navigating to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
do not go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ until going to Gardner House
move to the Slavery Memorial .
navigate to the Barus Building , and then navigate to the Saint Stephens Church .
go to the Simmons Quadrangle .
go to the Van Wickle Gates by avoiding Carrie Tower and then stay in the Van Wickle Gates or continue to Carrie Tower
avoid Metcalf Research Building and go to the Maxcy Green .
go to the Maddock Alumni  through the Carrie Tower
navigate to the Slavery Memorial .
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching and then go to the Brown Bear .
avoid the second and 67 George and go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
navigate to the Marston Hall but never go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go through Starbucks and navigate to the Idee di pietra .
go to Rockefeller Library then go to Rockefeller Library .
go to Brown Bear
always avoid the Sears and go to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority and then go to Quiet Green .
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall avoiding Manning .
always avoid the Medical Research Lab and go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
avoid the Brown University and go to Saint Stephens Church .
go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate through the Maxcy Green
navigate to Wayland .
go to BERT .
navigate to the Lot 76 .
avoid Soldiers Memorial Gate until you go to the War Memorial .
go to the Wayland while avoiding Caswell Hall
go to or through the Faunce House always avoid going through the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology
avoid Brown Bear until you go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to Quiet Green while avoiding the first and Rhode Island Hall .
go to the Arnold Laboratory before you go to War Memorial .
go to Hope College without entering the Campus Market .
stay on the War Memorial and go to the Friedman Hall .
go to Hope College .
avoid 86 Waterman  and go to Citizen's Bank if you 've reached Citizen's Bank then you can go to 86 Waterman  .
first go to the Watson Center for Information Technology and then go to Quiet Green .
avoid the John Nicholas Brown Gate until you enter the Prince Engineering Lab .
go to Hughes Court through the Robinson Hall
go to the Class of 1872 Gate through the Arnold Laboratory .
go to Manning and then to Salomon Center for Teaching
always pass through the Saint Stephens Church to get to Starbucks .
navigate to the Horace Mann House by passing through the Lyman Hall .
avoid The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ and go to Prince Engineering Lab .
head to the Gardner House but first go to the Lot 76 .
go from the Soldiers Memorial Gate to Manning
avoid the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences as you go to the Slavery Memorial .
go through Casey Shearer Memorial and navigate to the Class of 1887 Gate .
go to Sears
go through the Sharpe Refectory then to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
avoid the Casey Shearer Memorial and reach Hegeman
go to Idee di pietra
avoid the 86 Waterman  and go to Friedman Hall if you reached the Friedman Hall , you can now go to the 86 Waterman  or stay on Friedman Hall .
go to the Urban Environmental Lab and avoid the Medical Research Lab .
go to the Hope College whilst avoiding the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to Van Wickle Gates .
avoid the Wilbour Hall until you go to the John Hay Library .
avoid the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall until going to Prince Engineering Lab .
go to or through the Minden Hall . always avoid going to the Minden Hall through Urban Environmental Lab
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate
go to the Idee di pietra while always avoiding the Maddock Alumni 
go to Lippit House through the Robinson Hall .
avoid the Lincoln Field Building until you go to Slavery Memorial .
go to the Sears from the Casey Shearer Memorial
avoid Norwood House until going to Brown University Sciences Library .
visit the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop and then proceed to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
avoid the Hegeman and go to 86 Waterman  .
go to Sears before going to Wriston Quad
go through Lot 76 before going to the War Memorial .
avoid the Friedman Hall until going to the Simmons Quadrangle .
avoid the Brown Center for Students of Color before you navigate to the Wilbour Hall .
go through Gardner House to the Prospect House .
avoid GeoChem and Macmillian Hall until you go to P-131317 .
go to the BERT avoiding Barus Building if you reached the BERT then you may go to Barus Building .
go through BERT to the Hughes Court .
go to the Robinson Gate through Wriston Quad
go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate by first visiting Maxcy Hall .
go to the Casey Shearer Memorial without going to the Finlandia .
go to John Nicholas Brown Gate but avoid P-131317 .
avoid going through Brown Center for Students of Color until you go through the Maxcy Green .
avoid BERT and go to Class of 1887 Gate .
navigate to Metcalf Research Building through the 67 George .
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall , then proceed to Rockefeller Library .
avoid John Hay Library until you navigate to Rhode Island Hall .
stay on the Brown Bear and navigate to Lyman Hall .
go to Urban Environmental Lab , then up to Norwood House .
avoid going through Gardner House until you go through the Urban Environmental Lab .
avoid Robinson Gate until going to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to Starbucks but always stay away from University Hall .
go through the Manning to the Friedman Hall .
go through the Littlefield Hall to Sharpe Refectory .
avoid 67 George and go to Marston Hall .
go to Kassar House
go through the Sears and navigate to the Brown Bear .
move to the Robinson Hall .
avoid the Lippit House until you go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
avoid the second and Wayland and go to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
avoid Rhode Island Hall and go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to the Wriston Quad through John Hay Library
always avoid J.W. Wilson and go to Rockefeller Library .
navigate to the Gardner House , avoiding The Ivy Room .
always go from the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Medical Research Lab through the Lot 76 .
go to Carrie Tower before going in the Saint Stephens Church .
go to Prospect House , then go to Mencoff Hall .
avoid the Lot 18 until you go to the Maxcy Green .
avoid College Green on your way to the Rockefeller Library .
go to the J.W. Wilson .
go to John Hay Library without going into the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority
head to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences avoiding Walter Hall .
go to War Memorial .
avoid the first and Barus Building and go to Brown University Sciences Library .
always pass through the Norwood House to get to Prospect House .
go to War Memorial before going to Mencoff Hall .
navigate to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences after going to the Gardner House .
navigate to the Shirley Miller House before going to the Minden Hall .
head to the Soldiers Memorial Gate avoiding GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
always avoid the Kassar House and go to Quiet Green .
go to the Saint Stephens Church by first going through the Kassar House .
go through Swearer Center for Public Service to Walter Hall .
avoid the Brown Center for Students of Color until going to Van Wickle Gates .
first navigate to the Circle Dance Sculpture , then make your way to the Horace Mann House .
pass through the Van Wickle Gates before going to the Sears .
always avoid List Art Building and go to Saint Stephens Church
go to the Sears
go from the John Nicholas Brown Gate to the Marcus Aurelius
go to the The Ivy Room .
always avoid going through Maxcy Green
avoid Urban Environmental Lab and go to Caswell Hall if you have reached Caswell Hall then you can go to Urban Environmental Lab .
go to the Kassar House then go to Friedman Hall .
go to Finlandia .
go to the Hughes Court but do not go through the Carrie Tower first .
avoid the Lyman Hall and go to the Blue Room .
go to Hegeman through the Faunce House
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority and then go to the Marston Hall .
avoid Robinson Hall and go to Mencoff Hall .
go to anywhere on the Class of 1872 Gate .
navigate to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology , always avoiding Blue Room .
go to the Lot 18 while avoiding the Horace Mann House .
first navigate to the The Ivy Room , then make your way to the Gardner House .
move to the Watson Center for Information Technology but ensure to go to the Lippit House first .
go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate
navigate to the Van Wickle Gates staying on the Wilbour Hall .
avoid the Urban Environmental Lab until you go to the Rhode Island Hall .
navigate to Barus Building .
avoid the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall and go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
avoid the Brown Bear until John Nicholas Brown Gate .
always avoid Barus Building and go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
avoid Horace Mann House until navigating to University Hall .
go to Lot 17
go to Metcalf Research Building by first going to the The Ivy Room .
avoid the Lot 17 while going to the Wayland .
go to Norwood House before going in the Starbucks .
always avoid going through Soldiers Memorial Gate
head to the P-131317 and then head to the Simmons Quadrangle .
go to Brown Center for Students of Color
navigate to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to Medical Research Lab , then head to the Wilbour Hall .
go to the Lot 76 .
go to List Art Building .
go to the Lyman Hall avoiding the Lyman Hall . if you reached the Casey Shearer Memorial you can stay there , or head to the Lyman Hall .
move to The Ivy Room without leaving the Urban Environmental Lab .
avoid the Class of 1887 Gate until going to the Marcus Aurelius .
navigate to the Blue Room while avoiding Norwood House .
avoid going through Salomon Center for Teaching until you go through the Mencoff Hall .
go to a spot in the Marcus Aurelius , but do n't touch Lincoln Field Building .
go through the Quiet Green to Caswell Hall .
remain on the Gardner House and go directly to the Brown University .
avoid P-131317 and go to J.W. Wilson .
go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences before going to Prospect House .
avoid the Van Wickle Gates until you go to Idee di pietra .
go to or through the BERT always avoid going through the Maxcy Hall
avoid the Brown University until going to Starbucks .
avoid John Nicholas Brown Gate and go to the Campus Market .
go to Lot 17 before going to P-131317 .
go to the Brown University .
avoid the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity before you navigate to the Gardner House .
go to 1 Urban Environmental Lab after Maddock Alumni 
go to the Shirley Miller House .
go to the Medical Research Lab but avoid the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
head to the Finlandia .
go to Hegeman without going into the Urban Environmental Lab
go to Class of 1887 Gate through the Prospect House .
go to or through the Sears while avoiding going through the Maddock Alumni 
move towards Marston Hall and then to John Hay Library .
pass through the Finlandia before going to the Prince Engineering Lab .
approach the Hope College while avoiding the Arnold Laboratory .
always go through the Hope College to get to the Robinson Hall .
avoid Marston Hall until you go to Soldiers Memorial Gate .
always avoid Casey Shearer Memorial and navigate to the Rhode Island Hall .
go to the BERT through the 67 George
go to or through the Swearer Center for Public Service always avoid going through the Walter Hall
go to or through the The Ivy Room always avoid going through the Starbucks
go to the Idee di pietra through William Goddard Memorial Gate .
avoid the Urban Environmental Lab until going to the Mencoff Hall .
navigate to Maddock Alumni  through the Wayland .
move to the William Goddard Memorial Gate then continue to the Sharpe Refectory .
avoid Kassar House and go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall if you reached GeoChem and Macmillian Hall then you can go to Kassar House .
go to the Urban Environmental Lab through John Carter Brown Library .
go to the Gardner House .
avoid the Kassar House until going to the Class of 1887 Gate .
go to the Brown University Sciences Library always avoiding the Rockefeller Library .
go to the Maddock Alumni 
avoid the second and Idee di pietra and go to the Robinson Hall .
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority and avoid Lot 18 .
go to the Wilbour Hall but avoid the Campus Market .
go to the John Hay Library
go to Wayland through the Simmons Quadrangle .
head to the Wriston Quad .
always avoid Van Wickle Gates and go to Shirley Miller House .
navigate to the Hegeman .
avoid the University Hall until you go to the Maxcy Green .
go to the Van Wickle Gates or the War Memorial only .
always avoid the Littlefield Hall and travel to Hegeman .
go to Sayles Hall and then to Arnold Laboratory
go to List Art Building through the Van Wickle Gates .
go to Friedman Hall .
go to the Kassar House through Van Wickle Gates
go to Blue Room
move to Wriston Quad and then proceed to the Shirley Miller House .
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop , then go to Citizen's Bank .
go to the John Hay Library but avoid Manning if you reached to the John Hay Library then you can head to Manning or stay put .
go through the Rockefeller Library to the Walter Hall .
go to the Casey Shearer Memorial through the Gardner House .
stay on the Wilbour Hall and go to Robinson Hall .
go to Starbucks but always avoid Lot 18 .
go to Maxcy Hall .
go to List Art Building before going to Class of 1872 Gate
always avoid going to Saint Stephens Church through the Sayles Hall
go to or through Van Wickle Gates always avoid going to Caswell Hall through Caswell Hall
go to the Brown University while avoiding Minden Hall
go to Lot 17 through 86 Waterman 
go to the Maddock Alumni  , then go to the Friedman Hall .
move toward the Brown Bear .
go through the Manning to the Sears .
go to the Kassar House and avoid the Norwood House .
go to Campus Market and then to William Goddard Memorial Gate
pass through the Lincoln Field Building before going to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
always avoid the Medical Research Lab and go to the Finlandia .
go to P-131317 while staying on the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
first navigate to the Brown University Sciences Library , then make your way to the Norwood House .
go to Maxcy Hall
go to a spot in the Soldiers Memorial Gate , but do n't touch Gardner House .
go to the Carrie Tower and then to Minden Hall .
avoid the Robinson Hall until you navigate to Simmons Quadrangle .
avoid Finlandia until going to the Slater Hall .
avoid the Maddock Alumni  and go to the Littlefield Hall .
go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear through the Rhode Island Hall
avoid the Marston Hall until you go through the P-131317 .
go to the Brown Bear while always avoiding the Idee di pietra
avoid Marcus Aurelius and go to the Wayland .
always avoid going through Medical Research Lab
always avoid the Brown University Sciences Library , go to Rhode Island Hall .
go to the Sears through Class of 1887 Gate .
stay on the Brown Bear and navigate to 67 George .
move to the Caswell Hall then continue to the Mencoff Hall .
avoid Hughes Court and go to Lincoln Field Building .
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall but avoid Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology if you reached to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall then you can head to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology or stay put .
head to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
navigate to the Kassar House while avoiding Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate while avoiding the Saint Stephens Church .
go to Slater Hall before going in the Hughes Court
go from the Finlandia to the Slavery Memorial
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate before you go to Marston Hall .
go to Faunce House .
always avoid the Medical Research Lab and go to the Blue Room .
navigate directly to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to Kassar House , then up to Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ through John Carter Brown Library .
navigate to the Maxcy Hall always avoiding the Idee di pietra .
go to the Minden Hall and then to Citizen's Bank .
always pass through the Hegeman to get to Marston Hall .
always avoid the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity and go to the War Memorial .
navigate to Kassar House .
go to the Swearer Center for Public Service while avoiding the Marcus Aurelius
go through the Finlandia to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go through 67 George before going to the P-131317 .
avoid Prospect House and go to the Citizen's Bank .
navigate to the Lot 76 while avoiding John Hay Library .
avoid Wilbour Hall and go to Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to Metcalf Research Building
go to or through the Campus Market always avoid going through the Brown University Sciences Library
go through the Wilbour Hall to get to John Hay Library
go to the Brown Bear but never go to the Sharpe Refectory .
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate , avoiding Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ while staying on the Marston Hall .
go to War Memorial before going to the Mencoff Hall .
go to the Starbucks .
move to the Slater Hall and then move to Faunce House .
go to Urban Environmental Lab then go to the P-131317 .
go to the Hope College by first going to the Hughes Court .
go to 86 Waterman  through the Circle Dance Sculpture
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall via Brown Bear .
go to Hope College avoiding the Prince Engineering Lab . then go to the Prince Engineering Lab or stay on Hope College .
go to the Barus Building and avoid the Starbucks .
go to Slater Hall but do not first pass through Manning .
go to J.W. Wilson by first going to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to the Robinson Hall through BERT .
go from the Swearer Center for Public Service to Blue Room
avoid the John Hay Library until you go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to the Wriston Quad .
navigate to the Prince Engineering Lab then continue to Caswell Hall .
go to the Brown Bear by going through Marcus Aurelius .
go through John Hay Library to Manning .
avoid Idee di pietra and go to Untitled Lamp/Bear if you have reached Untitled Lamp/Bear then you can go to Idee di pietra .
avoid the Gardner House until going to the Friedman Hall .
move to Citizen's Bank , but go through the Starbucks first .
approach the Lincoln Field Building while avoiding the Casey Shearer Memorial .
head to Wriston Quad after going to the Prospect House .
avoid Maxcy Hall until going to the Robinson Gate .
avoid Starbucks until going to the John Carter Brown Library .
navigate to the Minden Hall .
go to Brown University Sciences Library .
always avoid Prospect House and go to P-131317 .
always go through the Gardner House before going to Simmons Quadrangle .
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity by avoiding John Carter Brown Library and then stay in the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity or continue to John Carter Brown Library
go to Brown University , but never through it
always avoid going through Sayles Hall
go to Friedman Hall only through the Brown University Sciences Library
go to Circle Dance Sculpture through the Van Wickle Gates
go to the Finlandia through the Wilbour Hall
head to the Metcalf Research Building but first go to the Minden Hall .
navigate to the Shirley Miller House .
head to the Soldiers Memorial Gate , but make sure to go through the Shirley Miller House first .
navigate to the Walter Hall always avoiding the Quiet Green .
go through the Littlefield Hall to the Idee di pietra .
go to the Lincoln Field Building through the Class of 1887 Gate .
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop from the List Art Building
go to the Marcus Aurelius avoiding the Van Wickle Gates . go through the Marcus Aurelius to get to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Hughes Court while avoiding List Art Building
navigate directly to Shirley Miller House .
go to the Prospect House while avoiding Morgan Witter Rogers Gate
avoid the Lippit House and go to the Hegeman .
go to Sharpe Refectory .
go directly to Arnold Laboratory .
go to the Wilbour Hall but do not go to Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority then go to Salomon Center for Teaching .
avoid the Hughes Court and go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to the Campus Market by first going to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
navigate directly to Lot 18 .
move to the John Hay Library , travelling through Brown Bear .
go to the Marcus Aurelius while avoiding John Carter Brown Library
avoid Untitled Lamp/Bear and go to the Metcalf Research Building .
go to Lot 18 before going in the Minden Hall .
go to the Mencoff Hall and then head to J.W. Wilson .
go to the Lot 18 but avoid the Lincoln Field Building .
go through War Memorial and navigate to the Citizen's Bank .
navigate to the John Nicholas Brown Gate and avoid Carrie Tower .
go from the Rhode Island Hall to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences
go to Littlefield Hall and then to BERT .
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology by first going through Sayles Hall .
navigate to John Nicholas Brown Gate .
avoid the Urban Environmental Lab until you go to the Idee di pietra .
avoid the Faunce House before you navigate to the John Hay Library .
go through the Hegeman to Simmons Quadrangle .
go through Caswell Hall to the Idee di pietra .
go to the Idee di pietra while avoiding Robinson Hall
go to the Campus Market while always avoiding the Sears .
navigate through The Ivy Room then go to Wriston Quad .
go to John Nicholas Brown Gate , then go to Hegeman
always go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity before navigating to the Robinson Gate .
go to the BERT while avoiding the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to John Hay Library then go to the Brown Bear .
navigate to Maxcy Green then continue to the Norwood House .
go to Wilbour Hall whilst avoiding the Class of 1887 Gate .
go to the Casey Shearer Memorial through the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go from the Friedman Hall to the Sharpe Refectory
go through the William Goddard Memorial Gate before going to War Memorial
avoid the John Hay Library before you navigate to the Lippit House .
always navigate to Lippit House and then proceed to Quiet Green .
go through the Lippit House to Gardner House .
go to the Robinson Gate .
go to Lincoln Field Building while avoiding going through any other objects
go to the Walter Hall and if you have reached the Walter Hall you may proceed to the Idee di pietra or stay in the Walter Hall .
go to The Ivy Room without going in the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall
go to Rockefeller Library , but never through it
go to Slater Hall and always avoid the Idee di pietra
go to Brown University and then to Shirley Miller House
go to the Rockefeller Library through Hope College .
avoid the first and Idee di pietra and go to Sayles Hall .
go to or through the Maxcy Hall , but avoid going to the Maxcy Hall through the Littlefield Hall
avoid the Soldiers Memorial Gate until going to Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Citizen's Bank and then to J.W. Wilson .
go to Brown University Sciences Library before Shirley Miller House .
proceed to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences but do n't leave the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to Quiet Green through the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
first move to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ then navigate to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
proceed to the Friedman Hall but do n't leave the Brown Bear .
go to Watson Center for Information Technology but always avoid Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to Lot 76 .
always go through the Simmons Quadrangle before going to Untitled Lamp/Bear .
avoid the Walter Hall until going to the List Art Building .
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology , then go to the Slater Hall .
go to the Urban Environmental Lab avoiding the Brown Bear . only if you reached the Urban Environmental Lab then you may proceed to the Brown Bear .
avoid the Campus Market and go to Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to Manning by first visiting the Mencoff Hall .
avoid Norwood House until going to Walter Hall .
without stepping in the Watson Center for Information Technology , go to Maddock Alumni  .
go to Starbucks and then to William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go through the BERT to the Lincoln Field Building
go to or through the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate always avoid going to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate through Carrie Tower
go to the Urban Environmental Lab whilst avoiding the Class of 1887 Gate .
move to the John Nicholas Brown Gate and then move to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to the Lippit House before you go to the Metcalf Research Building .
go to the College Green , then go to the Class of 1872 Gate .
do not go to List Art Building until going to Van Wickle Gates
remain on the Brown University and go directly to the Sayles Hall .
go to the Blue Room through Brown Bear
move to Walter Hall but avoid Wilbour Hall .
always avoid the John Carter Brown Library while navigating to the Lot 17 .
always go through the Class of 1872 Gate to get to the Lincoln Field Building .
avoid the Class of 1872 Gate and go to Marston Hall .
go to or through the Brown Bear . always avoid going to the Brown Bear through Hope College
go to 67 George before going to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall
go to Watson Center for Information Technology before going to the Lyman Hall .
go to the Brown University Sciences Library before going to Lot 18
go to the Carrie Tower but do not go to Lot 18 .
go through the Shirley Miller House before going to Soldiers Memorial Gate
go to the Arnold Laboratory before you go to Finlandia .
from the Prince Engineering Lab , navigate to Urban Environmental Lab .
avoid the 67 George on your way to Citizen's Bank .
go to Robinson Hall through the BERT
avoid Metcalf Research Building until going to the Hope College .
pass through the Maxcy Green on your way to the Class of 1872 Gate .
avoid going through Kassar House until you go through the Class of 1872 Gate .
avoid the Littlefield Hall until you navigate to Maxcy Green .
move to the Robinson Gate but ensure to go to the Maxcy Hall first .
go to Brown Bear through Metcalf Research Building
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology but avoid the Lot 76 .
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology through the Urban Environmental Lab
always avoid going to Circle Dance Sculpture through the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity
go to Class of 1887 Gate then go to Slavery Memorial .
go to Saint Stephens Church without going in the Slavery Memorial
travel to 67 George .
go to Hope College by avoiding the Sayles Hall and then stay there or continue to the Sayles Hall .
avoid the Casey Shearer Memorial and go to the Van Wickle Gates .
head to the Urban Environmental Lab .
avoid J.W. Wilson until you go to Wilbour Hall .
go through Lippit House and navigate to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to the Prince Engineering Lab , then go to the BERT
navigate to Carrie Tower .
go to the War Memorial but avoid the Wilbour Hall .
go to the Walter Hall through Casey Shearer Memorial
go to Maxcy Hall
go to Barus Building , then head to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
move toward the Maxcy Green .
go to Robinson Hall and then go to the 67 George .
always avoid Slater Hall and go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear , then go to the Lippit House
always avoid Sharpe Refectory and go to 67 George
avoid Hughes Court until going to Arnold Laboratory .
avoid the Lippit House until going to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
navigate to Sears , always avoiding Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to Brown University without first passing through Marston Hall .
move to the Wayland without leaving the Simmons Quadrangle .
go through the Lyman Hall to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity
go to Blue Room passing through the Saint Stephens Church .
avoid the Class of 1887 Gate until going to the Medical Research Lab .
avoid the Gardner House and go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
avoid the College Green until going to the Lippit House .
always avoid the Lot 18 and go to Slater Hall .
go to the College Green avoiding Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity while avoiding the Soldiers Memorial Gate
go to the Mencoff Hall
avoid Lot 76 until you go to Maxcy Green .
first go to to Arnold Laboratory then go to the Brown University Sciences Library .
go to John Hay Library through the Prospect House .
always avoid going through Marcus Aurelius
go to the John Hay Library .
navigate to Quiet Green .
avoid Salomon Center for Teaching and go to Blue Room .
advance to Caswell Hall but always avoid the Carrie Tower .
go to the Blue Room while avoiding the J.W. Wilson
go to the Sharpe Refectory , and then go to the P-131317 .
go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology and then to Robinson Gate .
go to Simmons Quadrangle through the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ
go to Quiet Green by first going to the Hegeman .
go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear through the Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to the Gardner House before you navigate to John Hay Library .
go to Horace Mann House via the Prospect House .
go to the Kassar House before going to Friedman Hall .
avoiding the Marston Hall , go to Soldiers Memorial Gate .
first go to Circle Dance Sculpture , then go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to the BERT before you navigate to Hughes Court .
go to War Memorial
go to the Simmons Quadrangle while avoiding the Starbucks and if you have reached the Simmons Quadrangle then you can go to the Starbucks .
go to Prince Engineering Lab through the Minden Hall .
avoid the first and Kassar House and go to Starbucks .
go to the Starbucks avoiding the 67 George . if you get to Starbucks you can then proceed to the 67 George
avoid Prospect House and go to the Saint Stephens Church .
navigate to the Slater Hall but do not pass through the Walter Hall .
move to the Sharpe Refectory .
go to 1 John Hay Library after Medical Research Lab
go to the Maddock Alumni  while avoiding the Minden Hall and if you have reached the Maddock Alumni  then you can go to the Minden Hall .
go to the Maddock Alumni  and if you have reached the Maddock Alumni  you may proceed to the 67 George or stay in the Maddock Alumni  .
avoid Barus Building while traveling to Walter Hall .
go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology , avoiding the Marston Hall
go through the Brown Bear to Hughes Court .
head to the P-131317 .
go through the John Carter Brown Library to the Metcalf Research Building .
avoid the Swearer Center for Public Service and go to the Rhode Island Hall .
always avoid 86 Waterman  and go to William Goddard Memorial Gate
go through the John Carter Brown Library , then make your way to Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to the Horace Mann House or the Lot 18 only .
move to Friedman Hall .
travel to Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to Idee di pietra without going in the Lot 17
navigate to the Wayland while avoiding the Metcalf Research Building .
avoid the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences and reach Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology
go to College Green before going to the Minden Hall .
start on the Horace Mann House and move directly to Wilbour Hall .
avoid the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity and travel to the Brown University .
always avoid GeoChem and Macmillian Hall and navigate to the Simmons Quadrangle .
go to the Van Wickle Gates but do not enter the Wayland first .
avoid the Prince Engineering Lab and go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall if you reached the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall , you can now go to the Prince Engineering Lab or stay on GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to the Class of 1887 Gate through the Norwood House .
navigate to the Rhode Island Hall .
navigate to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to the Medical Research Lab .
avoid the J.W. Wilson and go to Maxcy Green .
always go through the Brown Center for Students of Color before going to Norwood House .
go to Untitled Lamp/Bear .
avoid the Gardner House and go to Carrie Tower .
go through the 67 George to the Lot 17 .
go to Quiet Green .
go to Swearer Center for Public Service through the 86 Waterman 
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology before you navigate to Slavery Memorial .
go to the Quiet Green , then go to War Memorial .
go to the Brown Bear .
from the Quiet Green , go to BERT directly .
first go to to Sayles Hall then go to the Horace Mann House .
got to College Green through the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to Finlandia through Kassar House
always avoid the J.W. Wilson and travel to Maxcy Hall .
go to Brown Center for Students of Color but always stay away from Idee di pietra .
move to Hope College after moving to the Finlandia .
go to the Horace Mann House but do not enter the Prince Engineering Lab first .
avoid Minden Hall and go to the Brown University .
go to The Ivy Room but do not first pass through Minden Hall .
go to the Caswell Hall then go to Kassar House
move to Brown University Sciences Library from the Class of 1872 Gate .
go from the Norwood House to the John Nicholas Brown Gate
go through Rockefeller Library to the Marston Hall .
go to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
always avoid Class of 1872 Gate and navigate to BERT .
stay on the Sayles Hall and move to Brown Bear .
go to or through the Untitled Lamp/Bear always avoid going through the Blue Room
avoid the List Art Building and reach Salomon Center for Teaching
avoid the Horace Mann House until reaching the Lot 76 .
go through Simmons Quadrangle and navigate to the Lippit House .
navigate to the John Carter Brown Library through the Norwood House .
pass through the Metcalf Research Building before going to the Citizen's Bank .
go to the Robinson Hall
avoid the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology and go to University Hall .
avoid the Lincoln Field Building and go to The Ivy Room
go to the Maxcy Green
go through Class of 1872 Gate and navigate to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
avoid the Class of 1887 Gate and reach Lippit House
go to John Hay Library .
navigate to the Barus Building through the Brown Bear .
go to Lyman Hall but always avoid Brown Bear .
go to Metcalf Research Building .
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
avoid Wilbour Hall and go to the Wayland .
go to the Robinson Hall but do not go through the Sharpe Refectory first .
go to the Circle Dance Sculpture
go to the Van Wickle Gates .
avoid the John Hay Library until Lot 76 .
go to the Brown University and then go to John Hay Library .
go through Brown University Sciences Library and then to the Lot 76 .
go to 86 Waterman  , then go to Wilbour Hall .
always avoid the Soldiers Memorial Gate and go to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
stay on the Kassar House to get to J.W. Wilson .
head to the Lincoln Field Building avoiding Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
always avoid going through Citizen's Bank
go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall then go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
navigate to the College Green by passing through the 67 George .
avoid the Caswell Hall until going to the Wilbour Hall .
avoid the Slater Hall until you go to the 67 George .
go to Lot 17 , then up to College Green .
move to anywhere on the Citizen's Bank , then move to anywhere on the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go through P-131317 then go to Starbucks .
go to the Circle Dance Sculpture from the List Art Building
navigate to the P-131317 but do n't ever go to Rockefeller Library .
go to Carrie Tower whilst avoiding the List Art Building .
avoid Untitled Lamp/Bear and go to Lot 17 .
go to a spot in the Salomon Center for Teaching , but do n't touch Horace Mann House .
go through the Barus Building to the Gardner House .
navigate to the Slater Hall .
avoid Norwood House until you go to the Robinson Gate .
start on the Norwood House and move directly to Gardner House .
avoid the Saint Stephens Church until after going to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Van Wickle Gates and then to College Green .
avoid the Lyman Hall and go to the Walter Hall .
go to the Gardner House through Sears
go to the Campus Market but never go to the Friedman Hall .
avoid the Rhode Island Hall until going to the Sayles Hall .
navigate to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity then continue to College Green .
go to the BERT while avoiding Citizen's Bank
always avoid the Citizen's Bank and travel to Swearer Center for Public Service .
from the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences , go to Robinson Hall directly .
go from the Lot 18 to the Horace Mann House
go to J.W. Wilson
go to the Simmons Quadrangle by touching the Lyman Hall .
go to the List Art Building , then go to Maddock Alumni  .
move to Metcalf Research Building .
go to Arnold Laboratory .
go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate through the Sharpe Refectory .
navigate to the Finlandia through the Maddock Alumni  .
avoid the Brown University until going to Lippit House .
go from the Salomon Center for Teaching to Brown University Sciences Library
always go through the Marcus Aurelius before going to Brown University Sciences Library .
go through the Starbucks and navigate to the List Art Building .
avoid the P-131317 until going to the Quiet Green .
go to or through the Marcus Aurelius while avoiding going through the Kassar House
always avoid the Van Wickle Gates while navigating to War Memorial .
go to the Citizen's Bank , then go to the Quiet Green .
go to Sharpe Refectory before going in the Slavery Memorial .
remain on the Quiet Green and navigate to the Barus Building .
go to Van Wickle Gates
go to the Class of 1887 Gate .
go through the Swearer Center for Public Service before going to John Nicholas Brown Gate
move to the Salomon Center for Teaching but go through Arnold Laboratory first .
go to the Manning while always avoiding the Sayles Hall .
always avoid the P-131317 and travel to Marston Hall .
travel to the Mencoff Hall and then go to Manning .
avoid the Medical Research Lab until going to the Robinson Gate .
avoid the Mencoff Hall until going to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
avoid Lot 17 until you go to the J.W. Wilson .
go to Barus Building before going in the Slavery Memorial
avoid Class of 1872 Gate and go to the Lot 76 .
go to the 86 Waterman  .
avoid Rockefeller Library and move into the Sayles Hall .
go to Sears through the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
avoid the Van Wickle Gates while going to the Maddock Alumni  .
always avoid the Citizen's Bank while navigating to the Lyman Hall .
go to or through Mencoff Hall avoiding going through Slater Hall
go to the Faunce House .
go through the Gardner House before going to the Rhode Island Hall .
go through the War Memorial , then make your way to Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to the Wriston Quad .
always avoid going through Marston Hall
go to Lincoln Field Building then go to Lincoln Field Building .
go to the Norwood House , then go to the Slater Hall .
go from the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology to the BERT
go to the Campus Market and then go to the Sears .
go from the Metcalf Research Building to Minden Hall
move to Urban Environmental Lab without leaving the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to anywhere on the Medical Research Lab .
avoid Caswell Hall until going to the Lyman Hall .
go to the Wilbour Hall , then head to the Lincoln Field Building .
go to the Slater Hall while avoiding Caswell Hall
avoid the Brown University Sciences Library until going to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to the Lyman Hall
go to the 67 George through the Urban Environmental Lab .
go to Sharpe Refectory without going in the Campus Market
go to the Friedman Hall .
move to the Van Wickle Gates and then move to War Memorial .
go to the Slavery Memorial .
go to the Slater Hall while avoiding Swearer Center for Public Service and the Swearer Center for Public Service
go to Sharpe Refectory by first visiting the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to the Marcus Aurelius through the Citizen's Bank
first go to the Saint Stephens Church and then go to Caswell Hall .
go to Simmons Quadrangle before going in the Class of 1872 Gate
navigate to the Class of 1887 Gate .
go from Idee di pietra to Saint Stephens Church .
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop through the War Memorial
go to Brown Center for Students of Color .
navigate to the Lyman Hall always avoiding the Prospect House .
go to Friedman Hall , but never through it
go to the Lot 76 .
go to Rhode Island Hall but avoid Robinson Hall .
go to Caswell Hall and always avoid the 67 George
always avoid Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences and go to the Lincoln Field Building .
go to Horace Mann House but do not first go through the Minden Hall .
avoid Maxcy Green and go to the Lot 18 .
avoid the J.W. Wilson and reach Lot 18
avoid the Simmons Quadrangle and go to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go through the Sayles Hall to Arnold Laboratory .
avoid John Hay Library until you go to the Urban Environmental Lab .
navigate to the Untitled Lamp/Bear always avoiding the Faunce House .
navigate to the Maxcy Hall while avoiding List Art Building .
navigate to the Lyman Hall , avoiding Van Wickle Gates .
go through Swearer Center for Public Service to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
avoid the Maxcy Green until you go to the Friedman Hall .
move to Rhode Island Hall , but travel to the Sears first .
advance to Robinson Hall but always avoid the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to or through the Sears always avoid going through the The Ivy Room
go to the Mencoff Hall avoiding Simmons Quadrangle .
go to Robinson Hall and always avoid the Prospect House
go to John Nicholas Brown Gate via the Maxcy Hall .
go to the Slavery Memorial
go through the List Art Building to the Hughes Court .
go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to Wayland without entering the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to Urban Environmental Lab and then go to the Sayles Hall .
avoid Shirley Miller House , and go to Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to Watson Center for Information Technology before going to Van Wickle Gates
go through the Lot 17 to Norwood House .
avoid John Carter Brown Library while going to the P-131317 .
go through Lyman Hall to Class of 1887 Gate .
avoid Rhode Island Hall and go to Hope College if you 've reached Hope College then you can go to Rhode Island Hall .
always avoid going to John Nicholas Brown Gate through the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate
go to the Quiet Green before you navigate to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to Littlefield Hall but avoid Wriston Quad .
go to the Sharpe Refectory before you go to the John Hay Library .
always avoid going through the Urban Environmental Lab to the Class of 1887 Gate
from the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology , navigate to the College Green .
navigate to Swearer Center for Public Service through the Sears .
go to the 86 Waterman  by first going through GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to Salomon Center for Teaching and then to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall
always avoid Salomon Center for Teaching and go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
stay on the John Carter Brown Library and go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go through Sayles Hall to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go through Class of 1872 Gate before going to the Van Wickle Gates .
go through the John Carter Brown Library first , then go to the Quiet Green .
always avoid Lot 17 and go to the Robinson Hall .
avoid the Maxcy Green and go to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to the Idee di pietra and go down to the Slater Hall .
go to the Brown Bear before going to Metcalf Research Building
avoid Brown University until going to the John Carter Brown Library .
go to the Slavery Memorial without ever leaving the Sears .
go to Lyman Hall without entering the Brown Center for Students of Color .
stay on the Horace Mann House and go to Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to Slater Hall
go through the Shirley Miller House to get to Gardner House
always avoid the John Nicholas Brown Gate , go to Brown University .
go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
avoid the Caswell Hall until you go to the 67 George .
go to or through the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity always avoid going through the John Hay Library
go to the Sears and then go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
first go to to Lippit House then go to the Lincoln Field Building .
go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate before going to Watson Center for Information Technology
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to Carrie Tower before going to the 86 Waterman  .
avoid Class of 1887 Gate while navigating to Maxcy Hall .
go to the Caswell Hall .
navigate to the Brown Center for Students of Color , and then navigate to the Arnold Laboratory .
always avoid the Sharpe Refectory and go to the Lot 18 .
go to Minden Hall and then go to the Brown University Sciences Library .
go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate then move to the College Green .
go through the Caswell Hall and navigate to the John Hay Library .
head to the Class of 1872 Gate .
navigate through Friedman Hall then go to Faunce House .
navigate to the Watson Center for Information Technology after going to the Campus Market .
move to the Walter Hall .
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop but do not enter the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate first .
go to or through the Rockefeller Library while avoiding going through the Lot 76
go through the Slater Hall to Untitled Lamp/Bear .
always avoid Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity and go to the J.W. Wilson .
go to the 67 George
avoid John Carter Brown Library until you navigate to Marston Hall .
go to Barus Building while avoiding going through any other objects
avoid Lot 76 until navigating to Caswell Hall .
go to the Circle Dance Sculpture then go to Hope College
go to the Brown Bear while avoiding the Rockefeller Library
avoid the Prince Engineering Lab until passing Brown University Sciences Library .
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology avoiding the 86 Waterman  . if you get to Watson Center for Information Technology you can then proceed to the 86 Waterman 
go to Sayles Hall before Brown University .
avoid the Walter Hall until you go through the Wilbour Hall .
go to the Brown University through the John Nicholas Brown Gate
move to the College Green while avoiding the Walter Hall .
avoid the second and GeoChem and Macmillian Hall and go to the Rockefeller Library .
move to the List Art Building , travelling through Metcalf Research Building .
go to the Campus Market
go to the Mencoff Hall then go to the Minden Hall
go to Barus Building through the Van Wickle Gates .
avoid the Shirley Miller House and go to the Idee di pietra .
go to Prospect House then go to Maxcy Hall .
go to Simmons Quadrangle through the Mencoff Hall
go to the Wriston Quad without going through the Littlefield Hall .
always avoid going to Medical Research Lab through the Friedman Hall
avoid Barus Building and go to the The Ivy Room .
go to the Brown University by first visiting Friedman Hall .
avoid the Rockefeller Library until you navigate to the Minden Hall .
go to the Lippit House and then go to the Class of 1872 Gate .
avoid the War Memorial and go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go through the 67 George to the Hope College
always avoid going to J.W. Wilson through the Barus Building
move to Rhode Island Hall without entering the Blue Room . then you may stay at Rhode Island Hall or go to the Blue Room .
go through the Lot 18 to Medical Research Lab .
go through William Goddard Memorial Gate and navigate to the Caswell Hall .
go to Sayles Hall then go to Maxcy Green .
always avoid John Hay Library and navigate to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
avoid the BERT until going through Citizen's Bank .
always avoid the University Hall while navigating to List Art Building .
go to Quiet Green , then go to Brown University .
move to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority and then head to Slavery Memorial .
go from the War Memorial to the William Goddard Memorial Gate
go to the BERT through Prince Engineering Lab
avoid Maddock Alumni  and go to the Littlefield Hall .
avoid the The Ivy Room and go to Friedman Hall .
from the William Goddard Memorial Gate , navigate to Minden Hall .
go to Kassar House .
avoid University Hall until after you go to John Carter Brown Library .
go to the Rhode Island Hall then go to Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ through the Blue Room
visit the Faunce House and then move to the Horace Mann House .
from the Medical Research Lab , navigate to the Hope College .
go to War Memorial by first going to the J.W. Wilson .
avoid the Hughes Court until going to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to the J.W. Wilson avoiding Robinson Gate if you reached the J.W. Wilson then you may go to Robinson Gate .
go to the Brown Bear and then to Gardner House .
always go from the Salomon Center for Teaching to the Simmons Quadrangle .
stay on the Finlandia and move to Wayland .
go to the Urban Environmental Lab through BERT .
go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology while staying on the Lippit House .
go to Lippit House .
go to the Brown University Sciences Library , then go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to the College Green
avoid the Littlefield Hall until after going to the Medical Research Lab .
avoid the Brown University until going to the Lyman Hall .
stay on the Maddock Alumni  to get to Maxcy Green .
do not navigate away from the Van Wickle Gates and go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to P-131317 through Kassar House
go to Lyman Hall through the University Hall .
go to Citizen's Bank through William Goddard Memorial Gate
go to Arnold Laboratory through the Brown University Sciences Library .
avoid the Van Wickle Gates until you go to the Lyman Hall .
go to the College Green avoiding the College Green . if you reached the Slater Hall you can stay there , or head to the College Green .
start on the Lot 17 and move directly to Class of 1887 Gate .
do not go to Brown Center for Students of Color until going to William Goddard Memorial Gate
go to the Lot 17 via Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to Swearer Center for Public Service through the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
stay on the Arnold Laboratory to get to Hughes Court .
go from BERT to Medical Research Lab .
go to Salomon Center for Teaching , avoid the Brown University Sciences Library until you have been to the Salomon Center for Teaching
go through Brown Bear to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity
go to J.W. Wilson through the Horace Mann House .
go to the Carrie Tower avoiding the Lippit House . go through the Carrie Tower to get to the Lippit House .
go to Maxcy Green while staying on the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go through the John Hay Library to the Campus Market .
go to the Circle Dance Sculpture while avoiding Maxcy Hall and the Maxcy Hall
avoid the second and Marston Hall and go to the University Hall .
always avoid List Art Building while going to Friedman Hall .
go to the Prospect House and then to Starbucks .
head to the Starbucks and then head to the 86 Waterman  .
avoid The Ivy Room while traveling to Maxcy Hall .
always avoid the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology and go to the Manning .
go to Maxcy Green
go to a spot in the Hughes Court , but do n't touch BERT .
navigate to the Brown University Sciences Library before going to the Kassar House .
go to the Friedman Hall and avoid Littlefield Hall .
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop before going to the Faunce House
go through the Robinson Hall before going to the Mencoff Hall .
go through the Medical Research Lab to Saint Stephens Church .
avoid the 67 George and go to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
move to Lot 76 without leaving the Littlefield Hall .
go through The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ then go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to Shirley Miller House
go to the Medical Research Lab .
go to the 67 George
navigate to the Watson Center for Information Technology , and then navigate to the Kassar House .
go through Marcus Aurelius on your way to the College Green .
go to the Barus Building avoiding Sayles Hall if you reached the Barus Building then you may go to Sayles Hall .
avoid the Friedman Hall and go to the Lot 18 .
move to Arnold Laboratory but avoid Sears .
avoid the Brown University and go to the Citizen's Bank .
move to the John Hay Library while avoiding the College Green .
avoid the Norwood House and go to Class of 1872 Gate
avoid the second and J.W. Wilson and go to the Lot 17 .
avoid Faunce House and go to the Medical Research Lab .
go to the 67 George and then go to the Barus Building .
go to P-131317 and then the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate
go to Sayles Hall before going to Medical Research Lab
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority then go to the Rockefeller Library .
always avoid the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority while navigating to the Medical Research Lab .
go to the Lot 76 before going to 86 Waterman  .
go to the Class of 1887 Gate and then to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
avoid Idee di pietra and go to the Sears .
navigate to the Prince Engineering Lab via the Blue Room .
avoid Carrie Tower and go to the Norwood House .
avoid the Slater Hall and go to the Rockefeller Library .
go to the Finlandia
go through the Lincoln Field Building to Sharpe Refectory .
always avoid the The Ivy Room while navigating to the Class of 1872 Gate .
go to Horace Mann House then University Hall .
go to Marcus Aurelius through the College Green .
first navigate to Wriston Quad , then go to Slavery Memorial .
avoid the Lincoln Field Building and go to the Citizen's Bank .
go to the Norwood House , avoiding War Memorial .
go to the Simmons Quadrangle through the Hegeman .
navigate to Horace Mann House then continue to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
avoid Maxcy Green until going to Soldiers Memorial Gate .
navigate to the Friedman Hall .
go to the Lot 17 .
avoid the Salomon Center for Teaching until going to the 67 George .
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color
travel to Lot 17 .
always avoid the John Hay Library and go to the Saint Stephens Church .
go to the Marston Hall through the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to the Maddock Alumni  without going to the Faunce House .
go through Metcalf Research Building before going to the Lyman Hall .
navigate through University Hall to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to 86 Waterman  through the Shirley Miller House .
go up to the Soldiers Memorial Gate without going to Lot 18 .
go to the Medical Research Lab through the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ
move to the John Hay Library .
go to the Slavery Memorial without going to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
always navigate to Blue Room and then proceed to Slavery Memorial .
avoid the Manning until reaching the Rockefeller Library .
go to Swearer Center for Public Service before going to the Horace Mann House .
without stepping in the BERT , go to College Green .
always pass Lincoln Field Building to get to level 1 .
avoid the War Memorial until reaching Wilbour Hall .
always avoid Circle Dance Sculpture and go to the Sayles Hall .
go to the Lot 76 through the Arnold Laboratory .
always avoid Barus Building and navigate to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to the Prince Engineering Lab avoiding the Lot 18 .
always avoid Brown Center for Students of Color and navigate to the Norwood House .
go through Lyman Hall before going to the Maxcy Hall .
go to the John Carter Brown Library before going to Maddock Alumni 
avoid Brown Center for Students of Color until you go to 67 George .
avoid Campus Market until going to William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to Walter Hall by avoiding the Wayland and then stay there or continue to the Wayland .
avoid Salomon Center for Teaching until you go to Marston Hall .
go to John Nicholas Brown Gate through the Van Wickle Gates
go to Starbucks but remain on the Medical Research Lab .
avoid the first and Sayles Hall and go to Lippit House .
avoid Wayland while going to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
navigate to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
head to the Salomon Center for Teaching avoiding Citizen's Bank .
go to Saint Stephens Church while avoiding the Idee di pietra .
always avoid the Quiet Green while navigating to Brown Bear .
avoid the second and Casey Shearer Memorial and go to the Robinson Hall .
do not go into the Prince Engineering Lab until going to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority
navigate directly to the Faunce House .
go to John Hay Library .
go to the University Hall .
go to the Wriston Quad through the 67 George .
go to Barus Building and then to Watson Center for Information Technology
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority by first going through Brown Bear .
go to Brown University Sciences Library before going to 86 Waterman  .
go to Marcus Aurelius .
always avoid Manning and go to Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to the Brown University Sciences Library and then go to the Lot 76 .
go through the Class of 1872 Gate before going to the P-131317 .
go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology through the Robinson Hall
avoid the John Hay Library until you enter the Lyman Hall .
avoid John Hay Library until you go to the Sayles Hall .
stay on the Gardner House to get to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go from the The Ivy Room to the Starbucks
go to the Lincoln Field Building via Hughes Court .
always avoid the Van Wickle Gates while navigating to Mencoff Hall .
navigate to the List Art Building before you go to Brown University .
go to the Sharpe Refectory , then navigate to the Gardner House .
go to Blue Room without going into the William Goddard Memorial Gate
always avoid going to Maxcy Green through the Norwood House
avoid the Sharpe Refectory until going to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go through the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity to the Maddock Alumni  .
while always avoiding the Marston Hall , go to Mencoff Hall .
go to Maxcy Green then go to Littlefield Hall .
move to John Nicholas Brown Gate without leaving the Starbucks .
go to Blue Room through Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
do not go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop until going to John Hay Library
go up to the Sears without going to Citizen's Bank .
avoid the Minden Hall and go to the University Hall . if you reached the University Hall then you may go to the Minden Hall , or just stay on the University Hall .
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate , then navigate to the Robinson Gate .
go to Brown Center for Students of Color , but never through it
go through the Sears to Saint Stephens Church .
stay on the Sears while navigating to Barus Building .
approach the Marston Hall while avoiding the Shirley Miller House .
go from the Maxcy Green to the Watson Center for Information Technology
go to Sears , avoid the Finlandia until you have been to the Sears
always avoid going through the Medical Research Lab to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ
go to the Slater Hall through Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences
move to the Littlefield Hall first then travel to University Hall .
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate before going to BERT
proceed to the Quiet Green by going through the Maxcy Hall .
avoid Sharpe Refectory on your way to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to the Kassar House by first going through the Hope College .
navigate to the Wilbour Hall by passing through the Class of 1872 Gate .
go to Untitled Lamp/Bear before P-131317 .
move towards Slavery Memorial and then to Soldiers Memorial Gate .
avoiding the Walter Hall , go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
avoid Norwood House until going to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Urban Environmental Lab .
navigate to the List Art Building before going to Maxcy Green .
go to P-131317 after navigating to the Van Wickle Gates .
avoid the first and BERT and go to Blue Room .
go to the Marcus Aurelius
go to 1 Barus Building after Caswell Hall
go to Sharpe Refectory before going to Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology through the Finlandia .
go through the Brown Bear and navigate to the Gardner House .
avoid John Hay Library until going to the Maxcy Green .
avoid the Hegeman until after you 've gone to the List Art Building .
go to the Citizen's Bank .
avoid Carrie Tower until you pass through Lot 18 .
move to Lot 18 .
go to Van Wickle Gates through the Friedman Hall .
go to the Mencoff Hall . if you reached the Mencoff Hall then you may go to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to the Wriston Quad while avoiding Barus Building
go to Soldiers Memorial Gate .
avoid the P-131317 until going to the Campus Market .
go to the Marston Hall whilst avoiding the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology after going to the John Carter Brown Library .
go to the Class of 1887 Gate but avoid the Walter Hall .
avoid the Friedman Hall and go to Faunce House .
avoid the Rockefeller Library until you go to the Minden Hall .
go to the Arnold Laboratory and then to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go through the Maxcy Hall to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to or through the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority always avoid going to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority through the Brown University
go to Lot 76 through the Slavery Memorial .
go to Sayles Hall and then to Simmons Quadrangle .
go to the Sayles Hall while avoiding Wriston Quad
avoid Hegeman and proceed to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ
avoid Untitled Lamp/Bear until going to the Metcalf Research Building .
pass through the 67 George on your way to the Arnold Laboratory .
go to or through the Manning . always avoid going to the Manning through Marston Hall
avoid Faunce House and go to Brown Bear .
go through The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ to the Wilbour Hall .
move to the Horace Mann House and then move to Carrie Tower .
navigate to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ through the Lot 18 .
navigate to the Horace Mann House always avoiding the Sayles Hall .
go from the William Goddard Memorial Gate to the Mencoff Hall
always avoid going to Saint Stephens Church through the Starbucks
avoid the first and The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ and go to Gardner House .
avoid the BERT until going to the The Ivy Room .
go to Littlefield Hall then Class of 1872 Gate .
head to the Blue Room .
go to the Sayles Hall while avoiding Hegeman .
go to or through the Soldiers Memorial Gate always avoid going to the Soldiers Memorial Gate through Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences
go to J.W. Wilson but always stay away from Gardner House .
go to Horace Mann House before going to the Hegeman .
avoid the Class of 1872 Gate until going to the Medical Research Lab .
go to Circle Dance Sculpture while avoiding the first and List Art Building .
go to the Lot 76 via the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop and then go to the Brown University .
always avoid the Carrie Tower and go to Brown Bear .
go to the Arnold Laboratory then go to the Hughes Court .
proceed to Carrie Tower but avoid Medical Research Lab on the way . if you have reached Carrie Tower then you can proceed to Medical Research Lab .
go to the Urban Environmental Lab
navigate to Lot 17 through the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
avoid Finlandia until going to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
move to the Urban Environmental Lab and then move to Maxcy Hall .
always avoid 67 George and navigate to the John Carter Brown Library .
move to the Swearer Center for Public Service but ensure to go to the Circle Dance Sculpture first .
go to the Urban Environmental Lab
avoid Horace Mann House until navigating to Carrie Tower .
go to the Blue Room without going to Blue Room .
avoid the Starbucks until after navigating to the Slater Hall .
move to the Marston Hall but ensure to go to the Brown University first .
move to the Rockefeller Library .
avoid Campus Market until going to the Hegeman .
go to the University Hall only through the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity
navigate to Hughes Court .
go to the Lot 17 while always avoiding Brown Bear
go to the Sayles Hall by first going through Hope College .
from the Lot 18 , go to Prospect House directly .
go through the The Ivy Room and navigate to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences avoiding the Circle Dance Sculpture .
always avoid the Lot 18 , go to the Maxcy Green .
go through the Maxcy Hall to the Robinson Gate .
go to or through William Goddard Memorial Gate avoiding going through 67 George
go through Wriston Quad before going to the Wilbour Hall .
go to the Manning while always avoiding the Urban Environmental Lab
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate via Friedman Hall .
avoid the John Hay Library until you enter the Robinson Hall .
visit Mencoff Hall but do n't leave the Sears .
go to the The Ivy Room , avoiding Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to the War Memorial before you go to Minden Hall .
go to Hughes Court through the Lyman Hall .
go to the Lot 18 .
go to Urban Environmental Lab
go to or through the Lincoln Field Building while avoiding going through the Prince Engineering Lab
avoid the J.W. Wilson until you go to the Metcalf Research Building .
navigate to the Lot 17 but do not pass through the War Memorial .
go to the Robinson Gate .
go to Watson Center for Information Technology through the Quiet Green
avoid Brown Bear until going to Friedman Hall .
go to the Brown Bear while staying on the Brown University Sciences Library .
go to The Ivy Room but always stay away from 86 Waterman  .
avoid the Prince Engineering Lab until you go to the Starbucks .
go to the Sears by first going through the Robinson Gate .
go to or through the Starbucks always avoid going through the Circle Dance Sculpture
head to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall , but make sure to go through the Arnold Laboratory first .
avoid the Untitled Lamp/Bear until you navigate to the War Memorial .
go to or through Marcus Aurelius avoiding going through Horace Mann House
avoid the The Ivy Room and go to the Brown Bear .
go to Prince Engineering Lab .
go to Citizen's Bank before going to Brown Bear
avoid the Brown University and go to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to or through the Saint Stephens Church always avoid going through the Class of 1872 Gate
go to the Citizen's Bank then go to College Green .
go to the Starbucks and then go to the Finlandia .
go to the Casey Shearer Memorial before going to Van Wickle Gates .
avoid Arnold Laboratory until going to Faunce House .
go to the Sears via Shirley Miller House .
go to Shirley Miller House through the Circle Dance Sculpture .
avoid the first and College Green and go to List Art Building .
go to Gardner House through the Simmons Quadrangle
go to Rhode Island Hall
avoid J.W. Wilson until after reaching P-131317 .
go through Maxcy Hall to the Prince Engineering Lab .
go to the Rhode Island Hall and then go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
head to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate after going to the War Memorial .
go through the Soldiers Memorial Gate to the Lot 17 .
while avoiding the Faunce House , navigate to Mencoff Hall .
avoid the Caswell Hall until going to the Rockefeller Library .
go to Faunce House .
go to the Sharpe Refectory but avoid Hegeman .
navigate to the The Ivy Room , always avoiding the Finlandia .
go to the Van Wickle Gates and then head to Lyman Hall .
go to the Carrie Tower and then go to the Arnold Laboratory .
avoid the Watson Center for Information Technology and go to Brown University Sciences Library .
avoid the Idee di pietra until going to the Sharpe Refectory .
go to the John Hay Library while always avoiding Prospect House
avoid the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate until you go through the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
avoid Lincoln Field Building until going to the University Hall .
pass through Littlefield Hall before going to the Citizen's Bank .
avoid the Swearer Center for Public Service and go to the Minden Hall .
go to J.W. Wilson through the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
first navigate to Sayles Hall , then go to Blue Room .
go to J.W. Wilson and always avoid the Lot 18
avoid the University Hall and go to the Lincoln Field Building .
go to Starbucks while avoiding Casey Shearer Memorial
from the Littlefield Hall go to John Carter Brown Library .
avoid the Lot 18 , navigate to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to the Brown Bear .
avoid Minden Hall until you go to the Brown Bear .
go to the Lyman Hall , then navigate to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
avoid Idee di pietra and go to the Campus Market .
go to Class of 1887 Gate before going to Finlandia .
go to the Brown University then the Kassar House .
go to or through the Wriston Quad . always avoid going to the Wriston Quad through Morgan Witter Rogers Gate
always go from the Robinson Gate to the Finlandia .
navigate to the Marcus Aurelius through the Saint Stephens Church .
move to the Maxcy Green .
go to The Ivy Room while avoiding going through any other objects
stay on the Finlandia and go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to the Citizen's Bank through Casey Shearer Memorial
go to the Prospect House .
go to the Hope College while always avoiding the Marcus Aurelius
avoid Lot 17 until you go to the Littlefield Hall .
go to the John Hay Library , then proceed to Campus Market .
go to the Caswell Hall and then go to the Barus Building .
go to or through the Wriston Quad while avoiding going through the Saint Stephens Church
go to the Campus Market whilst avoiding the Friedman Hall .
avoid Lippit House until going to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to the 86 Waterman  by avoiding Mencoff Hall and then stay in the 86 Waterman  or continue to Mencoff Hall
go through Idee di pietra on your way to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
navigate to the Barus Building before going to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to the Kassar House through Untitled Lamp/Bear
stay away from the Class of 1887 Gate and go to Salomon Center for Teaching .
go through the Wayland to the Lyman Hall .
navigate to the John Carter Brown Library , always avoiding the Littlefield Hall .
go to John Carter Brown Library and then to War Memorial
go to the Horace Mann House through the Manning .
go through the Norwood House before navigating to Maxcy Hall .
go to the P-131317 while avoiding Simmons Quadrangle
avoid the Rhode Island Hall until after going to the Brown University Sciences Library .
go to the Finlandia only through the Walter Hall
go to Finlandia .
go to Sayles Hall
go to the War Memorial
go from the Soldiers Memorial Gate to the Shirley Miller House
go to the Minden Hall .
go to Van Wickle Gates .
go to Starbucks through the Horace Mann House .
go to Lot 76 , avoiding the Finlandia
proceed to the Rockefeller Library by going through the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
always avoid Wayland and go through the Barus Building .
avoid the Brown Bear until reaching Hughes Court .
from the Starbucks , go to Salomon Center for Teaching directly .
go to the Lot 17 , then proceed to Robinson Hall .
go to Metcalf Research Building without going into the Marston Hall
go to the Idee di pietra through the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall
avoid the Blue Room and navigate to the 86 Waterman  .
go to Marston Hall through the Brown University .
go to the Wayland
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color avoiding Lot 76 .
go to Prospect House before going in the BERT
avoid Lincoln Field Building until going to the John Hay Library .
go to or through the Medical Research Lab always avoid going to the Medical Research Lab through University Hall
go through the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology before going to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
navigate to Slater Hall .
avoid Simmons Quadrangle and go to P-131317 .
go to the Faunce House while avoiding the Urban Environmental Lab
avoid the Class of 1872 Gate until going to the Brown University .
go to Campus Market through the Brown Bear .
avoid Untitled Lamp/Bear and go to the Brown University .
go from the Lyman Hall to Faunce House
go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to the Marcus Aurelius avoiding P-131317 .
go to the Sears .
move to the Maxcy Green .
move to the Metcalf Research Building but ensure to go to the Minden Hall first .
go to the Wayland , and then go to the Citizen's Bank .
avoid Gardner House and move into the Minden Hall .
go to the Campus Market through the Quiet Green .
navigate to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences then continue to Lot 17 .
go to the Hegeman while avoiding Minden Hall and the Minden Hall
avoid the Robinson Hall and go to Lincoln Field Building .
always avoid Salomon Center for Teaching and go to Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to Lincoln Field Building but do not enter the Hughes Court first .
avoid the Kassar House and go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop if you reached the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop , you can now go to the Kassar House or stay on Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go through the Salomon Center for Teaching to the Marston Hall .
go from the Wilbour Hall to the Saint Stephens Church
avoid Circle Dance Sculpture until going to Brown Center for Students of Color .
always pass through the Sears to get to Urban Environmental Lab .
go to the Wriston Quad while always avoiding the John Nicholas Brown Gate
go to the 67 George through Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop
proceed to Carrie Tower but avoid University Hall on the way . if you have reached Carrie Tower then you can proceed to University Hall .
go to the Littlefield Hall through Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to the Slater Hall through the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences
navigate to the Class of 1872 Gate before going to the Medical Research Lab .
go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ through Metcalf Research Building .
go to the Caswell Hall and then to 67 George .
go to the Brown Bear without touching Wriston Quad .
avoid the Caswell Hall until you go to the Rhode Island Hall .
always avoid Circle Dance Sculpture and go to Littlefield Hall .
avoid the Class of 1872 Gate until going to the Hughes Court .
avoid the Rhode Island Hall until reaching the Starbucks .
go through the Finlandia to the Lot 17 .
avoid the Shirley Miller House and go to Marston Hall .
go to the Norwood House but do not enter the College Green first .
go to the 86 Waterman  without going to the University Hall . if you reached the 86 Waterman  , now you can go to the University Hall .
go to the Starbucks and then go directly to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to Caswell Hall through Friedman Hall .
avoid the John Hay Library until going to Idee di pietra .
remain on the Caswell Hall and go directly to the Maxcy Green .
go to the Brown University whilst avoiding the Hope College .
go to the Manning .
go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences via Brown Bear .
go through the BERT to the Van Wickle Gates
go to Littlefield Hall , then go to The Ivy Room .
go to the Sayles Hall and avoid Maddock Alumni  .
go to the P-131317 by touching the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to the John Hay Library before you go to Sears .
avoid Kassar House and go to Norwood House if you 've reached Norwood House then you can go to Kassar House .
go to John Carter Brown Library through Robinson Gate .
navigate to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority always passing through the Simmons Quadrangle .
go to the John Carter Brown Library
go to the Lyman Hall , then go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to the Medical Research Lab while staying on the Saint Stephens Church .
always pass Robinson Gate before Hope College .
go to the Wriston Quad but avoid the 67 George .
go to Mencoff Hall through the List Art Building .
avoid Brown University Sciences Library until you go to John Carter Brown Library .
go to Hope College while always avoiding the Brown University Sciences Library .
go to Barus Building . then go directly to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences
avoid the List Art Building until after navigating to the Prince Engineering Lab .
avoid the Idee di pietra as you go to the Horace Mann House .
avoid the List Art Building and go to Brown Center for Students of Color .
go from the Brown Bear to University Hall .
go to the John Carter Brown Library through Prince Engineering Lab .
navigate to the John Hay Library always avoiding the Kassar House .
go through Blue Room to Marston Hall .
avoid the Barus Building and go to the Horace Mann House .
go to the Prince Engineering Lab through the Brown Bear .
go to Maddock Alumni  before going to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to the Friedman Hall through the Saint Stephens Church .
move to the BERT and then head to Sears .
avoid Barus Building until going to Brown Bear .
go through the Barus Building to the Wayland .
go to Minden Hall . then go directly to Marston Hall
travel to Wriston Quad .
go to Rhode Island Hall .
go from the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate to Horace Mann House .
avoid the Carrie Tower until you go to Robinson Hall
pass through the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences before going to the Prince Engineering Lab .
stay on the Brown Center for Students of Color and navigate to Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate before going to Untitled Lamp/Bear
avoid the Marston Hall and go to the List Art Building .
avoid the second and Kassar House and go to the John Hay Library .
travel to John Hay Library .
go to the Shirley Miller House before going to the Medical Research Lab .
go to Friedman Hall and then go to the Horace Mann House .
avoid Soldiers Memorial Gate and go to the Friedman Hall .
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall whilst avoiding the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to the Swearer Center for Public Service via Horace Mann House .
navigate to the Gardner House but never go to the John Carter Brown Library .
avoid Salomon Center for Teaching and go to Urban Environmental Lab .
go to the Casey Shearer Memorial by first going through the P-131317 .
navigate to the Maxcy Green always passing through the Medical Research Lab .
go to the Marston Hall by avoiding Lot 17 and then stay in the Marston Hall or continue to Lot 17
avoid the Marcus Aurelius and go to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
navigate to 86 Waterman  through the Brown University .
go to Rhode Island Hall through Lyman Hall
pass through Prospect House on your way to the Campus Market .
avoid J.W. Wilson and go to the Lippit House .
go through the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate before going to Kassar House
go to the Lot 76
go to Citizen's Bank and then go to the Metcalf Research Building .
go to Soldiers Memorial Gate whilst avoiding the Shirley Miller House .
go to the Urban Environmental Lab
stay away from the 67 George and go to Lot 76 .
go to the Barus Building then go Idee di pietra .
move to the Brown Bear .
go through the Brown University before going to the Metcalf Research Building .
go to Rockefeller Library and proceed to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to the Saint Stephens Church whilst avoiding the War Memorial .
avoid Urban Environmental Lab and go to J.W. Wilson .
go to the Campus Market without going to the Hegeman .
always avoid Sears while going to William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to the College Green .
go to Marcus Aurelius through Alpha Chi Omega Sorority
go to the Van Wickle Gates .
avoid Lincoln Field Building until reaching the Lot 18 .
navigate to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity then continue to 67 George .
go to Walter Hall and then go to the Slater Hall .
go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate , then go to Minden Hall .
go to the Friedman Hall while avoiding the Sears
always avoid going through the Marcus Aurelius to the Finlandia
avoid the Starbucks until going to the Medical Research Lab .
avoid the Campus Market until going to the Lippit House .
go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences , then go to Untitled Lamp/Bear .
avoid the John Carter Brown Library until going to the Robinson Hall .
go through Van Wickle Gates before going to the Brown University .
avoid Idee di pietra until going to the Rockefeller Library .
pass through the List Art Building before going to the Hughes Court .
always avoid The Ivy Room and navigate to the Maxcy Hall .
navigate to the Mencoff Hall always passing through the Idee di pietra .
avoid the Lincoln Field Building and go to the Finlandia .
avoid the Robinson Gate until you go to Urban Environmental Lab .
go to the Lippit House .
avoid Saint Stephens Church until you have passed through Hegeman
avoid the Class of 1872 Gate and go to the Maddock Alumni  .
go to the Slater Hall without going through the Norwood House .
visit the Urban Environmental Lab then go to the Norwood House .
avoid Norwood House until you go to Lot 17 .
avoid Rhode Island Hall and go to Simmons Quadrangle if you 've reached Simmons Quadrangle then you can go to Rhode Island Hall .
go to the Saint Stephens Church while avoiding the Wilbour Hall
advance to Campus Market but always avoid the Urban Environmental Lab .
move to the Hope College avoiding Class of 1887 Gate if you got to the Hope College then you can continue to Class of 1887 Gate .
avoid Saint Stephens Church and go to the Slavery Memorial .
navigate to the P-131317 but do not pass through the Saint Stephens Church .
navigate to the Saint Stephens Church .
go to Manning through the 86 Waterman  .
go to the Metcalf Research Building .
remain on the Prospect House and go directly to the Minden Hall .
go to Casey Shearer Memorial and avoid the Prince Engineering Lab .
avoid the Barus Building and go to the Starbucks .
always avoid Wriston Quad , and navigate to Brown University .
go to the Casey Shearer Memorial through Medical Research Lab
go to Brown Bear through the Wilbour Hall .
avoid Simmons Quadrangle until navigating to Brown University .
avoid the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology until you go to the Hughes Court .
go to Swearer Center for Public Service always avoiding the Simmons Quadrangle .
travel through the Lincoln Field Building then go to the Urban Environmental Lab .
avoid Hegeman until going to the Lincoln Field Building .
go to The Ivy Room .
go to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
avoid the Campus Market until going to the Simmons Quadrangle .
go to the Carrie Tower before going to War Memorial .
advance to Prince Engineering Lab but always avoid the Blue Room .
go to Lot 17
go to the Casey Shearer Memorial while avoiding Walter Hall
avoid Morgan Witter Rogers Gate until you go to the Saint Stephens Church .
do n't go into the Lot 18 until going to Carrie Tower
go to the Campus Market but do not enter the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ first .
go to BERT before going to the Starbucks .
go to the Arnold Laboratory then go to the Marcus Aurelius .
avoid the Saint Stephens Church until going to Idee di pietra .
avoid College Green until after reaching Friedman Hall .
always avoid Van Wickle Gates and go to Campus Market .
avoid the Robinson Gate until going to the Sears .
go to Marston Hall through the Manning
go to the Barus Building without going through the Sharpe Refectory .
go to Marston Hall
avoid the 86 Waterman  until you go to the J.W. Wilson .
avoid Brown University Sciences Library until going to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
always avoid Slater Hall and go to the Hope College .
avoid the Maxcy Hall and go to the Prince Engineering Lab .
go to the Maxcy Hall
navigate from the William Goddard Memorial Gate to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
navigate to Maxcy Hall .
go to Circle Dance Sculpture avoiding the John Carter Brown Library . then go to the John Carter Brown Library or stay on Circle Dance Sculpture .
always pass through the John Hay Library to get to Lincoln Field Building .
go to Circle Dance Sculpture before going to Lot 18 .
avoid the first and Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology and go to Lincoln Field Building .
go through Morgan Witter Rogers Gate before going to the Sayles Hall .
go to the Robinson Gate by first going through the Gardner House .
avoid John Hay Library and go to the Lot 18 .
avoid Mencoff Hall until you go to List Art Building .
proceed to the Walter Hall but do n't leave the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
avoid the Mencoff Hall and go to the Hegeman .
stay on the The Ivy Room and navigate to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to Rockefeller Library via the Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to Mencoff Hall and then to Shirley Miller House
go through the Minden Hall first , then go to the Friedman Hall .
go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology always avoiding the Hegeman .
go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ then go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ while avoiding the Maddock Alumni  and if you have reached the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ then you can go to the Maddock Alumni  .
avoid the first and Robinson Hall and go to Brown Center for Students of Color .
avoid 86 Waterman  until after reaching The Ivy Room .
do not navigate away from the Littlefield Hall and go to the Kassar House .
go up to Brown University .
go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate . if you reached the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate then you may go to the University Hall .
go to the Gardner House avoiding Hope College .
avoid Starbucks until you go to Simmons Quadrangle .
go from the Van Wickle Gates to Class of 1887 Gate .
move to the Lyman Hall .
move to Citizen's Bank , but go through the 67 George first .
move to the List Art Building then continue to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
always go through the Shirley Miller House before going to Kassar House .
always avoid Urban Environmental Lab while going to Van Wickle Gates .
move to the Campus Market .
go through the Class of 1872 Gate to the BERT .
go to Wilbour Hall through the Brown Bear .
go to the Slavery Memorial without ever leaving the Sears .
go to the Marcus Aurelius and avoid Littlefield Hall .
always avoid Untitled Lamp/Bear and go to Class of 1872 Gate .
go to Casey Shearer Memorial while avoiding the Class of 1872 Gate .
always avoid the Citizen's Bank while navigating to John Hay Library .
go to the Brown University without going to the Class of 1887 Gate . if you reached the Brown University , now you can go to the Class of 1887 Gate .
go to the Prince Engineering Lab through the Lyman Hall .
go to the Maxcy Green avoiding Minden Hall if you reached the Maxcy Green then you may go to Minden Hall .
go to 1 Class of 1887 Gate after Lot 76
go to Littlefield Hall through the University Hall .
go through Faunce House to the Rockefeller Library .
go to the Prospect House through the John Hay Library
go through Wayland before going to the Mencoff Hall .
go to the John Hay Library and then to Quiet Green .
go to the Brown University Sciences Library and then go to the Van Wickle Gates .
go through the Van Wickle Gates to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
avoid the second and Quiet Green and go to the Marston Hall .
go to the Lincoln Field Building via Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to Hegeman then go to the Metcalf Research Building .
navigate to the Lot 18 , and then navigate to the Shirley Miller House .
always avoid Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop and go to Manning .
without stepping in the Faunce House , go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to the Maddock Alumni  or the University Hall only .
go to Lot 76 whilst avoiding the Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to the Citizen's Bank avoiding Lyman Hall .
avoid Metcalf Research Building until you pass through Wayland .
avoid Maxcy Green and go to the Friedman Hall .
head to the Arnold Laboratory and then head to the Starbucks .
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate while avoiding the University Hall and if you have reached the William Goddard Memorial Gate then you can go to the University Hall .
avoid the Finlandia until reaching Van Wickle Gates .
always avoid Rockefeller Library and navigate to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
avoid John Hay Library and go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
always avoid the The Ivy Room and travel to Blue Room .
always avoid Caswell Hall and go to the Hope College .
move to Brown University , but go through the Class of 1872 Gate first .
move to Carrie Tower but avoid Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to Mencoff Hall , then go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
navigate to the Soldiers Memorial Gate before going to the Maddock Alumni  .
travel to Van Wickle Gates .
visit the Quiet Green then go to the Arnold Laboratory .
go to Salomon Center for Teaching without going to College Green
avoid 86 Waterman  and go to the Carrie Tower .
go to the Marcus Aurelius without going to Mencoff Hall .
go to the Brown Bear by avoiding Prince Engineering Lab if you reached the Brown Bear , then you can proceed to Prince Engineering Lab .
go to the Starbucks and then go directly to the Lyman Hall .
avoid GeoChem and Macmillian Hall until you go to Brown Bear .
go to the Quiet Green , then go to the The Ivy Room .
start on the John Hay Library and move directly to Starbucks .
go directly to John Hay Library
navigate to the Slater Hall while avoiding BERT .
go to the Kassar House and then go to the Gardner House .
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color through Brown Bear
go to Sharpe Refectory
navigate to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop , avoiding GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
avoid the Blue Room until you go through the Hughes Court .
avoid the J.W. Wilson until you go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
avoiding the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ , go to Van Wickle Gates .
always avoid P-131317 and navigate to the Faunce House .
always avoid the Class of 1872 Gate and travel to Sharpe Refectory .
go to the Hughes Court or the Finlandia only .
go to the Simmons Quadrangle .
avoid Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences until you go to the The Ivy Room .
go to the Gardner House and then go to the Wilbour Hall .
go to the Saint Stephens Church through Finlandia .
do n't go into the Lot 18 until going to Sears
navigate to the Hegeman , and then navigate to the Kassar House .
go to the Faunce House , then navigate to the 67 George .
avoid Sears and go to Rockefeller Library .
go through Brown Bear on your way to the BERT .
navigate to the War Memorial then continue to University Hall .
go to the Medical Research Lab before going to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
avoid the Brown Bear until you go to Friedman Hall .
navigate to the Circle Dance Sculpture always avoiding the 86 Waterman  .
go to Medical Research Lab .
stay on the John Carter Brown Library and go to the Faunce House .
avoid Saint Stephens Church and go to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
while always avoiding the William Goddard Memorial Gate , go to Rockefeller Library .
avoiding the Slater Hall , go to Campus Market .
go to Maxcy Green without first passing through Starbucks .
always avoid The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ and go to Hegeman .
move to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go through the John Hay Library to Kassar House .
go to Sayles Hall by first going to the J.W. Wilson .
avoid the Slavery Memorial
go to Maddock Alumni  through the List Art Building
avoid Maxcy Green until reaching the Sayles Hall .
go to a spot in the War Memorial , but do n't touch Citizen's Bank .
go to BERT through the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to Hegeman
go to the John Carter Brown Library and avoid the Lot 76 .
avoid University Hall until after you go to John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to the Slater Hall avoiding Van Wickle Gates .
go through the Marston Hall before going to the Simmons Quadrangle .
go through the Citizen's Bank to Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go from the Class of 1887 Gate to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences
navigate to Hope College then continue to the Brown University Sciences Library .
avoid Maxcy Green until going to the Manning .
avoid the first and 67 George and go to Finlandia .
go to the Class of 1872 Gate before going to Slavery Memorial .
go to the Metcalf Research Building through the Friedman Hall .
move to the Norwood House while avoiding the Maxcy Hall .
navigate to the Hegeman through the Blue Room .
go to the Lot 76 then go to Saint Stephens Church
go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority before going in the Lyman Hall .
go to the Starbucks avoiding Rhode Island Hall .
avoid the second and Maxcy Hall and go to the Lot 17 .
go to the Kassar House then the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
avoid the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity until you go to the Gardner House .
avoid the Casey Shearer Memorial until you go through the Wayland .
avoid the Sharpe Refectory until you go to the J.W. Wilson .
go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology avoiding the Minden Hall . then go to the Minden Hall or stay on Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
navigate to Marston Hall through the 67 George .
always avoid Van Wickle Gates and navigate to Norwood House .
go to the Slater Hall through BERT .
while avoiding the Medical Research Lab , navigate to Van Wickle Gates .
avoid Slavery Memorial until going to the College Green .
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority while avoiding Casey Shearer Memorial and the Casey Shearer Memorial
go to Norwood House .
avoid Idee di pietra and go to Urban Environmental Lab if you have reached Urban Environmental Lab then you can go to Idee di pietra .
go to Sharpe Refectory and avoid the Barus Building .
go to the Wriston Quad .
go to the J.W. Wilson by first going through the Simmons Quadrangle .
first navigate to the Gardner House , then make your way to the Brown Bear .
go to the John Hay Library through the Shirley Miller House .
always avoid Maxcy Hall and go to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
avoid Prince Engineering Lab and go to Brown University if you have reached Brown University then you can go to Prince Engineering Lab .
avoid War Memorial until you pass through Manning .
avoid Brown Bear and proceed to Lot 18
go to the Urban Environmental Lab .
go to John Hay Library after navigating to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority before going to Barus Building
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching without ever leaving the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to the 86 Waterman  through BERT
avoid the Medical Research Lab and the Maddock Alumni  and go to Medical Research Lab .
navigate to the Gardner House staying on the Carrie Tower .
go to Hope College , avoiding the War Memorial
go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology through Finlandia .
go to Starbucks , then head to the Caswell Hall .
go through the Arnold Laboratory to The Ivy Room .
go to or through the Watson Center for Information Technology always avoid going through the Friedman Hall
navigate to the J.W. Wilson through the Gardner House .
avoid the Robinson Hall until going to the Horace Mann House .
avoid John Hay Library and go to Hegeman if you 've reached Hegeman then you can go to John Hay Library .
navigate to Maddock Alumni  , always avoiding Maxcy Green .
navigate to the Hughes Court after going to the Sears .
go to Urban Environmental Lab .
go to Robinson Gate before going in the Lincoln Field Building
navigate to the Prospect House through the Lot 17 .
avoid Walter Hall until you go to Wriston Quad .
go from the Starbucks to Minden Hall
proceed to the Lot 76 .
visit the Finlandia then go to the Brown Bear .
navigate to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to Quiet Green then go to Quiet Green .
go to the Hughes Court and then to Maddock Alumni  .
go to the Idee di pietra while avoiding Medical Research Lab
go to the Urban Environmental Lab .
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching then go to Gardner House
get to Horace Mann House , while avoiding Brown Bear
go to the Lippit House via the 67 George .
move to Maxcy Hall , but go through the Lot 17 first .
avoid Brown University and go to the Van Wickle Gates .
navigate through Van Wickle Gates and go to the Class of 1887 Gate .
go to the P-131317 .
navigate to the Starbucks .
go to the Friedman Hall by first going through the Arnold Laboratory .
always avoid Gardner House and go to Quiet Green
navigate to Lyman Hall through the Circle Dance Sculpture .
avoid the Circle Dance Sculpture on your way to Lincoln Field Building .
go to the Hope College before you go to the Brown University .
always avoid the Brown Center for Students of Color and navigate to the Sayles Hall .
move to Finlandia without entering the 67 George . then you may stay at Finlandia or go to the 67 George .
avoid the University Hall and go to the Starbucks .
go through Wayland to the Maxcy Hall .
go to Hope College then go to Arnold Laboratory .
always avoid The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ and navigate to the Saint Stephens Church .
go to Saint Stephens Church and then go to the Lippit House .
navigate to the Idee di pietra , avoiding Hughes Court .
always avoid Lincoln Field Building , and navigate to Mencoff Hall .
go through Hope College then go to Caswell Hall .
go to Blue Room while avoiding the first and Class of 1887 Gate .
always avoid going to William Goddard Memorial Gate through the Class of 1872 Gate
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity through the Manning
go to the Robinson Gate , then go to the Slavery Memorial .
go to the Sears while avoiding the John Carter Brown Library .
go through Blue Room to the Sayles Hall .
go to University Hall , avoid the Untitled Lamp/Bear until you have been to the University Hall
go through the Maxcy Green first , then go to the Rhode Island Hall .
first navigate to the Medical Research Lab , then make your way to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to College Green before going to Shirley Miller House .
navigate to Gardner House .
head to the John Hay Library avoiding Lot 17 .
go to Rhode Island Hall passing through the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to the Walter Hall through the Robinson Gate
go to Slavery Memorial through the Maddock Alumni 
travel to Wayland .
navigate to the Slavery Memorial through the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go through the List Art Building to Medical Research Lab .
go to the Prince Engineering Lab while avoiding the Lot 76
go to the Starbucks then go to the 67 George
go to the Campus Market through the Littlefield Hall
go to the Lot 18 through the Sayles Hall .
head to the Lippit House , but make sure to go through the Saint Stephens Church first .
avoid the Sharpe Refectory until you go to the Rhode Island Hall .
go to the Finlandia through Alpha Chi Omega Sorority
go to John Hay Library through the Lot 17
go to the BERT and then go to William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to BERT always avoiding the Lyman Hall .
go to BERT avoiding the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity . then go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity or stay on BERT .
navigate to the Rockefeller Library .
avoid the Finlandia until you go to William Goddard Memorial Gate
go to the Van Wickle Gates before going to Lot 17
go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go through the 86 Waterman  before going to the Slavery Memorial .
got to Hope College through the Hughes Court .
go to the Horace Mann House while avoiding Prospect House .
go up to the Lippit House without going to Littlefield Hall .
go from the Slavery Memorial to the Class of 1887 Gate
avoid the Saint Stephens Church before you navigate to the Sayles Hall .
move to the J.W. Wilson and then move to Wriston Quad .
go to the Horace Mann House before going to The Ivy Room
always go through the Hegeman before going to Quiet Green .
go to the Norwood House while avoiding the Hope College
go to John Hay Library then Hughes Court .
proceed to William Goddard Memorial Gate without going through the Hope College .
go to Arnold Laboratory first , without passing through the Blue Room
always pass Marcus Aurelius to get to level 1 .
avoid Citizen's Bank on your way to the John Carter Brown Library .
navigate to the Blue Room .
go through the Gardner House to the Campus Market .
go to the List Art Building , then go to the Slavery Memorial .
go from the Starbucks to the Mencoff Hall
always avoid going to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority through the Lot 18
go to the Class of 1887 Gate without going to Prince Engineering Lab .
go to Marcus Aurelius and proceed to Minden Hall .
go to the List Art Building without going through the Gardner House . if you reached the List Art Building then you can go to the Gardner House , or be done .
go to the P-131317 and go down to the J.W. Wilson .
go to the Wayland before going to Saint Stephens Church .
avoid the Brown University until going to the John Carter Brown Library .
go directly to John Hay Library .
go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate through the Watson Center for Information Technology .
avoid Circle Dance Sculpture and go to the Manning .
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to the Hughes Court but do not enter the Medical Research Lab first .
go to Citizen's Bank then Lyman Hall .
first go to the Finlandia and then go to Hughes Court .
avoid John Carter Brown Library until you go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to the Quiet Green .
move to the Horace Mann House .
go to the Robinson Hall through Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to Brown Bear .
go to the Marcus Aurelius then go to Friedman Hall .
pass through P-131317 before going to the Hughes Court .
avoid 67 George and go to the Lot 76 .
avoid the Watson Center for Information Technology and travel to the Marcus Aurelius .
avoid the Sharpe Refectory and go to the Carrie Tower .
go to Maddock Alumni  through Caswell Hall .
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ and then to the Manning .
always avoid the Shirley Miller House and go to the Sears .
go to or through the Robinson Hall while avoiding going through the Littlefield Hall
go to Friedman Hall through the Hope College
move toward the Van Wickle Gates .
always avoid Arnold Laboratory and navigate to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
avoid Rockefeller Library until going to the Prospect House .
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority avoiding the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall . if you get to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority you can then proceed to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall
go to University Hall through Lot 76
go to Circle Dance Sculpture through the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
move to Lyman Hall but avoid Slavery Memorial .
avoid Morgan Witter Rogers Gate and go to BERT if you have reached BERT then you can go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to Manning while staying on the 67 George .
go to the Class of 1872 Gate then move to the Lincoln Field Building .
go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop and avoid the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Brown University Sciences Library through the Maxcy Hall
always go through the College Green to get to the Friedman Hall .
navigate to the Medical Research Lab always passing through the Lot 17 .
go to the Hope College .
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity
go to the Marston Hall without going to the Wriston Quad .
go to Starbucks and avoid the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Starbucks avoiding the Littlefield Hall . go through the Starbucks to get to the Littlefield Hall .
do n't go into the Norwood House until going to Slavery Memorial
avoid the The Ivy Room until navigating to the Marcus Aurelius .
avoid the Starbucks on the way to Rhode Island Hall .
go to the Maxcy Green and go down to the Sayles Hall .
first move to BERT then navigate to the Lippit House .
go to 86 Waterman  before going in the Barus Building .
start on the Kassar House , go directly to the Slater Hall .
go to John Hay Library always avoiding the Maxcy Hall .
avoid the Metcalf Research Building until you go to the Maxcy Hall .
stay on the Medical Research Lab and go to the Robinson Hall .
go to 67 George through the Brown University
go to John Hay Library through the Citizen's Bank .
go through Friedman Hall before going to the Simmons Quadrangle .
avoiding the Van Wickle Gates , go to Swearer Center for Public Service .
avoid the Hughes Court and go to the Sharpe Refectory .
avoid Rockefeller Library and go to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to Quiet Green through the Walter Hall .
do n't go into the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences until going to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate
go through Starbucks to the Saint Stephens Church .
navigate to the Robinson Gate always avoiding the Hughes Court .
go to Swearer Center for Public Service . then go directly to Lincoln Field Building
go to the Lincoln Field Building .
stay on the Quiet Green and go to List Art Building .
avoid the 86 Waterman  until you go to Wriston Quad
avoid the Medical Research Lab until after going to the Caswell Hall .
always avoid Citizen's Bank and navigate to Saint Stephens Church .
move to the John Hay Library then continue to the Maxcy Green .
go to J.W. Wilson after navigating to the Medical Research Lab .
go to the Idee di pietra .
always avoid Faunce House and go to Lippit House .
avoid the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop until going through College Green .
move to the Lincoln Field Building avoiding Class of 1887 Gate if you got to the Lincoln Field Building then you can continue to Class of 1887 Gate .
stay away from the Maddock Alumni  and go to Sharpe Refectory .
go to the BERT .
navigate to List Art Building .
navigate to the J.W. Wilson .
always avoid the Sayles Hall to navigate to Manning .
go to Lippit House then go to Lippit House .
go through the Untitled Lamp/Bear and navigate to the Starbucks .
go to Caswell Hall before going in the Manning .
go to the J.W. Wilson without going through the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to Brown Bear but avoid Blue Room .
always navigate to Minden Hall and then proceed to Hughes Court .
stay on the Robinson Hall and move to Caswell Hall .
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to the Sears without going to the Norwood House .
go to Circle Dance Sculpture , then go to 67 George .
go to the Idee di pietra after you go to the P-131317 .
go to Sharpe Refectory through the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to the Circle Dance Sculpture through the Mencoff Hall
go through the Prince Engineering Lab , then make your way to Class of 1872 Gate .
go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop and then go to the 86 Waterman  .
travel through the Lot 17 then go to the Marston Hall .
navigate to the Faunce House .
always go through Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop and then to the Brown Bear .
go to Rhode Island Hall through the Lot 18
avoid the Sears until you enter the Campus Market .
go to the 86 Waterman  and then to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching and then to the Faunce House .
visit GeoChem and Macmillian Hall but do n't leave the John Hay Library .
navigate to the Blue Room while avoiding Lincoln Field Building .
avoid Slater Hall and go to the Shirley Miller House .
travel to Friedman Hall .
go to John Hay Library without first passing through 67 George .
go to the Kassar House but do not enter the Faunce House first .
go up to the Quiet Green without going to Brown Bear .
go to or through the Shirley Miller House always avoid going through the Maxcy Green
navigate to the List Art Building .
avoid Lot 76 and go to the 67 George .
go to Lot 17 while avoiding going through any other objects
move to the Robinson Hall and then move to Slavery Memorial .
always go from the Wilbour Hall to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
avoid the William Goddard Memorial Gate until going to Manning .
go through John Nicholas Brown Gate to the Hegeman .
go to P-131317 through the Saint Stephens Church
go to the Hope College .
avoid the Brown Center for Students of Color and travel to the Lot 18 .
navigate to the War Memorial .
go to College Green but always stay away from Sayles Hall .
go through Alpha Chi Omega Sorority and then to the Prince Engineering Lab .
navigate to the Caswell Hall but never go to the Lippit House .
navigate to the Lot 17 , always avoiding the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
avoid the Manning until you reach Van Wickle Gates .
go through the Maxcy Hall before navigating to Brown Bear .
stay on the Van Wickle Gates and navigate to Wayland .
avoid Wilbour Hall and go to Barus Building if you 've reached Barus Building then you can go to Wilbour Hall .
go to or through Brown University avoiding going through Class of 1887 Gate
go to the Urban Environmental Lab via the 86 Waterman  .
avoid Starbucks and proceed to Citizen's Bank
go to the Circle Dance Sculpture by going through Quiet Green .
go to the Marcus Aurelius .
go to Wayland through Walter Hall
avoid the Wriston Quad until you go to 67 George
go to the Prince Engineering Lab but do not enter the Swearer Center for Public Service first .
go to Blue Room then go to Starbucks .
go to the Citizen's Bank through the Wriston Quad .
go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate via Saint Stephens Church .
always avoid the John Hay Library and travel to Kassar House .
avoid the Salomon Center for Teaching until you navigate to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to the Marston Hall whilst avoiding the Lot 17 .
head to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate avoiding War Memorial .
always avoid the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences and go to Manning .
always avoid Caswell Hall and navigate to Gardner House .
go to the Wriston Quad but avoid Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to Soldiers Memorial Gate via the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
head to Hegeman after going to the Brown Bear .
navigate to the Lincoln Field Building .
go up to J.W. Wilson .
from the Prospect House , navigate to the Friedman Hall .
go to Rockefeller Library through the Friedman Hall .
go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate by first visiting 86 Waterman  .
go through the Van Wickle Gates to the John Hay Library .
go to the Simmons Quadrangle
go to the Idee di pietra .
go to the Sayles Hall and avoid Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
avoid the J.W. Wilson and go to the Class of 1872 Gate .
go to Carrie Tower passing through the Medical Research Lab .
navigate to the Robinson Gate while avoiding War Memorial .
avoid the Campus Market until after navigating to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to the Starbucks and go down to the Lincoln Field Building .
go to the Maxcy Hall by touching the Wriston Quad .
go to Van Wickle Gates and then to Brown Bear
navigate to the Faunce House , avoiding List Art Building .
avoid the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences until going to Soldiers Memorial Gate .
avoid War Memorial and go to Walter Hall if you reached Walter Hall then you can go to War Memorial .
avoid the Arnold Laboratory and go to Citizen's Bank
go to Lyman Hall while avoiding the first and Brown Bear .
go to the Citizen's Bank from the Hegeman
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority
go from Idee di pietra to Salomon Center for Teaching .
avoid John Carter Brown Library until going to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
navigate to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences then continue to the Blue Room .
robot , go to the Lot 17 .
go from the Robinson Gate to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences
go to War Memorial through Soldiers Memorial Gate
go to the Robinson Hall , then go to the Wriston Quad .
go to the Casey Shearer Memorial avoiding Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate through GeoChem and Macmillian Hall
navigate to 86 Waterman  .
go to Minden Hall , then head to the BERT .
go to Hughes Court before going in the Gardner House
go to Sears .
navigate to the Van Wickle Gates before going to the Robinson Gate .
always avoid the The Ivy Room , go to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to the Faunce House and if you have reached the Faunce House you may proceed to the Carrie Tower or stay in the Faunce House .
avoid the Lyman Hall until you go to Brown Bear .
avoid the Prince Engineering Lab and go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to the Wilbour Hall through the Lot 18
go to the BERT by going through Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to the Mencoff Hall
visit the Medical Research Lab and then proceed to the Sharpe Refectory .
avoid 86 Waterman  and go to the Lippit House .
go to the John Hay Library and then to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go through the Maddock Alumni  before navigating to William Goddard Memorial Gate .
avoid Hegeman until after reaching Littlefield Hall .
go to Van Wickle Gates while avoiding the Robinson Hall .
go to University Hall through the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences
go through the Marston Hall to Maxcy Hall .
go through Finlandia to the Metcalf Research Building .
go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate
go to Maxcy Green
always pass Carrie Tower before GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to the John Hay Library through the Robinson Gate
always avoid the Lot 17 while navigating to the Class of 1887 Gate .
navigate to The Ivy Room , always avoiding Robinson Hall .
go to the Quiet Green .
move to the Starbucks .
proceed to the Robinson Hall but do n't leave the Sayles Hall .
go to the Faunce House first
navigate to Circle Dance Sculpture .
go through the Medical Research Lab to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to the Lot 18 through Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to the Saint Stephens Church through the Hope College .
move to anywhere on the Robinson Gate , then move to anywhere on the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Finlandia .
go to the John Hay Library and then head to Manning .
navigate to the Robinson Hall through the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to the Faunce House .
avoid Finlandia and go to the University Hall .
stay on the Prospect House and go to the Hope College .
go to a spot in the Blue Room , but do n't touch Robinson Gate .
avoid the William Goddard Memorial Gate until you navigate to the Maxcy Green .
avoid the BERT until you go to the Wilbour Hall .
avoid Lot 76 on your way to the War Memorial .
first go to the Robinson Hall and then go to Horace Mann House .
go from Untitled Lamp/Bear to Wriston Quad .
move to the Wriston Quad .
avoid Friedman Hall until going to the Sears .
go to the BERT without going to the Slater Hall . if you reached the BERT , now you can go to the Slater Hall .
go to John Nicholas Brown Gate before going to Finlandia .
from the Soldiers Memorial Gate , navigate to the Shirley Miller House .
go to Sears
go to Brown Bear then go to William Goddard Memorial Gate .
always avoid going to Slavery Memorial through the Lippit House
go to the P-131317 , and then go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to Robinson Hall before going to the Wriston Quad .
go through the Rockefeller Library then to the Brown Bear .
go to the Horace Mann House and then navigate to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to the Citizen's Bank before going to the Friedman Hall
go to the Prince Engineering Lab while avoiding Sharpe Refectory .
move to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
visit the Urban Environmental Lab and then proceed to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
avoid Kassar House until you go to the Simmons Quadrangle .
navigate to the Sears but never go to the Starbucks .
go up to Rockefeller Library .
avoid Shirley Miller House until you go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go through the Marston Hall then to the 86 Waterman  .
always avoid Faunce House and go to the Walter Hall .
always avoid List Art Building and navigate to Circle Dance Sculpture .
avoid the Untitled Lamp/Bear until navigating to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
avoid the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences and go to the Slavery Memorial .
go to Brown Bear through the Urban Environmental Lab .
go to Prince Engineering Lab while avoiding going through any other objects
go to Lyman Hall through the Blue Room
pass through Morgan Witter Rogers Gate on your way to the Campus Market .
go to the Lot 18 while avoiding Rockefeller Library
navigate to the Prince Engineering Lab through the Marston Hall .
navigate to the Salomon Center for Teaching while avoiding the College Green .
go through Circle Dance Sculpture on your way to the John Hay Library .
go to the Class of 1887 Gate
go through the Friedman Hall to the Citizen's Bank .
go to the Caswell Hall .
go to the Idee di pietra while avoiding Wriston Quad
go to Maxcy Hall and then to Wayland
avoid the Lincoln Field Building and go to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
avoid the Class of 1887 Gate until you navigate to the Starbucks .
go to the Finlandia
stay on the Maddock Alumni  and go to Norwood House .
go to the Class of 1872 Gate , then go to the Norwood House
avoid the Barus Building
navigate to Mencoff Hall then continue to the Brown Bear .
go to Watson Center for Information Technology and then go to the Littlefield Hall .
always pass through the Brown University Sciences Library to get to Robinson Gate .
visit the Casey Shearer Memorial then go to the Prospect House .
go to the Sayles Hall through the Circle Dance Sculpture .
avoid Lot 18 and go to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
avoid the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate while going to the Kassar House .
navigate to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
avoid the John Hay Library until going through Slavery Memorial .
got to Hope College through the Carrie Tower .
move to BERT after moving to the Quiet Green .
avoid the Brown University until going to the Caswell Hall .
always avoid Lot 17 and go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
do not go to BERT until going to Brown University
without stepping in the Norwood House , go to Lot 18 .
stay away from the Casey Shearer Memorial and go to The Ivy Room .
go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate
go to Soldiers Memorial Gate , then up to The Ivy Room .
avoid the Starbucks and go to Gardner House
go to the Saint Stephens Church .
go to Horace Mann House but do not enter the Maxcy Hall first .
go to Slavery Memorial without going into the John Hay Library
go to anywhere on the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go from Rhode Island Hall to Campus Market .
avoid the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop until passing Wayland .
remain on the Barus Building and go directly to the Robinson Gate .
go to Hughes Court through Slavery Memorial
go to the Sharpe Refectory , then go to the List Art Building .
navigate to the List Art Building staying on the Marston Hall .
avoid the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate and navigate to the Wayland .
go to Circle Dance Sculpture through the Starbucks
go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences whilst avoiding the Mencoff Hall .
avoid the Barus Building until you navigate to 67 George .
go to Brown University Sciences Library and proceed to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to Hope College , then go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to the 86 Waterman  without going to the Prospect House .
go to the Lincoln Field Building avoiding Horace Mann House .
move toward the Lippit House .
avoid Maxcy Green and go to the Kassar House .
head to the Medical Research Lab .
avoid the Casey Shearer Memorial and go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
start on the Finlandia , go directly to the Norwood House .
avoid the Sharpe Refectory until you navigate to the War Memorial .
avoid the Prince Engineering Lab until going to Metcalf Research Building .
proceed to the John Hay Library but do n't leave the Minden Hall .
go through the Caswell Hall before going to the Arnold Laboratory .
go to the Maxcy Green without going to the Prince Engineering Lab
avoid the Manning while going to the J.W. Wilson .
go to Wriston Quad through List Art Building
go through the Slavery Memorial to the John Carter Brown Library .
go to the Sharpe Refectory through Prince Engineering Lab
go to Van Wickle Gates and proceed to Maddock Alumni  .
navigate to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences while avoiding Van Wickle Gates .
avoid the Walter Hall until passing Wriston Quad .
go through Quiet Green before going to the Maxcy Hall .
go to the Hope College while always avoiding Marston Hall
go to or through the J.W. Wilson always avoid going through the Marcus Aurelius
go through the Wriston Quad to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
navigate to the Brown Bear by passing through the P-131317 .
first go to Shirley Miller House , then go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
always pass John Hay Library before Watson Center for Information Technology .
navigate to the Maxcy Green always avoiding the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to the Citizen's Bank without ever leaving the Idee di pietra .
avoid the Soldiers Memorial Gate until you go to the Hope College .
go to or through the Lot 18 always avoid going through the Lot 76
go to the Prospect House by avoiding Untitled Lamp/Bear and then stay in the Prospect House or continue to Untitled Lamp/Bear
avoid the Littlefield Hall and go to the Gardner House .
always avoid The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ and go to Rhode Island Hall
navigate to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to the Gardner House before you go to Brown University .
move to the Finlandia while avoiding the Walter Hall .
go to the Hegeman first
avoid the Manning on your way to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
proceed to the Manning by going through the J.W. Wilson .
go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
always avoid Watson Center for Information Technology while going to Lincoln Field Building .
go to Lincoln Field Building .
while avoiding the Shirley Miller House , navigate to Walter Hall .
go to the Prince Engineering Lab through the 67 George
go through the Wayland to the Barus Building .
avoid the Sharpe Refectory until College Green .
navigate through Wilbour Hall to the Brown Bear .
go up to Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to the Blue Room through Minden Hall .
go to Class of 1887 Gate after going to Brown University .
go to J.W. Wilson whilst avoiding the Hegeman .
avoid the Norwood House and navigate to the P-131317 .
go from Alpha Chi Omega Sorority to Finlandia .
avoid Mencoff Hall until you go to the War Memorial .
go to Marston Hall but avoid Shirley Miller House .
go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to the Horace Mann House .
go to the Hughes Court after you go to the Friedman Hall .
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity through Sharpe Refectory
go to the Lot 18 through Marcus Aurelius
travel through the 67 George then go to the Littlefield Hall .
go to the Lot 18 .
move to Class of 1887 Gate and then proceed to the Lot 76 .
go to the Kassar House and avoid Lot 17 .
always avoid the Brown Bear and go to Lincoln Field Building .
navigate to the John Hay Library .
go to the J.W. Wilson before going to Lot 17
approach the Manning while avoiding the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go through the Friedman Hall before going to the Prospect House .
go to Saint Stephens Church but always stay away from List Art Building .
navigate to the Blue Room always avoiding the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to Brown University Sciences Library before going to Prospect House .
avoid BERT until you go to Wayland .
avoid the Urban Environmental Lab and go to Wriston Quad if you reached the Wriston Quad , you can now go to the Urban Environmental Lab or stay on Wriston Quad .
go to the Manning before you go to Medical Research Lab .
go to the Lippit House after you go to the Wriston Quad .
head to the John Hay Library without going through the Medical Research Lab
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching while avoiding Mencoff Hall
always avoid the Manning while navigating to the List Art Building .
avoid the Finlandia and go to Rockefeller Library .
travel through the Manning then go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to the Simmons Quadrangle avoiding the Lippit House . go through the Simmons Quadrangle to get to the Lippit House .
head to the Faunce House .
avoid The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ until you go to the Class of 1887 Gate .
go to the Mencoff Hall
go to Horace Mann House then Gardner House .
from the Slater Hall , navigate to BERT .
move to the William Goddard Memorial Gate by going through the Lincoln Field Building
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color through the University Hall .
avoid the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences and the Lot 17 and go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
always avoid Rhode Island Hall and go to the College Green .
go to the Finlandia .
go through the Sharpe Refectory to Gardner House .
avoid the Finlandia until after you 've gone to the Rockefeller Library .
go to the Robinson Gate without going to the Mencoff Hall .
avoid University Hall until after the Arnold Laboratory
avoid Untitled Lamp/Bear until going to the Slavery Memorial .
go through the Brown University before going to Finlandia
proceed to Barus Building without going through the University Hall .
navigate to the J.W. Wilson via the Hope College .
avoid the Hughes Court until you go to Quiet Green .
go to the Friedman Hall before you go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
navigate to the Sharpe Refectory .
travel to Campus Market .
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority , then proceed to John Hay Library .
avoid Alpha Chi Omega Sorority and go to the Lot 76 .
go to Campus Market through the Simmons Quadrangle .
avoid John Hay Library and go to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to the Littlefield Hall while always avoiding the Shirley Miller House .
go through the Robinson Hall to Medical Research Lab .
go to University Hall through the College Green
avoid the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity before you navigate to the Brown University Sciences Library .
avoid The Ivy Room and go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
stay on the The Ivy Room to get to Idee di pietra .
avoid the Wriston Quad until you go to Faunce House .
go to the Robinson Hall .
avoid Circle Dance Sculpture until going to the Horace Mann House .
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching through the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority
navigate to the Carrie Tower before going to P-131317 .
go to Van Wickle Gates .
go from the Finlandia to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
avoid Brown Bear until going to Hope College .
go to the Brown Bear while avoiding Medical Research Lab
go to Minden Hall but always stay away from Class of 1887 Gate .
go to War Memorial then Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
first move to J.W. Wilson then navigate to the Walter Hall .
avoid Maxcy Hall and go to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to Metcalf Research Building
move to the University Hall , travelling through the Norwood House .
avoid the Brown University until you enter the Lippit House .
go through Maxcy Green and navigate to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color and then to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to Blue Room via the Kassar House .
navigate to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to the Prince Engineering Lab through the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to the Barus Building through Class of 1887 Gate .
stay on the University Hall and navigate to John Carter Brown Library .
navigate to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall , always avoiding Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to Class of 1872 Gate and then to Hope College
pass through William Goddard Memorial Gate on your way to the Horace Mann House .
go through Circle Dance Sculpture to the Slavery Memorial .
go to the Mencoff Hall
go to the Idee di pietra , then go to Class of 1872 Gate .
avoid the Van Wickle Gates and go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
avoid the Hughes Court until you go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to Maddock Alumni 
navigate to the Marston Hall and avoid Carrie Tower .
go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate but avoid List Art Building .
go to the Van Wickle Gates but avoid 67 George .
go to Wriston Quad then Caswell Hall .
navigate to Simmons Quadrangle then continue to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go through the Untitled Lamp/Bear to the Brown University .
navigate through University Hall to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
avoid the College Green and go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go through the P-131317 to Arnold Laboratory .
navigate to the Maxcy Green .
stay on the Wayland and navigate to War Memorial .
stay on the Sears and go to University Hall .
go to the Friedman Hall through the Slavery Memorial .
navigate to the Rockefeller Library via the Casey Shearer Memorial .
avoid the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall until you go to the Starbucks .
go through Horace Mann House to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to the Hughes Court and then go to the Wayland .
go to Marcus Aurelius
go to the Metcalf Research Building , avoiding Slater Hall .
navigate to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to the Shirley Miller House while avoiding the Class of 1887 Gate
go to the Marcus Aurelius then the Salomon Center for Teaching .
avoid the Faunce House , navigate to the Mencoff Hall .
navigate to Finlandia .
avoid The Ivy Room and go to the John Hay Library .
go to Sharpe Refectory before Starbucks .
navigate to the Simmons Quadrangle , avoiding Starbucks .
go to the Wilbour Hall then go to Soldiers Memorial Gate .
navigate to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
move to Swearer Center for Public Service but avoid Marston Hall .
go to Brown Bear passing through the P-131317 .
go to the Class of 1872 Gate through the Campus Market
always avoid the Watson Center for Information Technology while navigating to John Hay Library .
avoid the Lot 17 until going to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
from the Marston Hall , navigate to the Maddock Alumni  .
go up to the Sayles Hall without going to Kassar House .
go to the Kassar House and go down to the John Hay Library .
go through Citizen's Bank to the Class of 1887 Gate .
avoid the Watson Center for Information Technology until after navigating to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to Sharpe Refectory and then to P-131317
go to John Carter Brown Library through the P-131317 .
go to the Hegeman before you go to Class of 1887 Gate .
go to the Maxcy Hall while avoiding the Maxcy Green
navigate to the Lot 17 but do n't ever go to Brown Bear .
go through Morgan Witter Rogers Gate to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to the BERT while avoiding the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ
pass through Slavery Memorial on your way to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to the Friedman Hall before going to Barus Building
always avoid Shirley Miller House and navigate to the J.W. Wilson .
avoid John Carter Brown Library and go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
first navigate to Rhode Island Hall , then go to Horace Mann House .
go to the War Memorial before going to Robinson Hall .
go to the John Carter Brown Library
go to Slater Hall .
go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to the Arnold Laboratory through the Robinson Gate .
avoid Lot 76 until you go to the Simmons Quadrangle .
go to the Class of 1872 Gate while always avoiding the Gardner House .
avoid Gardner House until going to the Brown Bear .
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity through the Minden Hall .
approach the Minden Hall while avoiding the Faunce House .
go to the Lincoln Field Building .
stay on the Lyman Hall while going to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to Littlefield Hall then go to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to the Friedman Hall .
avoid the Saint Stephens Church and go to Lyman Hall
go to the Lippit House through the Kassar House
avoid the The Ivy Room and go to Blue Room .
avoid Starbucks until going to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go through the Casey Shearer Memorial before going to the Faunce House .
head to the P-131317 , but make sure to go through the John Nicholas Brown Gate first .
navigate to Saint Stephens Church through the Class of 1872 Gate .
go through the Lyman Hall and navigate to the John Hay Library .
avoid the Friedman Hall until you navigate to the Prospect House .
go to Minden Hall and then go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to War Memorial through the Minden Hall
go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology while avoiding Maxcy Green
go to the Slavery Memorial but avoid the Littlefield Hall .
go to Prospect House through Morgan Witter Rogers Gate
go to Casey Shearer Memorial from the Gardner House only .
go to Untitled Lamp/Bear and proceed to Prospect House .
go to the Casey Shearer Memorial while avoiding the College Green .
move to the Maxcy Green , travelling through the Shirley Miller House .
move towards Faunce House and then to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
navigate to Walter Hall .
go to Brown University before going to Hegeman
go to P-131317 through the Hope College
first move to Soldiers Memorial Gate then navigate to the Metcalf Research Building .
go to Prospect House , then head to the Carrie Tower .
go through the Barus Building before going to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
stay on the The Ivy Room and navigate to List Art Building .
go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology
go to the Lyman Hall while always avoiding the Quiet Green .
go to the Caswell Hall through Maxcy Green
go to Casey Shearer Memorial and then to Maxcy Green
navigate to the Lippit House through the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color without going to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
avoid the second and GeoChem and Macmillian Hall and go to the Prince Engineering Lab .
avoid the Maxcy Green until you go to the Mencoff Hall .
do not go into the Campus Market until going to Medical Research Lab
go to the Barus Building before you go to the Hope College .
go to P-131317 while avoiding Lot 76
avoid the Marcus Aurelius until you navigate to William Goddard Memorial Gate .
move to the College Green without leaving the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to Watson Center for Information Technology and then to Metcalf Research Building
go directly to Kassar House
go to Wriston Quad , then go to Manning .
go to the Barus Building .
go to the Lyman Hall avoiding the William Goddard Memorial Gate . if you get to Lyman Hall you can then proceed to the William Goddard Memorial Gate
go to Lot 76 after going to Hughes Court .
go to Littlefield Hall by first going to the Medical Research Lab .
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology then go to Van Wickle Gates .
stay on the Caswell Hall and go to Wriston Quad .
always avoid going through John Nicholas Brown Gate
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate but avoid the Wilbour Hall .
go through The Ivy Room to the Brown Bear .
go to the 67 George .
go to Campus Market and avoid the Lippit House .
go to the BERT whilst avoiding the Hope College .
go to the Brown Bear through Hegeman .
go to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
avoid the Untitled Lamp/Bear until going to Metcalf Research Building .
avoid the Lippit House until going to the Blue Room .
navigate to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to the The Ivy Room through John Hay Library
go to the Shirley Miller House and avoid the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to the Prospect House by first going through the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go through P-131317 to the Wriston Quad .
go to 1 Brown Bear after Casey Shearer Memorial
go to the Lot 18 before going to the Sears
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity first
go to the Wilbour Hall while avoiding John Hay Library
avoiding the Finlandia , go to John Hay Library .
go to Class of 1887 Gate
always avoid the Finlandia to navigate to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate , then go to Wilbour Hall .
navigate to the John Hay Library .
go to the Class of 1887 Gate and then go to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology , avoiding the Idee di pietra
go to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
navigate to the Van Wickle Gates then continue to Idee di pietra .
always avoid Blue Room , and navigate to John Hay Library .
avoid the Brown University Sciences Library until after navigating to the Hughes Court .
navigate to John Carter Brown Library through the Barus Building .
go to Littlefield Hall only through the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences
always avoid going to Finlandia through the Quiet Green
go to William Goddard Memorial Gate and proceed to Metcalf Research Building .
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall and avoid the Littlefield Hall .
go to the Van Wickle Gates but do not enter the Quiet Green first .
head to the Arnold Laboratory , but make sure to go through the Class of 1872 Gate first .
move to the Saint Stephens Church without leaving the Kassar House .
always avoid Prospect House and go through the Metcalf Research Building .
go to Littlefield Hall through Circle Dance Sculpture
go to the Sharpe Refectory then move to the Friedman Hall .
go through the Class of 1887 Gate to the Wriston Quad .
go to Brown University , then up to Lippit House .
stay on the College Green and go to Robinson Hall .
while always avoiding the Lot 17 , go to Van Wickle Gates .
move to John Hay Library without leaving the Campus Market .
go to Quiet Green by first visiting the Walter Hall .
move to the War Memorial but go through Brown University Sciences Library first .
go to Lot 17 and then to Norwood House
go to Carrie Tower but do not enter the Van Wickle Gates first .
move to Robinson Hall without entering the Lyman Hall . then you may stay at Robinson Hall or go to the Lyman Hall .
avoid the Soldiers Memorial Gate and go to the List Art Building .
always go to Minden Hall before Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences through the John Hay Library .
go to the John Hay Library through the Maxcy Hall .
proceed to Quiet Green without going through the John Carter Brown Library .
go through Quiet Green and then to the Class of 1872 Gate .
go to the Quiet Green .
avoid the Van Wickle Gates and go to John Hay Library
go to the Campus Market from the Kassar House
avoid GeoChem and Macmillian Hall on your way to the Mencoff Hall .
avoid Kassar House and proceed to Untitled Lamp/Bear
move to Medical Research Lab .
move to the 67 George while avoiding the Minden Hall .
go to the Maxcy Green and then to the 67 George .
always avoid Barus Building and go to the Saint Stephens Church .
go to the Marston Hall through Van Wickle Gates
go through the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ to John Nicholas Brown Gate .
navigate to the List Art Building before going to Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to Sharpe Refectory before going to Sayles Hall .
move to Sears from the Lyman Hall .
do not go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate until going to Salomon Center for Teaching
avoid Van Wickle Gates until you pass through Rhode Island Hall .
go to the Walter Hall .
first navigate to the Caswell Hall , then make your way to the Finlandia .
go to William Goddard Memorial Gate avoiding the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority . then go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority or stay on William Goddard Memorial Gate .
avoid the John Hay Library until reaching Soldiers Memorial Gate .
move to the Shirley Miller House without entering the Lot 17 .
go through the Circle Dance Sculpture before going to Lot 17
go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences then move to the Shirley Miller House .
go to the Brown University , and then go to the Urban Environmental Lab .
avoid Gardner House until going to the College Green .
go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall through the College Green
move to the Slavery Memorial while avoiding the War Memorial .
go to Caswell Hall .
avoid Untitled Lamp/Bear and go to Finlandia .
go to Sears via the Prince Engineering Lab .
go to Starbucks through Quiet Green
go to the Rockefeller Library through the J.W. Wilson .
go from the Circle Dance Sculpture to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology
avoid Arnold Laboratory until going to the Walter Hall .
go to the J.W. Wilson
avoid Maxcy Hall and go to Campus Market .
go to the Finlandia by first going to the Manning .
go to Circle Dance Sculpture without entering the Shirley Miller House .
go to the Saint Stephens Church before you go to Sayles Hall .
go to Slavery Memorial
go to the Slavery Memorial first
go to the BERT .
go to the Rhode Island Hall whilst avoiding the Carrie Tower .
do not go into the Barus Building until going to Campus Market
always pass Slavery Memorial to get to level 1 .
from the Medical Research Lab , navigate to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to anywhere on the Hegeman .
avoid Sharpe Refectory until going to the Finlandia .
go to War Memorial via the 86 Waterman  .
always go through Morgan Witter Rogers Gate and then to the Lot 17 .
move to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall and then move to 67 George .
do not navigate away from the William Goddard Memorial Gate and go to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Hughes Court while avoiding Wriston Quad
go through the Lippit House to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
navigate to the Brown University Sciences Library through the Starbucks .
go to the The Ivy Room before going to Maxcy Hall
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop through Rhode Island Hall
go to Rockefeller Library .
go to the Lot 18 while avoiding the Wriston Quad .
navigate to John Carter Brown Library .
go to Saint Stephens Church .
avoid the 86 Waterman  until going to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
move to the Class of 1887 Gate without entering the J.W. Wilson .
go to Horace Mann House through the Quiet Green .
stay on the 67 George while going to the Finlandia .
go to the Metcalf Research Building but do not go to Urban Environmental Lab .
go to Van Wickle Gates while avoiding the first and Metcalf Research Building .
always pass Class of 1887 Gate before Hope College .
always pass Van Wickle Gates to get to level 1 .
go to or through the Brown Bear always avoid going through the Swearer Center for Public Service
go to Caswell Hall , then go to Campus Market .
navigate to the Shirley Miller House always avoiding the J.W. Wilson .
go to Sharpe Refectory before going to The Ivy Room .
avoid the William Goddard Memorial Gate until going to the Lot 17 .
go to the 67 George and then go to the Lot 18 .
avoid the Quiet Green until you enter the Robinson Hall .
always go through the Blue Room before going to University Hall .
avoid Swearer Center for Public Service and go to the Kassar House .
go to Lyman Hall .
go to the Prospect House .
go through the Idee di pietra then to the Starbucks .
go to the P-131317 .
go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear through the Faunce House .
move to the Slater Hall , travelling through 86 Waterman  .
go to Maxcy Green , then go to Campus Market .
go to or through the Lot 17 , but avoid going to the Lot 17 through the Carrie Tower
go to the Brown Bear without going to the Rockefeller Library
avoid Watson Center for Information Technology and go to Simmons Quadrangle .
go to the Walter Hall before going to Prospect House .
go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate , then go to the Slater Hall .
go to the Circle Dance Sculpture via BERT .
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to the Quiet Green through Rhode Island Hall .
go to the Starbucks through Brown Bear
go from the Slater Hall to Wriston Quad
avoid Maddock Alumni  until you go to the Slavery Memorial .
navigate to the Swearer Center for Public Service through the Faunce House .
go to Sears from the Salomon Center for Teaching only .
avoid Wayland until you go to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
move towards Metcalf Research Building and then to Marcus Aurelius .
navigate to Hope College through the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to the Wilbour Hall and avoid the Carrie Tower .
avoid the Simmons Quadrangle and go to the Lot 17 . if you reached the Lot 17 then you may go to the Simmons Quadrangle , or just stay on the Lot 17 .
go to the Circle Dance Sculpture before going to Rhode Island Hall
go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ through Lincoln Field Building
avoid Marston Hall until after reaching J.W. Wilson .
navigate to the Quiet Green before you go to Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to Sayles Hall .
go through the Hegeman before going to the Robinson Gate .
avoid The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ until you go to Manning .
avoid the Horace Mann House and go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to Finlandia .
go to Manning and avoid 2nd and Brown Bear
go to the Robinson Hall and then to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
while always avoiding the Idee di pietra , go to Carrie Tower .
visit the Wriston Quad then go to the The Ivy Room .
avoid the List Art Building until going to the Arnold Laboratory .
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity before going to Robinson Gate .
always avoid Brown University Sciences Library and go to University Hall .
first move to John Nicholas Brown Gate then navigate to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go through Brown Center for Students of Color on your way to the Hughes Court .
avoid the Slater Hall until you go to the Walter Hall .
go to Hegeman through the Littlefield Hall .
avoid Prospect House until navigating to the Rockefeller Library .
go to the Walter Hall .
go to 86 Waterman  while avoiding going through any other objects
go to the Hope College .
navigate to the Kassar House .
go to Citizen's Bank before going to Sayles Hall .
go to the Prince Engineering Lab after going to the Van Wickle Gates .
avoid the Saint Stephens Church until you go to the Lippit House .
go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall through the Hope College
go through the Simmons Quadrangle to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
head to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate , then go to the Carrie Tower .
head to the Robinson Gate .
go to the Van Wickle Gates through the Untitled Lamp/Bear
go to Watson Center for Information Technology
go to the Maxcy Hall and then navigate to the Citizen's Bank .
move to the Norwood House and then the Slavery Memorial .
always avoid the List Art Building and go to the Sharpe Refectory .
go from the University Hall to Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to Walter Hall through the Metcalf Research Building
avoid the first and GeoChem and Macmillian Hall and go to Sears .
go to Untitled Lamp/Bear then go to the Robinson Gate .
avoid the Casey Shearer Memorial until going to the Lot 76 .
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate through John Hay Library .
go to the Lot 18 by first going through the J.W. Wilson .
avoid Littlefield Hall until navigating to Wriston Quad .
avoid the Wilbour Hall until you go to Prince Engineering Lab
go through the College Green before navigating to Slater Hall .
go to the Finlandia and go down to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to the 67 George by first visiting War Memorial .
always avoid the Citizen's Bank and go to the Faunce House .
go through Mencoff Hall and then to the Blue Room .
go through Hughes Court to the Maxcy Hall .
go through the Minden Hall to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to Brown Center for Students of Color .
navigate to the Littlefield Hall then continue to Metcalf Research Building .
go to John Nicholas Brown Gate
avoid the Shirley Miller House until going to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
stay on the Simmons Quadrangle and go to Citizen's Bank .
proceed to Maxcy Hall without going through the Brown Bear .
navigate through Class of 1872 Gate and go to the 86 Waterman  .
avoid the War Memorial on your way to the Rhode Island Hall . once you get to the Rhode Island Hall you can to the War Memorial .
avoid the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology until you go to the Friedman Hall .
go from the Wayland to the Wriston Quad
go to the 67 George then go Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to Robinson Hall while avoiding going through any other objects
go to Maddock Alumni  through the Mencoff Hall
avoid John Carter Brown Library , and go to College Green .
go to the Idee di pietra before going to Brown Bear .
go to the Hegeman without ever leaving the Horace Mann House .
go to 1 P-131317 after Brown University Sciences Library
go to Class of 1887 Gate before going to Barus Building .
avoid the Shirley Miller House until going to the Walter Hall .
go to the John Hay Library avoiding GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
always avoid Lot 76 and go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to Rockefeller Library
go to the Brown University .
go to the Wilbour Hall through Urban Environmental Lab .
stay on the Finlandia while navigating to Hegeman .
do not go to 67 George until going to Medical Research Lab
navigate to the Arnold Laboratory while avoiding the Brown Bear .
from the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall , go to Robinson Hall directly .
avoid the Littlefield Hall until after you 've gone to the College Green .
go to the War Memorial through the Blue Room .
always avoid going through the BERT to the Prospect House
avoid the Minden Hall until going to the Hegeman .
go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate before you go to Arnold Laboratory .
go to the Kassar House avoiding Carrie Tower .
navigate to the J.W. Wilson before you go to Class of 1887 Gate .
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ and avoid Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to Finlandia .
go through the Littlefield Hall to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to Finlandia through the Salomon Center for Teaching
go to the Van Wickle Gates .
pass through the Prospect House on your way to the Kassar House .
go to the The Ivy Room
from the Robinson Hall , navigate to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
avoid the Class of 1887 Gate and go to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to Wilbour Hall
go to the Brown Bear avoiding Citizen's Bank .
go to Marston Hall from the John Nicholas Brown Gate only .
move to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop but avoid Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to the Medical Research Lab through the Carrie Tower
go to the Van Wickle Gates without going to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to Walter Hall through the Brown Center for Students of Color .
while avoiding the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences , navigate to Urban Environmental Lab .
go through the Finlandia to Brown Bear .
go to Starbucks but always stay away from Soldiers Memorial Gate .
move to the Faunce House while avoiding the Class of 1872 Gate .
avoid Lot 17 until you go to Lippit House .
go directly to College Green
go to Sears .
always avoid 67 George and navigate to the BERT .
avoid Faunce House and go to Class of 1887 Gate .
go to the Swearer Center for Public Service before going to William Goddard Memorial Gate
go to the Finlandia and avoid the Lyman Hall .
go to Lyman Hall while avoiding going through any other objects
navigate through University Hall and go to the John Carter Brown Library .
go to the Citizen's Bank through the 67 George .
go to the Kassar House through the Blue Room .
go to the Norwood House by first going through Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to the Gardner House , avoiding Lyman Hall .
go through the Norwood House before going to Van Wickle Gates
go through the Manning to Van Wickle Gates .
go to Shirley Miller House .
go from the Lyman Hall to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ
go to Citizen's Bank after navigating to the BERT .
avoid Brown University until you pass through William Goddard Memorial Gate .
move to the Sharpe Refectory but go through The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ first .
always avoid Salomon Center for Teaching and navigate to the John Hay Library .
go directly to Lippit House .
go to the Robinson Gate through the Gardner House .
move to War Memorial , but travel to the Van Wickle Gates first .
go to the Saint Stephens Church through the Lot 76 .
avoid the first and Norwood House and go to Hope College .
go to the War Memorial without going to the Maxcy Green .
go to the Brown Bear but avoid the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
avoid 67 George and go to the Mencoff Hall .
always pass Idee di pietra to get to level 1 .
avoid the Hegeman and go to the Kassar House .
navigate to the BERT always avoiding the Lyman Hall .
avoid Urban Environmental Lab while navigating to Untitled Lamp/Bear .
avoid the second and Maddock Alumni  and go to the Maxcy Green .
avoid Finlandia and go to Hughes Court .
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching and then go to the Littlefield Hall .
move to anywhere on the Prospect House , then move to anywhere on the Lot 18 .
go to the Shirley Miller House without going to the Carrie Tower . if you reached the Shirley Miller House , now you can go to the Carrie Tower .
always avoid going to Norwood House through the Lot 76
always avoid going to John Hay Library through the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology
avoid the Wriston Quad and go to the Marston Hall .
go to Untitled Lamp/Bear then go to the Marston Hall .
avoid Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology until reaching the Maxcy Hall .
go to the Sharpe Refectory avoiding the University Hall . if you get to Sharpe Refectory you can then proceed to the University Hall
go to the Rockefeller Library through the Walter Hall .
go to the 86 Waterman  avoiding The Ivy Room .
go to the Faunce House avoiding Maddock Alumni  if you reached the Faunce House then you may go to Maddock Alumni  .
avoid the Sears until going to Campus Market .
go to Prince Engineering Lab .
go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority , then head to the Faunce House .
avoid the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology until reaching Saint Stephens Church .
avoid Lot 76 and go to the Marcus Aurelius .
avoid John Hay Library until you go to 67 George .
stay on the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority and go to Simmons Quadrangle .
go to the Brown Bear avoiding 86 Waterman  .
go to Kassar House through the Sharpe Refectory .
go to Maxcy Green before Friedman Hall .
go to the Maxcy Hall then go Class of 1887 Gate .
go to Salomon Center for Teaching through Rockefeller Library .
go to the Mencoff Hall avoiding Starbucks .
avoid the Rockefeller Library until going to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
move to Carrie Tower from the 67 George .
go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ via the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology and proceed to Faunce House .
proceed to Lot 76 but avoid Minden Hall on the way . if you have reached Lot 76 then you can proceed to Minden Hall .
go to the Swearer Center for Public Service before going to Slavery Memorial
avoid the Arnold Laboratory until you go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to Maddock Alumni  .
go to the Shirley Miller House before going to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to the Hughes Court then go to Van Wickle Gates
go to the Sears avoiding Rhode Island Hall .
go to the Hughes Court while avoiding Finlandia and the Finlandia
go to J.W. Wilson avoiding the Class of 1887 Gate . then go to the Class of 1887 Gate or stay on J.W. Wilson .
avoid the Wilbour Hall until you go to the Idee di pietra .
always avoid Saint Stephens Church and go through the Salomon Center for Teaching .
avoid the Saint Stephens Church until after you 've gone to the Mencoff Hall .
avoid Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology until going to the Citizen's Bank .
avoid the Hope College until you go to 67 George .
navigate through Mencoff Hall then go to Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go through the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop to Arnold Laboratory .
go directly to Horace Mann House
go to Citizen's Bank then go to Soldiers Memorial Gate .
avoid the Lot 76 and go to the Idee di pietra .
go to Walter Hall then go to the John Hay Library .
go through William Goddard Memorial Gate to the Shirley Miller House .
go to the Sharpe Refectory while avoiding Sayles Hall and the Sayles Hall
go to the Van Wickle Gates after going to the Carrie Tower .
go to the Shirley Miller House and then go directly to the Rockefeller Library .
first go to to Slavery Memorial then go to the Class of 1887 Gate .
go through the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall before going to the Carrie Tower .
move to the Wayland then continue to the Horace Mann House .
always navigate to Sears and then proceed to Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to the Wriston Quad but avoid Lincoln Field Building .
go through the 67 George to get to Citizen's Bank
move to the Arnold Laboratory , travelling through Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to the Robinson Gate avoiding the Robinson Gate . if you reached the BERT you can stay there , or head to the Robinson Gate .
avoid the College Green until you navigate to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
navigate to the Shirley Miller House .
go to the College Green .
avoid the Wilbour Hall until you navigate to the Prince Engineering Lab .
go through the Lot 76 before going to the Van Wickle Gates .
avoid Finlandia until you go to Brown University Sciences Library .
go to the List Art Building .
avoid William Goddard Memorial Gate while navigating to Horace Mann House .
move to anywhere on the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate , then move to anywhere on the Quiet Green .
move to Class of 1887 Gate after moving to the Walter Hall .
move to the Lot 18 first then travel to Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to 1 War Memorial after Lippit House
always navigate to 86 Waterman  and then proceed to Simmons Quadrangle .
go to Brown University through the Caswell Hall .
go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences , then go to the John Hay Library .
go to the Van Wickle Gates .
navigate to Hope College .
go to the 86 Waterman  without going to the Metcalf Research Building . if you reached the 86 Waterman  , now you can go to the Metcalf Research Building .
go to the Starbucks then go Lincoln Field Building .
avoid the Campus Market until you go to the Class of 1887 Gate .
go through Barus Building on your way to the University Hall .
go to Van Wickle Gates .
avoid the Simmons Quadrangle until you enter the Sayles Hall .
always avoid Hughes Court , and navigate to Class of 1887 Gate .
go to Lot 17 through the Brown Center for Students of Color
go to Walter Hall through the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to William Goddard Memorial Gate and then to Kassar House
go to the Van Wickle Gates after going to the Minden Hall .
go to the Arnold Laboratory by avoiding Mencoff Hall if you reached the Arnold Laboratory , then you can proceed to Mencoff Hall .
go to Slater Hall but always avoid Sears .
go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate without going to the Medical Research Lab
go to the Robinson Hall while always avoiding the Brown University .
go to a spot in the Brown University Sciences Library , but do n't touch Shirley Miller House .
stay on the Campus Market and move to Sayles Hall .
go to Mencoff Hall before going in the Arnold Laboratory .
while always avoiding the Medical Research Lab , go to Gardner House .
go to Medical Research Lab and then go to the War Memorial .
stay on the BERT and navigate to Urban Environmental Lab .
go to the Rockefeller Library .
move to the Medical Research Lab and then head to Finlandia .
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color while always avoiding the University Hall
go to Robinson Hall through the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate
always avoid Salomon Center for Teaching and go through the Swearer Center for Public Service .
stay on the Untitled Lamp/Bear while going to the Brown University .
go to the P-131317 but do not go through the 67 George first .
first go to Swearer Center for Public Service , then go to the Slater Hall .
go to or through the Brown University Sciences Library while avoiding going through the Maxcy Hall
go through Brown University and navigate to the J.W. Wilson .
head to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology and then head to the The Ivy Room .
navigate to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to List Art Building
move to Arnold Laboratory but avoid Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
navigate to Soldiers Memorial Gate .
avoid the Citizen's Bank until going to the Idee di pietra .
go to Watson Center for Information Technology via the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go through Starbucks to Brown University .
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go through the J.W. Wilson to the Marcus Aurelius .
move to the The Ivy Room .
stay on the John Hay Library and go to the Rhode Island Hall .
avoid BERT until you go to Lippit House .
go to the Sears and then head to Sayles Hall .
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color and then to Marston Hall .
navigate to the Medical Research Lab but do not pass through the The Ivy Room .
avoid the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate until you reach Van Wickle Gates .
navigate to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop while avoiding the Class of 1887 Gate .
go to Horace Mann House while always avoiding the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to the Slavery Memorial through the Littlefield Hall
go through the Saint Stephens Church to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
from the Horace Mann House , navigate to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go through the John Hay Library to the Manning .
avoid GeoChem and Macmillian Hall until going to Maxcy Green .
avoid the Rhode Island Hall until going to the Norwood House .
go to Casey Shearer Memorial while staying on the Maxcy Hall .
always avoid Watson Center for Information Technology and navigate to the Maddock Alumni  .
go to a spot in the John Nicholas Brown Gate , but do n't touch Walter Hall .
avoid the Slater Hall and go to Brown University if you reached the Brown University , you can now go to the Slater Hall or stay on Brown University .
avoid the Maddock Alumni  and go to J.W. Wilson .
avoid the Mencoff Hall and travel to the Quiet Green .
always go to Kassar House before navigating to the Saint Stephens Church .
navigate to Norwood House through the Kassar House .
go to Carrie Tower through the Friedman Hall .
stay on the Sears and move to Prospect House .
always avoid Faunce House and go to List Art Building .
go through the John Carter Brown Library and navigate to the Sayles Hall .
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall through the Barus Building .
go to the Faunce House avoiding College Green .
avoid the Urban Environmental Lab and go to the Hope College .
go to Swearer Center for Public Service through the P-131317 .
go to the Maxcy Green but avoid the Brown Bear .
go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology without touching Idee di pietra .
go to Soldiers Memorial Gate , then up to John Hay Library .
avoid going through William Goddard Memorial Gate until you go through the Saint Stephens Church .
go to Salomon Center for Teaching before going in the Robinson Gate
avoid the Manning until you go to Maddock Alumni  .
go to the Mencoff Hall while staying on the Kassar House .
go to Hegeman through the Marston Hall
go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate and then to Maddock Alumni  .
go to the Horace Mann House through the Urban Environmental Lab .
advance to Circle Dance Sculpture but always avoid the Prince Engineering Lab .
go to the Casey Shearer Memorial then go Barus Building .
go to anywhere on the Metcalf Research Building .
go to Brown Bear before going to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate
always go through Van Wickle Gates and then to the Lyman Hall .
move to the Blue Room by going through the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall
go to or through the Class of 1887 Gate , but avoid going to the Class of 1887 Gate through the Hegeman
go to the Robinson Hall through Robinson Gate
navigate to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go through the Campus Market before going to Walter Hall
go up to Simmons Quadrangle .
travel through the Gardner House then go to the Maddock Alumni  .
go from the Salomon Center for Teaching to Citizen's Bank
always go through the William Goddard Memorial Gate before going to Finlandia .
navigate to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop while avoiding the Rockefeller Library .
go to the Finlandia through Walter Hall .
navigate to the Sharpe Refectory and avoid Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
move to Lyman Hall and then proceed to the Rockefeller Library .
navigate to the Starbucks .
go to Lincoln Field Building
go to 67 George before going in the Hope College .
go to Quiet Green . then go directly to Walter Hall
go to Sharpe Refectory through the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity
go to the Faunce House through Watson Center for Information Technology
stay on the Starbucks while navigating to Gardner House .
travel to Quiet Green .
go to the Circle Dance Sculpture through the The Ivy Room
go to War Memorial before going to Barus Building .
go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences while avoiding the John Carter Brown Library .
advance to Casey Shearer Memorial but always avoid the Brown University .
avoid the Citizen's Bank until going to the Brown University .
go to Citizen's Bank via the Kassar House .
go to Mencoff Hall , before going to Lyman Hall .
move to the Wilbour Hall without leaving the University Hall .
navigate to Sayles Hall .
go to the Hughes Court before going to Horace Mann House .
go to Lot 76 before going to the War Memorial
navigate to the Brown Bear .
go to the Lincoln Field Building .
go through Caswell Hall to the Littlefield Hall .
always go through Horace Mann House and then to the Robinson Hall .
go to the P-131317 by going through Urban Environmental Lab .
go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ without going in the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences
avoid the Casey Shearer Memorial until you go through the 67 George .
avoid the Salomon Center for Teaching until you go to the Robinson Hall .
go to Sears then Arnold Laboratory .
avoid Lippit House and go to the Lincoln Field Building .
avoid the Soldiers Memorial Gate and go to the Rhode Island Hall .
avoid Walter Hall until you go to University Hall .
avoid Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences and go to the Kassar House .
go up to Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go through the University Hall and navigate to the Lincoln Field Building .
go to Casey Shearer Memorial and then to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate
avoid List Art Building and go to the Slavery Memorial .
stay on the The Ivy Room and go to Robinson Gate .
avoid Urban Environmental Lab until after the Mencoff Hall
go from the Norwood House to the Carrie Tower
go to the Van Wickle Gates
go to the Hughes Court
go to the Simmons Quadrangle .
avoid the Starbucks and go to Van Wickle Gates .
avoid the Sayles Hall until you navigate to the Wilbour Hall .
always go through Marcus Aurelius and then to the The Ivy Room .
avoid William Goddard Memorial Gate and go to the Simmons Quadrangle .
avoid Robinson Hall while navigating to Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go through the Watson Center for Information Technology before going to the Rockefeller Library .
go through the Saint Stephens Church before going to Citizen's Bank
move to the Lyman Hall and then head to Campus Market .
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate
go from the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate to the Faunce House
avoid the Rockefeller Library until you navigate to the Simmons Quadrangle .
go to the The Ivy Room .
go to the Lot 18 , then go to the Van Wickle Gates .
navigate to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority through the Shirley Miller House .
go to the Barus Building .
navigate directly to John Carter Brown Library .
travel through the Littlefield Hall then go to the War Memorial .
avoid the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ and go to the Maddock Alumni  .
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching without going to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to the John Hay Library while staying on the Hope College .
avoid the Maddock Alumni  and go to the Lyman Hall .
go to the Lincoln Field Building
always avoid Van Wickle Gates and navigate to the Shirley Miller House .
go through Wriston Quad to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
proceed to the Sears by going through the Idee di pietra .
go to Prince Engineering Lab but avoid Carrie Tower .
avoid Brown University Sciences Library until going to the Lot 17 .
go to Campus Market through the Maxcy Hall .
navigate to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences while avoiding Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
always avoid going to Urban Environmental Lab through the Horace Mann House
go to J.W. Wilson , avoiding the Urban Environmental Lab
avoid the Finlandia until you go to the Metcalf Research Building .
go to the Prospect House without going to the 67 George .
go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate avoiding Lyman Hall .
go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate through the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ
navigate to Lot 76 .
always avoid Sayles Hall while going to Finlandia .
always avoid going to Quiet Green through the William Goddard Memorial Gate
go to the Barus Building avoiding the Horace Mann House . only if you reached the Barus Building then you may proceed to the Horace Mann House .
navigate to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to the J.W. Wilson always avoiding the Robinson Hall .
go to the Metcalf Research Building , then proceed to 86 Waterman  .
go to the Swearer Center for Public Service through the J.W. Wilson
avoid the Class of 1887 Gate until navigating to the List Art Building .
go to the Robinson Gate and then go directly to the Barus Building .
go to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to Brown Center for Students of Color before navigating to the Sears .
go through the Robinson Hall to Citizen's Bank .
go to the 86 Waterman  .
avoid the Mencoff Hall until going to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
avoid Starbucks and go to the Hope College .
go to Finlandia while always avoiding the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to Robinson Hall , then up to Brown Bear .
travel to the John Hay Library and then go to Metcalf Research Building .
go to or through the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity always avoid going through the Brown Center for Students of Color
avoid the Lyman Hall until you go to the Lincoln Field Building .
do not go into the Class of 1872 Gate until going to John Hay Library
avoid Quiet Green until you go to the Robinson Hall .
go to Slater Hall but always avoid Minden Hall .
go to the Caswell Hall through College Green
avoid Van Wickle Gates until reaching the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go through Hughes Court to Finlandia .
go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate and then to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
avoid Sayles Hall until after the Medical Research Lab
navigate to Casey Shearer Memorial through the Slavery Memorial .
avoid the Norwood House until passing Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to the Idee di pietra by avoiding GeoChem and Macmillian Hall if you reached the Idee di pietra , then you can proceed to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
avoid J.W. Wilson and go to the Simmons Quadrangle .
go to the Norwood House before going to Barus Building
avoid the Van Wickle Gates until you go to Finlandia .
go to Caswell Hall
go to the Citizen's Bank .
navigate to the Urban Environmental Lab .
stay on the Swearer Center for Public Service and go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
avoid the Brown University Sciences Library until you go to Minden Hall
go to Sharpe Refectory , avoid the John Carter Brown Library until you have been to the Sharpe Refectory
go to Caswell Hall before going in the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go from the The Ivy Room to Watson Center for Information Technology
go to Lot 18 before Robinson Gate .
move to the Hegeman , travelling through Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to the The Ivy Room and then navigate to the Maxcy Hall .
avoid War Memorial and go to Casey Shearer Memorial .
navigate to the Casey Shearer Memorial but do not pass through the Sayles Hall .
visit the Rockefeller Library and then proceed to the Friedman Hall .
go to or through the Metcalf Research Building always avoid going through the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop
go to Rockefeller Library before navigating to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
move to Lyman Hall without entering the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ . then you may stay at Lyman Hall or go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go through the Faunce House before going to Norwood House
go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear without going through the Lyman Hall .
move to the Sears , travelling through Friedman Hall .
avoid the Brown Bear until going to the Arnold Laboratory .
from the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate , navigate to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to the Circle Dance Sculpture while avoiding the Slater Hall
go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to or through the Kassar House while avoiding going through the Van Wickle Gates
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop by going through Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
avoid the List Art Building until you go to John Carter Brown Library .
go through the Faunce House to Manning .
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color and then go to the Mencoff Hall .
go to the Shirley Miller House only through the Horace Mann House
navigate to the 67 George then continue to J.W. Wilson .
navigate through Lippit House and go to the Robinson Gate .
avoid the Untitled Lamp/Bear and go to the Campus Market .
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity while avoiding Simmons Quadrangle .
go through the Faunce House to the Wilbour Hall .
go to the Arnold Laboratory through Finlandia .
avoid List Art Building while going to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
avoid the Idee di pietra as you go to the Starbucks .
go to the Wayland then go to the Brown University Sciences Library
go to Wayland , then go to Gardner House .
go to the Robinson Hall through the John Hay Library .
always avoid Friedman Hall and go to Rhode Island Hall .
go to Lot 76 while always avoiding the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go from Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop to Maddock Alumni  .
navigate to the Prince Engineering Lab but do not pass through the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
do not go into the Soldiers Memorial Gate until going to Lot 76
go to the War Memorial while avoiding John Carter Brown Library
avoid the John Hay Library
do not go into the Starbucks until going to Robinson Gate
go to the 67 George then go to Prince Engineering Lab
go to the List Art Building without going to Minden Hall .
avoid the Van Wickle Gates and go to the Sears .
move to P-131317 and then proceed to the Littlefield Hall .
go to the Horace Mann House from the Blue Room
go to the Lot 18 before going to Faunce House .
avoid Hughes Court until after you go to Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Brown Bear whilst avoiding the P-131317 .
avoid the P-131317 and go to John Hay Library
go directly to Maddock Alumni 
pass through the Hughes Court on your way to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
avoid the Maddock Alumni  until you go to the Friedman Hall .
do n't go into the BERT until going to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity
go from The Ivy Room to Hughes Court .
go to the Finlandia .
go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate , before going to Brown University Sciences Library .
always avoid going to Lot 18 through the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity
move to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority from the Sayles Hall .
move towards Lyman Hall and then to Lot 76 .
go to the List Art Building through the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
visit the William Goddard Memorial Gate and then move to the Barus Building .
go through the Robinson Gate before going to the Minden Hall .
go to the Class of 1887 Gate .
go to Wayland .
go up to the Prospect House without going to William Goddard Memorial Gate .
avoiding the Robinson Gate , go to Arnold Laboratory .
move to the College Green and then the Blue Room .
navigate to the Starbucks always passing through the Norwood House .
go to a spot in the Slavery Memorial , but do n't touch Saint Stephens Church .
head to the Friedman Hall .
avoid Campus Market , and go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
navigate to Walter Hall .
move to Campus Market without entering the Robinson Gate . then you may stay at Campus Market or go to the Robinson Gate .
move to the Caswell Hall .
visit List Art Building but do n't leave the Brown Bear .
always go through the Slavery Memorial and then to Marcus Aurelius .
avoid Simmons Quadrangle and go to Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to the Faunce House through the Citizen's Bank .
go to the Manning and then go directly to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to the Manning and then to Barus Building .
move to the Minden Hall and then head to College Green .
avoid Prince Engineering Lab and go to the Sharpe Refectory .
go to Manning .
avoid Shirley Miller House and go to the Citizen's Bank .
avoid the Marcus Aurelius until passing Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to the Lyman Hall .
go to or through Quiet Green avoiding going through List Art Building
go to the War Memorial through the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
always pass through the Swearer Center for Public Service to get to 86 Waterman  .
always avoid Morgan Witter Rogers Gate and navigate to the Prince Engineering Lab .
go to or through the William Goddard Memorial Gate while avoiding going through the Gardner House
go to the Van Wickle Gates through the Maxcy Green .
move to the Prince Engineering Lab while avoiding the 86 Waterman  .
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color avoiding Hope College .
go to the Barus Building .
avoid the Rockefeller Library on your way to the Saint Stephens Church . once you get to the Saint Stephens Church you can to the Rockefeller Library .
navigate to the Quiet Green , avoiding William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color
avoid the List Art Building and the Maddock Alumni  and go to List Art Building .
go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ but always avoid Littlefield Hall .
go to the Rhode Island Hall .
head to the Medical Research Lab , but make sure to go through the BERT first .
go to the Prince Engineering Lab by touching the Littlefield Hall .
avoid the Slavery Memorial before you navigate to the Littlefield Hall .
avoid the Circle Dance Sculpture and navigate to the John Carter Brown Library .
go to the Maxcy Hall but avoid John Carter Brown Library .
move to Medical Research Lab , but travel to the University Hall first .
go through Van Wickle Gates and then to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
avoid the Brown University Sciences Library until you navigate to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
move to the Gardner House , travelling through the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to 1 Van Wickle Gates after Watson Center for Information Technology
go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
navigate to the Mencoff Hall always avoiding the Urban Environmental Lab .
do not navigate away from the List Art Building and go to the Brown Bear .
do not navigate away from the Idee di pietra and go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
navigate to the Robinson Hall while avoiding the Quiet Green .
go through the John Carter Brown Library to Van Wickle Gates .
go to William Goddard Memorial Gate and avoid 2nd and John Hay Library
go to the Finlandia , then go to the Maxcy Hall .
go to the Lot 17 and then to Starbucks .
head to the University Hall , but make sure to go through the Idee di pietra first .
head to the Quiet Green avoiding Maxcy Green .
avoid College Green and go to Hughes Court .
go to Brown Bear through the Kassar House
avoid the Starbucks and go to Circle Dance Sculpture .
avoid Lyman Hall and go to Caswell Hall .
avoid the J.W. Wilson and go to the Caswell Hall .
avoid the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences and go to the Minden Hall . if you reached the Minden Hall then you may go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences , or just stay on the Minden Hall .
go to Lot 76
navigate to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
always avoid going through the Hughes Court to the Lincoln Field Building
go to the Caswell Hall but never go to the Class of 1872 Gate .
go to the Blue Room through the Slavery Memorial
avoid the John Carter Brown Library and go to the Shirley Miller House .
stay on the Saint Stephens Church and go to Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to the College Green through the Blue Room .
go to Van Wickle Gates through Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences
go to the Brown Bear by first visiting Gardner House .
move to the Gardner House .
pass through the Lot 17 before going to the Mencoff Hall .
go from the Watson Center for Information Technology to the Brown Bear
go through Finlandia then go to Wilbour Hall .
move to P-131317 without entering the List Art Building . then you may stay at P-131317 or go to the List Art Building .
avoid the Mencoff Hall until going to the Idee di pietra .
navigate to the Rockefeller Library .
navigate to the Rhode Island Hall by passing through the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to the Sears whilst avoiding the Lippit House .
go to the College Green .
go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity then Arnold Laboratory .
avoid the J.W. Wilson until going to the John Hay Library .
stay on the BERT to get to P-131317 .
go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences but do not go to Wriston Quad .
always go through the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall before going to Van Wickle Gates .
go to Rhode Island Hall before going to Citizen's Bank .
always avoid going through the Salomon Center for Teaching to the BERT
avoid the Kassar House until you go to the Maddock Alumni  .
head to the Rockefeller Library and then head to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go through Citizen's Bank to the Lot 17 .
move towards 86 Waterman  and then to Robinson Gate .
go to the Sharpe Refectory .
avoid Lot 76 and go to the Rhode Island Hall .
go to the Friedman Hall through the 86 Waterman  .
go to Lyman Hall .
go to the Brown Bear without going through the Lot 76 . if you reached the Brown Bear then you can go to the Lot 76 , or be done .
approach the Wayland while avoiding the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to Rhode Island Hall after navigating to the Caswell Hall .
approach the University Hall while avoiding the Brown Bear .
go to Finlandia .
go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear but avoid Kassar House .
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color without going to the BERT . if you reached the Brown Center for Students of Color , now you can go to the BERT .
head to the Maxcy Hall avoiding Norwood House .
navigate to the Arnold Laboratory .
go through Rhode Island Hall to Sayles Hall .
go to Class of 1887 Gate through the Saint Stephens Church .
get to Wayland , while avoiding Walter Hall
move to the Rhode Island Hall avoiding The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ if you got to the Rhode Island Hall then you can continue to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
navigate to the Starbucks but never go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to the Brown Bear through the Friedman Hall
go to Maxcy Green while avoiding Metcalf Research Building
avoid the Slater Hall until you go to Littlefield Hall .
go to Manning and then to Friedman Hall
go to Brown University Sciences Library by going through Norwood House
go to the Sayles Hall , then go to the Manning .
go through the Swearer Center for Public Service before going to the Sayles Hall .
always navigate to Arnold Laboratory and then proceed to Wriston Quad .
go to the Wayland without touching Brown Bear .
head to the Maxcy Hall avoiding Simmons Quadrangle .
avoid Alpha Chi Omega Sorority until navigating to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
move to the Blue Room and then the Brown Bear .
go to the Class of 1872 Gate through the J.W. Wilson .
go to Class of 1872 Gate then go to the 67 George .
go from the Littlefield Hall to the Marcus Aurelius
go to The Ivy Room .
navigate to Faunce House .
approach the Brown University while avoiding the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
avoid the Medical Research Lab and go to the Walter Hall .
go to the Marston Hall and then go to Prince Engineering Lab .
go to the Caswell Hall . if you reached the Caswell Hall then you may go to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
head to the Saint Stephens Church avoiding Medical Research Lab .
go to the Quiet Green , and then go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
stay away from the Lot 76 and go to Finlandia .
go to the John Hay Library and then go to the Robinson Gate .
avoid Minden Hall and move into the Manning .
go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences and avoid the J.W. Wilson .
avoid the Medical Research Lab until after going to the Horace Mann House .
go to the Walter Hall
go through Medical Research Lab on your way to the Robinson Gate .
avoid the Medical Research Lab until going to the Sharpe Refectory .
navigate to Quiet Green .
go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology but do not enter the Circle Dance Sculpture first .
go to Maddock Alumni  and then the Simmons Quadrangle
go to the Sharpe Refectory but do not go through the Manning first .
always avoid Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop and go through the Manning .
navigate to the Robinson Hall , and then navigate to the Minden Hall .
first go to Arnold Laboratory , then go to the Manning .
go to the Maddock Alumni  avoiding the Maddock Alumni  . if you reached the Hope College you can stay there , or head to the Maddock Alumni  .
go to Littlefield Hall through the Saint Stephens Church
go to the Gardner House and then to Maddock Alumni  .
go to the Lincoln Field Building avoiding Walter Hall .
go to the Brown Bear through the Maddock Alumni  .
go to the Brown Bear always avoiding the Gardner House .
do not go into the Horace Mann House until going to Urban Environmental Lab
always go through the Sharpe Refectory to get to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
avoid Kassar House and go to Wriston Quad .
avoid the J.W. Wilson until you go to Untitled Lamp/Bear
avoid the Slater Hall until going to the Carrie Tower .
go to the University Hall and then head to Hegeman .
avoid Quiet Green and go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to John Nicholas Brown Gate and avoid the Lot 18 .
avoid Rhode Island Hall and go to Arnold Laboratory if you reached Arnold Laboratory then you can go to Rhode Island Hall .
avoid Swearer Center for Public Service and go to Rockefeller Library if you have reached Rockefeller Library then you can go to Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to Quiet Green from the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall only .
stay on the Metcalf Research Building while going to the Starbucks .
move to the Sears .
go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity without entering the Medical Research Lab .
go through the Simmons Quadrangle before going to the Idee di pietra .
go to or through the Brown Bear always avoid going through the Idee di pietra
first navigate to the Lippit House , then make your way to the Lot 76 .
always avoid the Kassar House while navigating to the Brown University .
stay on the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences to get to Class of 1872 Gate .
go to the Slavery Memorial .
go through the Marcus Aurelius to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to J.W. Wilson first , without passing through the P-131317
go through the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority before going to the Wayland .
go to the Brown Bear by going through Sears .
get to Robinson Gate , while avoiding Minden Hall
go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences through Van Wickle Gates
avoid the first and Circle Dance Sculpture and go to John Carter Brown Library .
go to the Blue Room
avoid the Lot 18 until you go to the Brown University Sciences Library .
stay on the John Hay Library to get to Shirley Miller House .
go to the Robinson Hall .
go from the Wriston Quad to the Class of 1887 Gate
navigate to the Lyman Hall and avoid Lot 17 .
go to Lot 17 through the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to the Barus Building but never go to the Manning .
always pass Kassar House to get to level 1 .
go to the Manning only through the Brown Center for Students of Color
pass through Swearer Center for Public Service before going to the Mencoff Hall .
go to Hegeman through Class of 1887 Gate
avoid Kassar House and go to the Faunce House .
go to the Sayles Hall by first going to the Friedman Hall .
always avoid Idee di pietra and navigate to the Lyman Hall .
avoid the Brown Bear until going to the Faunce House .
go to the Arnold Laboratory through the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
move to the Citizen's Bank but go through Hope College first .
navigate to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to the Wayland through John Carter Brown Library .
go to the Robinson Hall after you go to the Class of 1887 Gate .
go to the Van Wickle Gates , then head to the Mencoff Hall .
pass through the Hegeman before going to the Class of 1887 Gate .
avoid the Class of 1887 Gate until navigating to the J.W. Wilson .
always avoid 86 Waterman  and go to the Kassar House .
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching while avoiding 67 George .
avoid Lot 18 until you go to John Carter Brown Library .
avoid Wriston Quad until going to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to the 67 George
go to Wriston Quad through the 86 Waterman 
travel through the Van Wickle Gates then go to the Gardner House .
always avoid going through Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity
go to the Arnold Laboratory avoiding Mencoff Hall .
go from Brown Center for Students of Color to Circle Dance Sculpture .
avoid the Horace Mann House and the Friedman Hall and go to Horace Mann House .
avoid the Mencoff Hall and go to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Hope College , then go to the Walter Hall .
go to the Mencoff Hall then go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to the Citizen's Bank but avoid the Brown University .
go to 86 Waterman  by going through Finlandia
avoid the Lyman Hall until you navigate to the Horace Mann House .
go to or through the Van Wickle Gates , but avoid going to the Van Wickle Gates through the Quiet Green
go through the Maddock Alumni  to 86 Waterman  .
avoid the Norwood House until you go to the Arnold Laboratory .
avoid the Prospect House , navigate to the Maxcy Hall .
without stepping in the Prospect House , go to Quiet Green .
go to Arnold Laboratory
avoid the Mencoff Hall and go to the Littlefield Hall .
avoid the Maxcy Hall and go to the University Hall .
head to the Citizen's Bank , but make sure to go through the Sharpe Refectory first .
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology then go to the Finlandia
go to Brown Center for Students of Color without going in the Brown Bear
avoid Sayles Hall until going to the Rhode Island Hall .
go through the Quiet Green to Marcus Aurelius .
move to the Saint Stephens Church but ensure to go to the Manning first .
pass through the Medical Research Lab on your way to the Lot 17 .
head to the Walter Hall without going through the Brown Center for Students of Color
go through John Nicholas Brown Gate before going to the Sayles Hall .
navigate to the William Goddard Memorial Gate avoiding Hope College .
go through the Marcus Aurelius to the Slavery Memorial .
navigate to Gardner House .
navigate to Carrie Tower , always avoiding Van Wickle Gates .
navigate to the Citizen's Bank .
avoid the Robinson Gate and go to John Nicholas Brown Gate
go through Untitled Lamp/Bear then go to Littlefield Hall .
move to the Casey Shearer Memorial but go through Wilbour Hall first .
go to the War Memorial then go Maxcy Green .
always avoid Finlandia and go to the Robinson Hall .
go to the Littlefield Hall before going to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
get to Wilbour Hall , while avoiding Circle Dance Sculpture
avoid the Class of 1887 Gate and go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to Arnold Laboratory before going in the P-131317
go to Manning but do not first go through the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
pass through Gardner House before going to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
stay on the John Hay Library while going to the Sears .
always avoid the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall and navigate to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
without stepping in the Sayles Hall , go to Metcalf Research Building .
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching without going to the John Hay Library .
go to the Urban Environmental Lab
always go through the Blue Room before going to Wriston Quad .
avoid the Brown Bear until you go to the The Ivy Room .
go to the Lincoln Field Building , then go to Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to the Brown University and then to Hegeman .
always avoid going to Barus Building through the Casey Shearer Memorial
avoid the Medical Research Lab and navigate to the Simmons Quadrangle .
avoid Lot 76 until going to the Brown Bear .
go to the Sharpe Refectory .
avoid the Finlandia and go to Wriston Quad .
avoid Caswell Hall until navigating to the Prince Engineering Lab .
avoid the 67 George until navigating to the Brown University Sciences Library .
go to the Lot 18 through the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
always avoid Maxcy Green and navigate to the University Hall .
avoid the Quiet Green and go to the Saint Stephens Church .
avoid Simmons Quadrangle and go to BERT if you reached BERT then you can go to Simmons Quadrangle .
go to Sayles Hall through the Faunce House .
go through Lyman Hall then go to Class of 1872 Gate .
go through the War Memorial to Brown Bear .
go to the College Green through the War Memorial .
go to Lot 18 and avoid the College Green .
avoid Wriston Quad and go to Metcalf Research Building .
avoid the Prince Engineering Lab until you go to the Sharpe Refectory .
go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to the Van Wickle Gates without ever leaving the Horace Mann House .
proceed to the Van Wickle Gates .
go through Watson Center for Information Technology to the John Hay Library .
go through the Slater Hall before going to the Maddock Alumni  .
avoid The Ivy Room until you go to University Hall .
move to the Maxcy Green .
go to the Blue Room through the Shirley Miller House .
go to or through the Robinson Gate , but avoid going to the Robinson Gate through the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology
avoid Swearer Center for Public Service until you go to Brown University Sciences Library .
go to Saint Stephens Church by first visiting the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the War Memorial without ever leaving the Sears .
go from the Horace Mann House to the Class of 1887 Gate .
go through the Watson Center for Information Technology to get to Van Wickle Gates
go to the Blue Room .
go to Manning .
go to the Starbucks before going to The Ivy Room .
go to J.W. Wilson by avoiding the John Hay Library and then stay there or continue to the John Hay Library .
go to Horace Mann House while avoiding the first and Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to the Lot 18 while avoiding Soldiers Memorial Gate
avoid Horace Mann House until going to Rockefeller Library .
always avoid going to Minden Hall through the Rockefeller Library
go to Class of 1887 Gate .
go to Metcalf Research Building through the Brown University Sciences Library
go to Brown Bear via the Idee di pietra .
go to the Lot 76 through the Robinson Hall
avoid the Lincoln Field Building and go to the 86 Waterman  .
pass through the Van Wickle Gates before going to the Brown Bear .
move to Class of 1872 Gate from the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to Maxcy Green before going to the Barus Building .
avoid the Lot 76 until you navigate to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to the Quiet Green by first going to the Lincoln Field Building .
always avoid Maxcy Green and navigate to the Prince Engineering Lab .
go to the Sears but avoid Faunce House .
go to Marcus Aurelius by first going to the Manning .
always go from the Hughes Court to the Barus Building .
avoid Slater Hall while traveling to Minden Hall .
go to the War Memorial without going to the Sayles Hall
go to the Rhode Island Hall via GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to the Rhode Island Hall before going to Prospect House
avoid the BERT until going through Brown Bear .
go to Starbucks through the List Art Building
go to the Norwood House before going to Lot 18
go to Rhode Island Hall and then to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority
avoid the Norwood House until going to the Robinson Gate .
go to Slavery Memorial , avoiding the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority
go to the 86 Waterman  but avoid Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
always avoid Mencoff Hall and go to the Wilbour Hall .
go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology avoiding the Marston Hall . go through the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology to get to the Marston Hall .
go to Circle Dance Sculpture through Barus Building .
remain on the Van Wickle Gates and navigate to the Lot 17 .
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority through The Ivy Room
approach the Class of 1872 Gate while avoiding the Brown University Sciences Library .
go to the Robinson Gate and then go to Friedman Hall .
go to the Blue Room avoiding the Blue Room . if you reached the Class of 1872 Gate you can stay there , or head to the Blue Room .
go to the Maxcy Green .
always avoid going to Campus Market through the Untitled Lamp/Bear
go to the Shirley Miller House while always avoiding the Hughes Court
avoid the Rockefeller Library until you go to List Art Building .
go through the Soldiers Memorial Gate to the Medical Research Lab .
go to the Prospect House without going to the Urban Environmental Lab .
move to the Brown University Sciences Library , travelling through the Idee di pietra .
stay on the J.W. Wilson while going to the Minden Hall .
go to Marston Hall while avoiding the University Hall .
go to the P-131317 but avoid the Prince Engineering Lab .
go to the Simmons Quadrangle by first going through Van Wickle Gates .
go through Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity to the Gardner House .
start on the Blue Room and move directly to Watson Center for Information Technology .
from the Kassar House , go to Class of 1887 Gate directly .
go to the Caswell Hall
always avoid the Minden Hall and go to Simmons Quadrangle .
go directly to Soldiers Memorial Gate
avoid Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop until going to the The Ivy Room .
go to College Green before going to Robinson Hall .
go to or through Marcus Aurelius avoiding going through Brown Bear
go to the Minden Hall first
avoid the first and Hope College and go to Walter Hall .
always avoid Marston Hall and navigate to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
avoid the Van Wickle Gates and go to College Green .
avoid Sharpe Refectory and go to the Simmons Quadrangle .
avoid the Metcalf Research Building and go to Lot 17 if you reached the Lot 17 , you can now go to the Metcalf Research Building or stay on Lot 17 .
move to Quiet Green , but go through the Sears first .
avoid Van Wickle Gates and go to Brown Bear if you 've reached Brown Bear then you can go to Van Wickle Gates .
avoid Wriston Quad and go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
avoid the Van Wickle Gates and reach Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop
navigate to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences before going to Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to the Medical Research Lab avoiding Littlefield Hall .
stay on the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate while going to the Idee di pietra .
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology before going to Casey Shearer Memorial
go to Sharpe Refectory before going to University Hall
go to Horace Mann House through the Brown Center for Students of Color .
avoid the Swearer Center for Public Service until reaching 86 Waterman  .
always pass through the Lincoln Field Building to get to 67 George .
navigate to the Arnold Laboratory through the Marcus Aurelius .
navigate to the John Hay Library , always avoiding the Watson Center for Information Technology .
avoid the War Memorial until you go to Simmons Quadrangle .
avoid Caswell Hall and go to the Arnold Laboratory .
go to Lot 76 through Caswell Hall .
go to the Slavery Memorial but never go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to the 67 George and then navigate to the Brown Bear .
move to Lot 76 .
go from the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity to Robinson Hall
go to the Littlefield Hall and avoid the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to the 86 Waterman  , then navigate to the The Ivy Room .
go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity through the Gardner House
go to Blue Room through the Maddock Alumni 
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology avoiding Rockefeller Library .
go to the Class of 1872 Gate and then to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
proceed to the Brown Bear but do n't leave the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
navigate to the Casey Shearer Memorial while avoiding BERT .
travel through the War Memorial then go to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to Campus Market while avoiding Robinson Hall
avoid John Hay Library and go to the Marcus Aurelius .
go to the John Carter Brown Library .
go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate and then head to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
navigate to Blue Room then continue to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to the Circle Dance Sculpture through the Shirley Miller House .
always avoid the Circle Dance Sculpture and go to Slavery Memorial .
go to the Mencoff Hall avoiding the Urban Environmental Lab .
go to Sharpe Refectory and then to Caswell Hall
go from the J.W. Wilson to the Marcus Aurelius .
go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology through the Quiet Green .
go through the Brown Center for Students of Color to Marston Hall .
go through Idee di pietra before going to the Class of 1872 Gate .
from the Citizen's Bank , navigate to the Metcalf Research Building .
avoid the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall until going to the Van Wickle Gates .
navigate to the Saint Stephens Church then continue to Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to the Carrie Tower through the Salomon Center for Teaching .
avoid the Campus Market until going to the Mencoff Hall .
avoid the John Nicholas Brown Gate and go to the University Hall .
avoid the Norwood House until navigating to the Simmons Quadrangle .
avoid the Salomon Center for Teaching until reaching Van Wickle Gates .
stay on the Campus Market to get to Marston Hall .
proceed to the Brown University Sciences Library but do n't leave the Van Wickle Gates .
travel to John Hay Library .
always go through the Wilbour Hall and then to John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to William Goddard Memorial Gate through the Kassar House .
navigate to the Caswell Hall through the Wayland .
first go to to Prince Engineering Lab then go to the Medical Research Lab .
go to P-131317 through the Salomon Center for Teaching .
go through the Rockefeller Library to the Wayland .
avoid Untitled Lamp/Bear until you go to Slater Hall .
go to the Caswell Hall through Alpha Chi Omega Sorority
visit Arnold Laboratory but do n't leave the Maddock Alumni  .
go to the Finlandia while avoiding Rockefeller Library
move to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology without leaving the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
avoid The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ until going to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to Prospect House then GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
avoid the Urban Environmental Lab on the way to Robinson Gate .
go to Brown University , before going to Lot 76 .
go through GeoChem and Macmillian Hall before going to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go from the Sharpe Refectory to Van Wickle Gates
go to Van Wickle Gates and then to Lincoln Field Building .
go to the Brown University while avoiding John Nicholas Brown Gate
navigate to Maddock Alumni  .
go from the Campus Market to the Finlandia
always avoid Maddock Alumni  and navigate to Friedman Hall .
avoid the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate and go to the Simmons Quadrangle .
avoid Slater Hall until you go to Idee di pietra .
always avoid going through Lot 17
go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences and then to Rhode Island Hall
go through Maxcy Hall before going to the The Ivy Room .
go to List Art Building through the Maxcy Green .
go to Brown University Sciences Library .
go to Lot 17 through Hughes Court .
move to the College Green first then travel to Blue Room .
avoid the Faunce House until you enter the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
avoid the Horace Mann House until you navigate to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
from the Kassar House go to Robinson Hall .
go to Sears .
go through Rockefeller Library to the Quiet Green .
go up to the BERT without going to Walter Hall .
avoid Faunce House and go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
move to the Friedman Hall avoiding Urban Environmental Lab if you got to the Friedman Hall then you can continue to Urban Environmental Lab .
go from War Memorial to Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to the J.W. Wilson whilst avoiding the Wriston Quad .
navigate to the Idee di pietra always avoiding the Wriston Quad .
go to the 67 George avoiding Brown Bear .
navigate to Quiet Green .
go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate , avoid the Prospect House until you have been to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate
go to the Slater Hall , then go to Campus Market .
go to the Arnold Laboratory while always avoiding John Nicholas Brown Gate
avoid the Horace Mann House and go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to the Rockefeller Library first
approach the Van Wickle Gates while avoiding the Gardner House .
go from the Saint Stephens Church to Brown Center for Students of Color
avoid the Hughes Court until you navigate to the John Hay Library .
go to the Hughes Court .
travel to Minden Hall .
stay on the Faunce House and navigate to Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to the Lot 76 while avoiding the College Green
go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ while avoiding going through any other objects
go to Maddock Alumni  before going in the Arnold Laboratory .
go to Maxcy Hall through the Sharpe Refectory
always go to Sharpe Refectory before navigating to the Class of 1887 Gate .
avoid Swearer Center for Public Service and go to the Lot 18 .
navigate to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
move to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go through the Casey Shearer Memorial to Lincoln Field Building .
go through the Mencoff Hall then to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to 67 George , avoiding the Maxcy Green
go to Hegeman , before going to Lot 17 .
move to Horace Mann House , but go through the Casey Shearer Memorial first .
avoid the Sayles Hall until after going to the Citizen's Bank .
stay on the Salomon Center for Teaching and go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go through the Brown Bear to the Slater Hall .
go through the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ before going to the Citizen's Bank .
go to Marston Hall through Shirley Miller House
go to John Hay Library through Sears
navigate to Brown University Sciences Library , always avoiding Circle Dance Sculpture .
navigate to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to Brown Center for Students of Color first , without passing through the College Green
go through Idee di pietra to the College Green .
always avoid the Finlandia , go to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to Urban Environmental Lab .
go to the Wriston Quad and avoid the Marcus Aurelius .
go to Robinson Gate while avoiding the Arnold Laboratory .
avoid the Lot 17 and go to the College Green .
do not go to Idee di pietra until going to Citizen's Bank
go to Lincoln Field Building but always stay away from Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
travel to Campus Market .
navigate to the Maxcy Hall after going to the Hughes Court .
go to the Mencoff Hall before going to the Kassar House
avoid the John Carter Brown Library and go to Walter Hall .
go to the Idee di pietra .
navigate to Manning .
go to the Urban Environmental Lab and then go directly to the Campus Market .
avoid the Idee di pietra until going to the Robinson Gate .
stay on the P-131317 to get to Rhode Island Hall .
go to the Maddock Alumni  through the Lyman Hall
go to Robinson Hall then go to the Idee di pietra .
go to or through Lot 18 avoiding going through Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop
go to the P-131317 and then go to the Maxcy Green .
go up to the Barus Building without going to Manning .
navigate to Circle Dance Sculpture through the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
navigate to Finlandia .
move to the John Hay Library .
go to the Faunce House then the War Memorial .
avoid the Brown Center for Students of Color and go to the Slater Hall .
avoid Alpha Chi Omega Sorority until going to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
avoid the The Ivy Room until you go to Untitled Lamp/Bear
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall before you navigate to Rockefeller Library .
from the Marston Hall , navigate to Slater Hall .
go to the Friedman Hall via the Class of 1887 Gate .
go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ then go to Carrie Tower .
go to the Lippit House .
go to John Carter Brown Library through the Hope College .
always avoid Robinson Hall and navigate to the Brown University Sciences Library .
avoid the Gardner House before you navigate to the Wriston Quad .
navigate to the Citizen's Bank but do not pass through the Lincoln Field Building .
always avoid the 86 Waterman  and go to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
avoid the Mencoff Hall and go to Campus Market .
go to the Hegeman while avoiding John Hay Library .
always avoid Carrie Tower and go to Citizen's Bank .
go to Arnold Laboratory by first visiting the Hughes Court .
while always avoiding the Horace Mann House , go to Quiet Green .
go to Marcus Aurelius and then the Walter Hall
go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority while always avoiding the Faunce House
avoid the Faunce House until reaching the J.W. Wilson .
move to the Slater Hall without leaving the Prospect House .
go to the Maddock Alumni  then go to Starbucks .
avoid the Kassar House until you go to the Lincoln Field Building .
go to Watson Center for Information Technology through the Urban Environmental Lab .
go to Littlefield Hall by first going to the Friedman Hall .
navigate directly to the College Green .
go to Slater Hall before going to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to the Shirley Miller House .
go from the Lincoln Field Building to Slater Hall
move to the Prospect House by going through the The Ivy Room
navigate to the Faunce House .
go through Rockefeller Library before going to the Minden Hall .
move to Faunce House but avoid Robinson Gate .
proceed to the Simmons Quadrangle by going through the Faunce House .
avoid University Hall and move into the P-131317 .
go to 67 George whilst avoiding the Minden Hall .
go from Shirley Miller House to University Hall .
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to Salomon Center for Teaching before going in the Robinson Hall .
stay on the Slater Hall while navigating to Sharpe Refectory .
go to the Manning while avoiding Watson Center for Information Technology .
always avoid the Carrie Tower while navigating to Sears .
go from the John Nicholas Brown Gate to the Horace Mann House
avoid the Maxcy Hall and go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop and then to Hegeman .
go to the Lyman Hall but avoid the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to the Starbucks through the Manning .
avoid the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity until you go to the Saint Stephens Church .
go to John Hay Library before going to the Lot 18 .
stay on the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity and go to Blue Room .
head to the J.W. Wilson avoiding Faunce House .
avoid Salomon Center for Teaching and go to the Shirley Miller House .
go to the Hegeman .
go to Prospect House without first passing through Caswell Hall .
go to Brown University Sciences Library and then to Barus Building .
go to the 86 Waterman  , then go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
always avoid Sharpe Refectory and navigate to the Lippit House .
go to the Lincoln Field Building and then navigate to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to Gardner House and proceed to Horace Mann House .
always go to Slavery Memorial before Maxcy Green .
avoid the Arnold Laboratory until going to the Class of 1887 Gate .
go to the Rockefeller Library and then go to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to Maxcy Green , but do not go to College Green .
avoid the John Nicholas Brown Gate until you go to the Blue Room .
go to the Slavery Memorial then go to the Carrie Tower .
avoid Class of 1872 Gate until you go to the Slavery Memorial .
go to the P-131317 .
go to Watson Center for Information Technology by avoiding the 86 Waterman  and then stay there or continue to the 86 Waterman  .
always avoid the Lot 17 and go to the Caswell Hall .
go to the BERT then go to Idee di pietra
go to Norwood House
go to the Swearer Center for Public Service . if you reached the Swearer Center for Public Service then you may go to the Shirley Miller House .
go to Slater Hall through the War Memorial .
avoid the first and Prince Engineering Lab and go to Prospect House .
go to Maxcy Green without going in the 86 Waterman 
go to the Medical Research Lab while avoiding the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to the Kassar House .
always pass through the Caswell Hall to get to Walter Hall .
go to Starbucks and avoid the Wayland .
go through Maxcy Green and then to the Slater Hall .
proceed to Lot 17 but avoid Watson Center for Information Technology on the way . if you have reached Lot 17 then you can proceed to Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to University Hall
go to or through the Littlefield Hall . always avoid going to the Littlefield Hall through Alpha Chi Omega Sorority
go to Rockefeller Library and avoid the Lot 76 .
always go through List Art Building and then to the Maxcy Green .
navigate to Caswell Hall .
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority through Kassar House .
head to the BERT without going through the Kassar House
navigate to the Metcalf Research Building .
go to the BERT by first visiting Littlefield Hall .
go to the Campus Market while avoiding the Carrie Tower
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology , then go to the Littlefield Hall .
go to Marcus Aurelius always avoiding the Kassar House .
move to John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go through the Lot 17 to P-131317 .
move toward the Casey Shearer Memorial .
navigate to the Rhode Island Hall , always avoiding the Idee di pietra .
go to University Hall through the Hegeman
go to the Gardner House via Norwood House .
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity avoiding the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity . if you reached the Casey Shearer Memorial you can stay there , or head to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
move to John Hay Library from the Starbucks .
go to the Wriston Quad
move to Salomon Center for Teaching without leaving the Prospect House .
from the Sears , go to Horace Mann House directly .
go through the Finlandia to the Prince Engineering Lab .
avoid the Metcalf Research Building until you go to the Slavery Memorial .
navigate to the Kassar House .
navigate to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to the Rockefeller Library then the Maxcy Green .
go through Hughes Court then go to Slavery Memorial .
go to BERT while always avoiding the War Memorial .
go to Metcalf Research Building , then head to the Urban Environmental Lab .
navigate to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to the Citizen's Bank through the Slater Hall .
go to Simmons Quadrangle before going to Rockefeller Library
go to the Slater Hall , then go to the BERT .
avoid the Blue Room and go to the Metcalf Research Building .
go to the Class of 1872 Gate while avoiding Lot 17
go to Sharpe Refectory .
go to the Van Wickle Gates while avoiding the John Hay Library
always go through the Friedman Hall before going to Brown University Sciences Library .
avoid the Saint Stephens Church and go to Rockefeller Library .
avoid Manning , and go to Untitled Lamp/Bear .
avoid the Idee di pietra and go to 67 George .
always go through the Class of 1872 Gate before going to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to the Faunce House through War Memorial
go to the Gardner House
go to University Hall
go to the Hope College through Shirley Miller House
go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ by first going to the Maxcy Green .
go to the Saint Stephens Church
go to Sayles Hall before Hegeman .
go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology before going to J.W. Wilson .
go to the John Hay Library by first visiting John Carter Brown Library .
navigate to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity before going to Friedman Hall .
do n't go into the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall until going to Rockefeller Library
go to Urban Environmental Lab through Simmons Quadrangle .
go to Faunce House by avoiding the Norwood House and then stay there or continue to the Norwood House .
go to the Sears .
navigate to Lyman Hall through the Lippit House .
go to the Maddock Alumni  from the Slater Hall
go to Lot 76 before going to the Horace Mann House
go to the Friedman Hall through Hope College .
go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
avoid Class of 1887 Gate until after you go to Brown University .
move to the Wriston Quad but ensure to go to the Minden Hall first .
go to Shirley Miller House
go through Maxcy Green and navigate to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to Norwood House .
go to William Goddard Memorial Gate , then head to the Littlefield Hall .
go through Hughes Court and then to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to Marston Hall before going to the Hegeman .
go directly to Sayles Hall .
move to Maxcy Green without leaving the BERT .
navigate to the Brown Bear , always avoiding the Lippit House .
go to Watson Center for Information Technology
avoid Barus Building until you go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to or through the Faunce House always avoid going through the Walter Hall
go to Van Wickle Gates before going in the Brown Bear
avoid Idee di pietra and go to the Faunce House .
remain on the Slater Hall and navigate to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to the Class of 1872 Gate without going through the Rockefeller Library .
go to the Shirley Miller House always avoiding the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
always avoid the Norwood House and navigate to the Mencoff Hall .
go to the Wayland .
avoid the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ until you go to the Slater Hall .
go to Arnold Laboratory .
navigate to the Soldiers Memorial Gate while avoiding Sears .
go to the Wriston Quad by avoiding Lyman Hall and then stay in the Wriston Quad or continue to Lyman Hall
go to the Citizen's Bank while avoiding Morgan Witter Rogers Gate
go to Sears without entering the Wayland .
move to the Maxcy Green avoiding Slater Hall if you got to the Maxcy Green then you can continue to Slater Hall .
travel to Walter Hall .
go to Brown Center for Students of Color and then go to the Kassar House .
avoid the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ and go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to Sears
go to the 67 George through the Soldiers Memorial Gate
without stepping in the Kassar House , go to Carrie Tower .
avoid Horace Mann House and go to the Class of 1872 Gate .
go from the John Carter Brown Library to BERT
go to the Maxcy Hall and then go to the Rockefeller Library .
proceed to Swearer Center for Public Service without going through the Wilbour Hall .
always avoid going to Arnold Laboratory through the Norwood House
go to Prince Engineering Lab through List Art Building
go to the Van Wickle Gates before going to Lot 76
go through the Urban Environmental Lab to the Brown University Sciences Library .
go to J.W. Wilson before going to Hegeman .
go to BERT before going to the Norwood House
navigate to the Mencoff Hall through the College Green .
go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to the Campus Market avoiding the Wilbour Hall .
avoid Robinson Hall and go to the Sharpe Refectory .
go to the Hegeman by going through Wriston Quad .
go to University Hall , then go to Brown University .
go to the 67 George while always avoiding Maxcy Green
go to William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go from the Brown Bear to Quiet Green .
go to the Friedman Hall through the Soldiers Memorial Gate
stay on the Carrie Tower to get to Mencoff Hall .
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity without going to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go from the Maddock Alumni  to Robinson Gate
avoid Faunce House and go to the Marston Hall .
avoid the Walter Hall on the way to Medical Research Lab .
go to Van Wickle Gates but always avoid Saint Stephens Church .
navigate to the Shirley Miller House , always avoiding the Arnold Laboratory .
start on the William Goddard Memorial Gate and move directly to 67 George .
go to or through the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology always avoid going through the Faunce House
go to College Green before going to the Slater Hall
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology through the Littlefield Hall .
head to Class of 1887 Gate after going to the Marcus Aurelius .
avoid the Simmons Quadrangle until Medical Research Lab .
go to Van Wickle Gates through J.W. Wilson .
go to Brown University Sciences Library and avoid 2nd and Sayles Hall
go to Brown Bear .
go to Idee di pietra and avoid the Lippit House .
go from the Saint Stephens Church to the Walter Hall
move to the Saint Stephens Church and then the Simmons Quadrangle .
navigate through College Green and go to the Barus Building .
go to the P-131317 but avoid Hope College if you reached to the P-131317 then you can head to Hope College or stay put .
navigate to Blue Room .
always avoid Hegeman and navigate to Hughes Court .
go to Faunce House and avoid 2nd and Medical Research Lab
go to the Shirley Miller House through the Hughes Court
go to the Wriston Quad .
go directly to War Memorial
go to the Faunce House .
move to Mencoff Hall without leaving the 67 George .
avoid Wriston Quad until going to Wilbour Hall .
avoid the P-131317 until you go to Simmons Quadrangle .
go to the John Hay Library through Urban Environmental Lab .
navigate to the Class of 1887 Gate .
avoid Brown Bear and go to the John Hay Library .
move to Wriston Quad , but travel to the Brown University Sciences Library first .
go to Lot 18 by avoiding the Hughes Court and then stay there or continue to the Hughes Court .
avoid the Faunce House until you reach Citizen's Bank .
go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate by first going to the Campus Market .
move to the Gardner House avoiding Untitled Lamp/Bear if you got to the Gardner House then you can continue to Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to the Quiet Green then go Lot 76 .
move to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences without leaving the Simmons Quadrangle .
go through Sharpe Refectory and then to the Manning .
go to the Walter Hall then move to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
navigate to the Hughes Court .
go through the Hegeman first , then go to the Maxcy Green .
go to the Littlefield Hall
go to the John Carter Brown Library
navigate to the Casey Shearer Memorial while avoiding Citizen's Bank .
navigate to Kassar House through the Lippit House .
while avoiding the Hughes Court , navigate to Robinson Hall .
go to the Blue Room .
go to Medical Research Lab , then go to Brown Bear .
go through the Lyman Hall to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to University Hall , then go to Brown University Sciences Library .
go through the 67 George to Salomon Center for Teaching .
move to 86 Waterman  , but go through the Idee di pietra first .
go through Minden Hall on your way to the Lincoln Field Building .
go to Watson Center for Information Technology but do not first go through the List Art Building .
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
avoid the Urban Environmental Lab and go to Maddock Alumni  .
go from the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ to Manning
go to Faunce House while always avoiding the Casey Shearer Memorial
avoid the Van Wickle Gates and go to the Brown Bear .
navigate from the Mencoff Hall to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
avoid the Sears on the way to Gardner House .
avoid Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology and proceed to P-131317
go through the Prince Engineering Lab and navigate to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
navigate to the Brown University through the Brown Bear .
go to the Rockefeller Library while staying on the Swearer Center for Public Service .
visit The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ but do n't leave the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to the Kassar House through Mencoff Hall .
navigate to BERT through the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
avoid John Hay Library and go to the Prospect House .
go to the Sharpe Refectory through the Sayles Hall
avoid the second and College Green and go to the Maxcy Green .
go to Hegeman before going to John Hay Library
go through the Van Wickle Gates to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to Brown University Sciences Library and then to Saint Stephens Church .
navigate to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ while avoiding Brown Bear .
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority , then go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
avoid the Hegeman until going to Littlefield Hall .
go to Lyman Hall
go to Prospect House without going into the Brown Bear
always avoid Class of 1872 Gate and navigate to the Maddock Alumni  .
go to the Sears through the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
pass through Morgan Witter Rogers Gate before going to the Hope College .
navigate to Maddock Alumni  .
go to Brown Center for Students of Color before navigating to the Rockefeller Library .
go from the Faunce House to the Maxcy Green
move to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate , but go through the Watson Center for Information Technology first .
go through the Lyman Hall then to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
avoid Maddock Alumni  until you go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
stay on the Robinson Hall and navigate to Brown Bear .
first navigate to the Finlandia , then make your way to the Urban Environmental Lab .
go to Mencoff Hall , but do not go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
move to the Walter Hall .
go to the John Hay Library
avoid the John Hay Library before you navigate to the Lot 17 .
go to List Art Building but always avoid Brown University .
go to the Maxcy Hall while avoiding Prospect House
go to the Maddock Alumni  avoiding the Maddock Alumni  . if you reached the University Hall you can stay there , or head to the Maddock Alumni  .
always go through the Watson Center for Information Technology before going to Arnold Laboratory .
go to Wriston Quad .
go to the Prospect House while always avoiding the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity
go to the Robinson Hall avoiding Watson Center for Information Technology .
go through Metcalf Research Building and then to the Lincoln Field Building .
go to Lot 76 .
go to the Brown University and then head to Carrie Tower .
navigate to 86 Waterman  through the Van Wickle Gates .
avoid the J.W. Wilson and go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go from 86 Waterman  to Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to 86 Waterman  then go to 86 Waterman  .
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority
navigate to the Rhode Island Hall , and then navigate to the Wriston Quad .
avoid Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop until after you go to University Hall .
go to the Lincoln Field Building but avoid the Lot 18 .
move to the Quiet Green without entering the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to University Hall before Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
navigate to the Idee di pietra .
avoid the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop and go to the Horace Mann House .
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ and then go to the Class of 1887 Gate .
head to the The Ivy Room but first go to the Maxcy Hall .
go to Marston Hall
avoid the first and Campus Market and go to 86 Waterman  .
move towards Blue Room and then to John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go through the Lot 18 to the Caswell Hall .
go to the Quiet Green while avoiding John Hay Library
go to 67 George through Marcus Aurelius .
go to Blue Room avoiding the Shirley Miller House . then go to the Shirley Miller House or stay on Blue Room .
from the Marston Hall , navigate to the John Carter Brown Library .
go to the Lot 17 avoiding the Lot 17 . if you reached the Idee di pietra you can stay there , or head to the Lot 17 .
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall but never go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go from the Class of 1887 Gate to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity
while avoiding the Brown University Sciences Library , navigate to Simmons Quadrangle .
avoid the Norwood House until Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
navigate to the Starbucks , avoiding Hegeman .
stay on the John Carter Brown Library and navigate to Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to the Faunce House via the Maxcy Green .
go through the Medical Research Lab to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to the Sears while always avoiding the Wilbour Hall
go to the Hughes Court , avoiding Van Wickle Gates .
navigate to the Simmons Quadrangle before you go to Campus Market .
always avoid the Van Wickle Gates to navigate to Class of 1887 Gate .
go through the Marcus Aurelius to Robinson Gate .
go to the Walter Hall and then to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
always navigate to Prospect House and then proceed to Brown University .
go to the Saint Stephens Church then go to Citizen's Bank
go to the John Hay Library while avoiding Class of 1872 Gate .
go to the Maddock Alumni  before going to Wriston Quad .
go to Marston Hall then go to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
avoid the second and Lot 18 and go to the Robinson Gate .
always avoid going to Lincoln Field Building through the John Hay Library
go to the Simmons Quadrangle without going to the Lyman Hall . if you reached the Simmons Quadrangle , now you can go to the Lyman Hall .
navigate to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
from the Finlandia , navigate to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
approach the Slater Hall while avoiding the Sharpe Refectory .
move to anywhere on the Friedman Hall , then move to anywhere on the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to the Gardner House avoiding Caswell Hall .
move to the Maddock Alumni  while avoiding the Robinson Hall .
go directly to Horace Mann House .
go to the Van Wickle Gates .
avoid Littlefield Hall and go to Van Wickle Gates .
navigate to the Walter Hall .
go to Citizen's Bank .
go to the Lyman Hall
remain on the Barus Building and go directly to the Maddock Alumni  .
go to the Van Wickle Gates through the Manning .
pass through the Prince Engineering Lab before going to the Littlefield Hall .
avoid the Robinson Hall until reaching Marston Hall .
go to Rhode Island Hall before going to Van Wickle Gates .
go to J.W. Wilson while always avoiding the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to Rhode Island Hall via the Gardner House .
go through Soldiers Memorial Gate to the Finlandia .
go to Slavery Memorial before going to the 86 Waterman 
go from the John Carter Brown Library to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall
go to the Robinson Gate .
go to the Rhode Island Hall
go through the P-131317 to Wilbour Hall .
go to the P-131317 .
go to Watson Center for Information Technology while always avoiding the Barus Building
navigate to P-131317 .
go to the John Hay Library
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop , then go to the 67 George .
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
avoid Untitled Lamp/Bear until you go to the P-131317 .
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color before you go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go through the J.W. Wilson before going to Circle Dance Sculpture
go to Kassar House whilst avoiding the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to Prospect House and then go to the Maxcy Green .
avoid Blue Room while traveling to Brown University .
navigate to the Maddock Alumni  while avoiding the Shirley Miller House .
always avoid Horace Mann House and go to the War Memorial .
avoid the Marcus Aurelius until you navigate to the 86 Waterman  .
move to Minden Hall from the John Hay Library .
avoid the Prospect House until you enter the Lincoln Field Building .
go to Lot 18 through Hope College .
stay on the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology and navigate to Wayland .
go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity and then to Manning
go to Littlefield Hall via the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to the John Hay Library by first visiting Class of 1887 Gate .
go to Norwood House but remain on the Shirley Miller House .
go to the Brown Bear then go to Urban Environmental Lab
avoid Circle Dance Sculpture on your way to the Caswell Hall .
go to Hope College and then the John Nicholas Brown Gate
go to Circle Dance Sculpture , then go to Van Wickle Gates .
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate by first going through the Finlandia .
go to the Lyman Hall and then head to Brown University Sciences Library .
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching through Hegeman .
go to Sayles Hall .
go to William Goddard Memorial Gate
always avoid the John Hay Library and go to the BERT .
go through the Arnold Laboratory to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to Carrie Tower .
avoid the Swearer Center for Public Service until going to Lot 76 .
move to the William Goddard Memorial Gate then continue to the Hegeman .
go through the Shirley Miller House to the Manning .
go to Carrie Tower after going to Robinson Hall .
go to the Slater Hall
always avoid the College Green and go to the University Hall .
go to Brown University Sciences Library , but never through it
go to the Sayles Hall without ever leaving the Sharpe Refectory .
go to the Brown University avoiding the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
navigate to the Hegeman while avoiding Idee di pietra .
go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate while avoiding Brown Bear and the Brown Bear
go through Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop before going to the Manning .
go to Faunce House .
pass through the Marcus Aurelius on your way to the John Hay Library .
move to the Hope College and then head to Van Wickle Gates .
go to Horace Mann House through Lincoln Field Building .
move towards Faunce House and then to Rockefeller Library .
go to Untitled Lamp/Bear then go to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
avoid the Robinson Gate and the Maxcy Hall and go to Robinson Gate .
go to Prince Engineering Lab through the Wayland
go to Wriston Quad through the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go through the Idee di pietra before going to the Lot 18 .
go to the Lippit House through Lincoln Field Building
avoid Marcus Aurelius until going to the Maxcy Hall .
go to the University Hall .
go to the Brown Bear through the Caswell Hall .
avoid the Minden Hall until you enter the Robinson Gate .
go to the Lot 18 before you go to Robinson Gate .
always pass Starbucks to get to level 1 .
go through Barus Building before going to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to the Marcus Aurelius through the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate
move to the Sears avoiding Rockefeller Library if you got to the Sears then you can continue to Rockefeller Library .
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall and then go to the Marcus Aurelius .
avoid Circle Dance Sculpture and go to Starbucks if you 've reached Starbucks then you can go to Circle Dance Sculpture .
go through the Sharpe Refectory then to the Barus Building .
go to 67 George through the Salomon Center for Teaching
go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate before going to the Maxcy Green
travel to Salomon Center for Teaching .
avoid Lot 76 and go to the 86 Waterman  .
travel through the Hope College then go to the Marston Hall .
avoid Caswell Hall until you go to Brown Bear .
avoid College Green and go to the Brown Bear .
go through the Marcus Aurelius before going to the J.W. Wilson .
go to the John Hay Library through Rhode Island Hall .
go to the War Memorial through Lot 17
go to the Simmons Quadrangle .
go to Gardner House while always avoiding the Horace Mann House
move towards Sharpe Refectory and then to Arnold Laboratory .
go to Wilbour Hall before going to Finlandia
go to or through the Soldiers Memorial Gate always avoid going to the Soldiers Memorial Gate through Maddock Alumni 
go to Brown University through the John Hay Library
go to Rhode Island Hall without first passing through John Nicholas Brown Gate .
avoid the Walter Hall until you reach Minden Hall .
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate without going to the Marston Hall
go to the Wayland before going to Norwood House
go to Class of 1887 Gate through the Rhode Island Hall .
avoid the John Carter Brown Library until going to the Class of 1872 Gate .
go to the Class of 1872 Gate through the Brown Bear .
avoid the Wriston Quad on your way to the P-131317 . once you get to the P-131317 you can to the Wriston Quad .
go to the Metcalf Research Building .
avoid the Van Wickle Gates until you go to Casey Shearer Memorial .
first go to the Maxcy Hall and then go to Robinson Hall .
always avoid the Prospect House and go to the Hope College .
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority then go Swearer Center for Public Service .
navigate to the Rhode Island Hall always avoiding the Rockefeller Library .
avoid the Class of 1887 Gate and go to John Nicholas Brown Gate .
move to the Slater Hall without entering the Horace Mann House .
avoid Urban Environmental Lab and go to the Slater Hall .
always avoid the Wriston Quad , go to Maxcy Green .
avoid Class of 1872 Gate and go to the Sears .
go to John Hay Library through the University Hall .
avoid the John Hay Library and go to Lippit House .
navigate to the Mencoff Hall .
go to the Gardner House while avoiding the Sears .
go through the Robinson Hall to get to Rhode Island Hall
go to the Maxcy Green through the Barus Building
go to the Maxcy Green by first going through the Mencoff Hall .
go to the The Ivy Room while avoiding Mencoff Hall
head to the Urban Environmental Lab avoiding Minden Hall .
go through the 67 George to the Quiet Green .
go to the Wilbour Hall then go to the Maddock Alumni  .
go from the Gardner House to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop
go through the Metcalf Research Building to Caswell Hall .
avoid the Starbucks until you go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
avoid the 86 Waterman  until you go through the Littlefield Hall .
go to a spot in the Sharpe Refectory , but do n't touch Prospect House .
navigate to the Rockefeller Library while avoiding Lot 76 .
go to Arnold Laboratory .
go to the Urban Environmental Lab through Van Wickle Gates .
navigate to the Maxcy Hall always avoiding the Lippit House .
go to the Van Wickle Gates before going to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to Hughes Court but always avoid Shirley Miller House .
go to the Friedman Hall .
go to the Shirley Miller House through the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
always avoid the 86 Waterman  , go to Robinson Hall .
go to the Robinson Hall without going to Robinson Hall .
go to the 86 Waterman  through the Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to the Friedman Hall but avoid Minden Hall .
avoid Brown University Sciences Library until you pass through Circle Dance Sculpture .
avoid the War Memorial until you go to the Robinson Gate .
go to Citizen's Bank and avoid the List Art Building .
go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop while always avoiding the Prospect House .
stay on the The Ivy Room while going to the Hegeman .
stay on the Soldiers Memorial Gate and go to Swearer Center for Public Service .
avoid the Brown Bear until passing Wayland .
go to the Littlefield Hall , then head to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to Carrie Tower , then go to Wilbour Hall .
go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate then go to the The Ivy Room
go to the Slavery Memorial through the Idee di pietra .
avoid Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop until you go to the Class of 1872 Gate .
move to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences first then travel to Slavery Memorial .
stay on the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity and go to Wilbour Hall .
avoid Class of 1887 Gate until reaching the John Carter Brown Library .
always avoid Lot 18 and navigate to the Barus Building .
proceed to the Untitled Lamp/Bear but do n't leave the Brown University Sciences Library .
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color through the Arnold Laboratory
navigate to Robinson Gate .
go to the Prospect House .
go to the Lot 17 through Idee di pietra .
go to College Green
go to Urban Environmental Lab by avoiding the Metcalf Research Building and then stay there or continue to the Metcalf Research Building .
go to the John Hay Library without going to the War Memorial
start on the Maxcy Hall , go directly to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
navigate to the Campus Market .
navigate to the Lippit House .
always avoid GeoChem and Macmillian Hall and go to Slavery Memorial .
navigate to the Carrie Tower .
navigate to the The Ivy Room before going to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
avoid Robinson Gate and go to the Rockefeller Library .
go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
head to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority after going to the Slavery Memorial .
avoid the Maxcy Green
go to Casey Shearer Memorial before going to the Maxcy Green
avoid the Sears and go to 67 George
avoid the Robinson Hall and travel to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
while always avoiding the Wayland , go to Blue Room .
avoid the College Green
avoid the Robinson Gate until you go to John Hay Library
go to the P-131317 while staying on the Slavery Memorial .
from the Watson Center for Information Technology , navigate to the Starbucks .
avoid the first and The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ and go to Maxcy Hall .
move to 86 Waterman  from the Citizen's Bank .
go to University Hall through the Slater Hall .
go to the Wilbour Hall then go to Lippit House .
avoid J.W. Wilson until going to the War Memorial .
always avoid Saint Stephens Church and navigate to the Starbucks .
go to the Robinson Gate , then go to the Gardner House .
go to the Campus Market , then go to the Caswell Hall .
avoid Horace Mann House until going to John Hay Library .
move to Lippit House without entering the Marcus Aurelius . then you may stay at Lippit House or go to the Marcus Aurelius .
pass through the Marston Hall on your way to the Lot 76 .
navigate to the Rockefeller Library by passing through the War Memorial .
go to Hope College through the Finlandia
go to the List Art Building by going through Wilbour Hall .
go through the Marston Hall to Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to the War Memorial , and then go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
avoid 67 George until you have passed through Mencoff Hall
head to Brown Center for Students of Color after going to the Campus Market .
go from the Lot 76 to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology
always avoid going to Slater Hall through the Van Wickle Gates
go to the Hughes Court avoiding the 86 Waterman  . go through the Hughes Court to get to the 86 Waterman  .
move to Faunce House .
navigate to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop but do not enter the Brown University Sciences Library first .
go to Carrie Tower and avoid the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to Lyman Hall before going in the Prospect House .
go to the Lippit House through the Wriston Quad .
go to Swearer Center for Public Service and always avoid the Casey Shearer Memorial
avoid the Brown Bear until you go to the Marston Hall .
go to Robinson Hall before going to Starbucks .
go to the John Hay Library .
go to Rhode Island Hall but always stay away from Walter Hall .
go through the Van Wickle Gates to John Hay Library .
navigate to Walter Hall through the Maddock Alumni  .
go through Blue Room to The Ivy Room .
go to Lot 76 and then go to the War Memorial .
go to the Swearer Center for Public Service without going to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology . if you reached the Swearer Center for Public Service , now you can go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
from the Slater Hall , go to Manning directly .
go to the Blue Room before going to Hope College .
always avoid John Nicholas Brown Gate while going to Slater Hall .
pass through the Casey Shearer Memorial on your way to the Hope College .
go to the Lot 17 .
avoid Littlefield Hall , and go to Van Wickle Gates .
avoid the Friedman Hall on the way to Maxcy Hall .
avoid the 86 Waterman  until you go to Maddock Alumni  .
navigate to the Watson Center for Information Technology while avoiding Slater Hall .
go from the Lyman Hall to the William Goddard Memorial Gate
avoid Faunce House while navigating to John Carter Brown Library .
navigate to Quiet Green .
avoid P-131317 and go to Metcalf Research Building if you 've reached Metcalf Research Building then you can go to P-131317 .
go through Wayland and navigate to the Littlefield Hall .
navigate to the Simmons Quadrangle then continue to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
proceed to the Lot 18 but do n't leave the 67 George .
go to Untitled Lamp/Bear but remain on the Metcalf Research Building .
go through the Slater Hall before going to Van Wickle Gates
go to the The Ivy Room from the J.W. Wilson
go to Brown Bear and then to Wilbour Hall
go to the Class of 1887 Gate without going to the Gardner House . if you reached the Class of 1887 Gate , now you can go to the Gardner House .
navigate to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
avoid Urban Environmental Lab and go to Friedman Hall .
go to Slavery Memorial .
avoid the Kassar House and go to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
avoid Faunce House while going to the Simmons Quadrangle .
go to 1 Maxcy Hall after Lot 18
go to Lot 17 , before going to J.W. Wilson .
go to Slavery Memorial then go to 67 George .
go to Robinson Hall then go to Robinson Hall .
go to Manning through Barus Building .
avoid Sharpe Refectory while traveling to Maxcy Green .
go to J.W. Wilson always avoiding the Class of 1887 Gate .
go to John Nicholas Brown Gate .
navigate to Class of 1872 Gate , always avoiding Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go through the The Ivy Room to the Lot 17 .
go through the College Green before going to the Campus Market .
go through the Littlefield Hall to Slavery Memorial .
go to Hope College through the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to Lot 17 and then to Caswell Hall
always avoid The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ and go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
proceed to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to the John Carter Brown Library but do not enter the Slater Hall first .
always avoid The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ and go to Arnold Laboratory .
always navigate to Sayles Hall and then proceed to Untitled Lamp/Bear .
avoid John Hay Library and go to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to War Memorial but always stay away from Lyman Hall .
avoid University Hall until you go to 67 George .
go through the Slavery Memorial to Wilbour Hall .
go to the Simmons Quadrangle before going to Barus Building .
go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall without first passing through Wriston Quad .
avoid the Walter Hall and go to the Gardner House .
travel to the Slavery Memorial and then go to Mencoff Hall .
go to Manning and then to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology
go to the Casey Shearer Memorial then go to the Arnold Laboratory .
go to the Walter Hall through the John Carter Brown Library
avoid the Quiet Green and go to 86 Waterman  .
always avoid Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology and navigate to the Lot 76 .
go to the Shirley Miller House .
go to the Blue Room through Van Wickle Gates
avoid the Blue Room and go to the Rockefeller Library .
go to the Barus Building without going to the War Memorial
go through the Class of 1887 Gate and navigate to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
move to the Campus Market , travelling through Starbucks .
avoid the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate until navigating to the Wriston Quad .
avoid Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology until going to the Blue Room .
go to the Class of 1872 Gate while avoiding Walter Hall
go to Brown Bear first , without passing through the Wriston Quad
avoid the Watson Center for Information Technology until going to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to College Green .
avoid Wayland until going to the Lippit House .
navigate to the Brown Bear but do not pass through the Wriston Quad .
go to the BERT before going to the Hope College
from the Manning go to Lot 18 .
go to Lincoln Field Building before going to the Class of 1887 Gate
go to the Medical Research Lab through Mencoff Hall .
go to the Swearer Center for Public Service through the 67 George
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color before going to Wilbour Hall
go to Quiet Green , but never through it
go through the 67 George before navigating to Friedman Hall .
head to the Finlandia avoiding Van Wickle Gates .
always avoid Idee di pietra and navigate to the Citizen's Bank .
go to the Maddock Alumni  , then go to Metcalf Research Building .
go to or through the Hughes Court always avoid going through the Brown Bear
go up to Prince Engineering Lab .
avoid Gardner House until reaching the Brown Bear .
navigate to The Ivy Room then continue to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
move to the Brown University Sciences Library and then the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
avoid the Gardner House on the way to University Hall .
go to Salomon Center for Teaching but always stay away from Hope College .
go to Robinson Gate through the Lincoln Field Building .
go to the Caswell Hall through the Arnold Laboratory
avoid Minden Hall and go to the P-131317 .
head to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences but first go to the BERT .
move to the John Hay Library avoiding Rockefeller Library if you got to the John Hay Library then you can continue to Rockefeller Library .
avoid Untitled Lamp/Bear and proceed to Littlefield Hall
move to the Arnold Laboratory but go through College Green first .
head to the Medical Research Lab avoiding Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to the Lippit House before going to Wilbour Hall .
do n't go into the Littlefield Hall until going to Arnold Laboratory
go to the Sayles Hall only through the Watson Center for Information Technology
go to the Class of 1887 Gate avoiding GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate , avoid the Salomon Center for Teaching until you have been to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate
approach the Starbucks while avoiding the Robinson Gate .
go to the Hope College
from the Arnold Laboratory , navigate to Watson Center for Information Technology .
navigate to the Metcalf Research Building through the Sayles Hall .
navigate to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to Brown University through the Prospect House .
go to the Wilbour Hall , then go to the Lincoln Field Building .
go to or through the Carrie Tower while avoiding going through the Minden Hall
go to Kassar House then go to the Slavery Memorial .
go up to Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to the Van Wickle Gates through Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
always avoid going through Citizen's Bank
navigate to the The Ivy Room .
avoid Class of 1887 Gate until you go to Rockefeller Library .
avoid the Mencoff Hall and go to the Minden Hall .
go to the Brown Bear through the Shirley Miller House .
go to Sharpe Refectory first , without passing through the Brown Bear
first go to University Hall , then go to the Lot 76 .
go to Blue Room then Norwood House .
always avoid going through the Faunce House to the Quiet Green
go to the Finlandia .
visit the John Hay Library and then move to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ , before going to Hope College .
navigate to the Citizen's Bank while avoiding Maxcy Hall .
avoid the Sears and reach BERT
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity , then go to the Hegeman .
always avoid the Marston Hall and travel to Barus Building .
go through the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate to Blue Room .
move to the Wriston Quad and then the Swearer Center for Public Service .
move towards Medical Research Lab and then to Campus Market .
go to the Rockefeller Library through the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate before going to the Lyman Hall
go to the Sharpe Refectory while always avoiding the Rhode Island Hall
go to the Quiet Green without going to the Van Wickle Gates . if you reached the Quiet Green , now you can go to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to Maxcy Green through the John Nicholas Brown Gate
go from the Lincoln Field Building to Campus Market .
avoid the Class of 1872 Gate until going to the Brown University Sciences Library .
go to Circle Dance Sculpture and then to Slavery Memorial .
go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate without going to the Littlefield Hall
navigate to the William Goddard Memorial Gate through the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
always avoid John Nicholas Brown Gate and go to the Idee di pietra .
avoid Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology and go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
first go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall and then go to John Hay Library .
always avoid Marston Hall and go to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
go through the Lincoln Field Building to Brown University .
avoid the University Hall until going to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to Soldiers Memorial Gate , avoiding the Class of 1887 Gate
visit the Circle Dance Sculpture and then proceed to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
avoid Circle Dance Sculpture until going to Saint Stephens Church .
go through Arnold Laboratory to Caswell Hall .
go to Brown Bear , avoiding the Soldiers Memorial Gate
go to the John Carter Brown Library
without stepping in the Metcalf Research Building , go to Rhode Island Hall .
move to Brown University and then proceed to the War Memorial .
stay on the Hegeman to get to Gardner House .
go to Prince Engineering Lab
always avoid the Brown Bear while navigating to the Rockefeller Library .
go through Finlandia before going to the Walter Hall .
go to the Saint Stephens Church while avoiding Manning
go to the BERT by avoiding Swearer Center for Public Service if you reached the BERT , then you can proceed to Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to the Prince Engineering Lab through the Robinson Gate
go to the Lot 76 while avoiding Lyman Hall and the Lyman Hall
go to the Carrie Tower , then go to the Maxcy Hall .
go to the Brown Bear without going to the Van Wickle Gates
go to Prospect House .
go to Prince Engineering Lab while always avoiding the Brown University .
go to the Blue Room before going to Finlandia .
navigate to the Simmons Quadrangle avoiding 86 Waterman  .
first navigate to the Lippit House , then make your way to the Brown University .
avoid Arnold Laboratory and move into the Kassar House .
always go through the John Hay Library before going to Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to Sears then Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ through Wayland .
go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences through the Minden Hall .
go to the War Memorial while avoiding Salomon Center for Teaching and the Salomon Center for Teaching
avoid Sears until going to the Wriston Quad .
avoid Brown University until going to the John Carter Brown Library .
navigate to the Norwood House while avoiding the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
avoid Marcus Aurelius and go to the Friedman Hall .
go to Van Wickle Gates through the Slavery Memorial .
go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
navigate to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate staying on the Kassar House .
avoid Maxcy Hall and go to the Citizen's Bank .
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ and then to Norwood House .
navigate directly to the Norwood House .
navigate to the Prince Engineering Lab while avoiding the Horace Mann House .
go to the Idee di pietra , then go to the Rockefeller Library .
avoid Lippit House until going to the Blue Room .
go to Blue Room through Simmons Quadrangle
go to John Nicholas Brown Gate then go to the Maddock Alumni  .
navigate to the Lot 18 before going to the Brown University .
go through the Shirley Miller House then to the Lippit House .
avoid Brown Bear until you have passed through Watson Center for Information Technology
navigate to the Brown Bear then continue to William Goddard Memorial Gate .
navigate to the Quiet Green before going to the War Memorial .
go to William Goddard Memorial Gate
navigate to the Hope College via the BERT .
go to J.W. Wilson through Campus Market .
move to the Maxcy Green , travelling through the War Memorial .
go to Brown Bear
avoid the Van Wickle Gates until you navigate to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
avoid the Wriston Quad until reaching Wayland .
go to the Class of 1872 Gate while avoiding the Caswell Hall
go to the Citizen's Bank , then head to the Robinson Hall .
avoid the Brown Bear until going to Class of 1887 Gate .
avoid the Hegeman , navigate to the Wriston Quad .
navigate to Brown University Sciences Library .
do not go into the War Memorial until going to Finlandia
always avoid Robinson Hall and go to Brown Bear
go through the Lincoln Field Building before going to the Maxcy Hall .
go to the Minden Hall while avoiding Arnold Laboratory
go through the Prince Engineering Lab before going to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ
go to Salomon Center for Teaching through the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
start on the Maxcy Green , go directly to the Robinson Gate .
head to the Brown University Sciences Library .
first go to the 86 Waterman  and then go to Robinson Gate .
go to Citizen's Bank through the Lot 76
go to or through the Prospect House while avoiding going through the Lincoln Field Building
go to Faunce House , avoid the Van Wickle Gates until you have been to the Faunce House
always avoid Blue Room and go to Brown Bear .
move to the Prince Engineering Lab .
go to College Green and then to William Goddard Memorial Gate
remain on the Brown Bear and navigate to the Kassar House .
go to the Urban Environmental Lab and then go to Norwood House .
go to the Minden Hall
go to Faunce House then go to Citizen's Bank .
go to the Wriston Quad without going to the Brown Bear
go through Robinson Hall to the Quiet Green .
stay on the Manning and go to Urban Environmental Lab .
go to Maxcy Hall , before going to Brown Bear .
go to P-131317 .
always avoid going to Blue Room through the Shirley Miller House
go to William Goddard Memorial Gate
go to or through Prince Engineering Lab always avoid going to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology through Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology
head to the Class of 1887 Gate without going through the Untitled Lamp/Bear
go to the Campus Market , avoiding John Hay Library .
go to Minden Hall , avoid the Van Wickle Gates until you have been to the Minden Hall
go to Maxcy Hall then go to Brown Bear .
go to the Casey Shearer Memorial through Simmons Quadrangle .
go to College Green through the Littlefield Hall
head to the Walter Hall without going through the Lot 76
head to the Slavery Memorial .
avoid Brown Bear and go to the Walter Hall .
proceed to the Marcus Aurelius but do n't leave the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to the Starbucks but never go to the Lincoln Field Building .
avoid the first and Lyman Hall and go to Lot 76 .
go to Idee di pietra while avoiding John Nicholas Brown Gate
go from Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to Faunce House via the College Green .
go to the Barus Building , then proceed to Maddock Alumni  .
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology avoiding Quiet Green .
remain on the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity and navigate to the Prince Engineering Lab .
go to the Idee di pietra without going to Idee di pietra .
go to Medical Research Lab through J.W. Wilson
proceed to Circle Dance Sculpture without going through the Blue Room .
go to Wayland , then go to J.W. Wilson .
go to the Slater Hall , then head to the College Green .
go to the BERT , then go to the Faunce House .
go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity passing through the Lot 18 .
avoid Watson Center for Information Technology until you go to College Green .
avoid the University Hall until you go to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
navigate to the The Ivy Room .
while avoiding the Swearer Center for Public Service , navigate to Wriston Quad .
avoid Untitled Lamp/Bear and go to Faunce House .
go to the Lot 18 and then to the Barus Building .
first navigate to Kassar House , then go to Brown Bear .
avoid the Marcus Aurelius and go to the Prospect House .
go to the Hegeman , then go to the Prospect House .
go to Faunce House and then to BERT
always go through Idee di pietra and then to the Marston Hall .
go to the Rhode Island Hall avoiding the Wilbour Hall . go through the Rhode Island Hall to get to the Wilbour Hall .
go to the List Art Building , then proceed to Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go through the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
move to the Littlefield Hall and then the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Lyman Hall while avoiding the Hughes Court
go through Wriston Quad on your way to the Finlandia .
go through Salomon Center for Teaching to the Maxcy Green .
go to the Prospect House and then go to Class of 1887 Gate .
go to J.W. Wilson .
do not go into the Citizen's Bank until going to Sayles Hall
go to the Minden Hall and if you have reached the Minden Hall you may proceed to the Robinson Gate or stay in the Minden Hall .
navigate to the Simmons Quadrangle but never go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
avoid the Idee di pietra and go to Maxcy Green .
go to the Starbucks , then go to the Citizen's Bank .
go to the Lot 18 through the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to Finlandia then go to Finlandia .
avoid the Norwood House and reach John Hay Library
move to the Starbucks without entering the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to the University Hall .
always go through the Lot 17 to get to the John Hay Library .
go through the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity and navigate to the Maddock Alumni  .
avoid J.W. Wilson and go to 86 Waterman  if you 've reached 86 Waterman  then you can go to J.W. Wilson .
first navigate to Robinson Gate , then go to Manning .
go to or through the Watson Center for Information Technology while avoiding going through the Manning
always avoid Gardner House , and navigate to Lincoln Field Building .
go to Watson Center for Information Technology and then go to the Campus Market .
always go from the Watson Center for Information Technology to the Slavery Memorial .
go to the Urban Environmental Lab without touching Lot 17 .
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ but do not go through the Idee di pietra first .
avoid the Marston Hall and navigate to the Carrie Tower .
go to the Lincoln Field Building .
go to Lot 76 , then head to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to the The Ivy Room and then navigate to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
avoid John Hay Library while traveling to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
navigate from the Class of 1887 Gate to the Prospect House .
avoid Watson Center for Information Technology and go to John Hay Library .
go to Salomon Center for Teaching passing through the Casey Shearer Memorial .
always avoid going to Hegeman through the Simmons Quadrangle
go to the Circle Dance Sculpture and then to Gardner House .
go to the Wilbour Hall
always go to Wayland before navigating to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
navigate to the Minden Hall always avoiding the Carrie Tower .
first navigate to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences , then go to 67 George .
go to or through the Caswell Hall always avoid going through the Simmons Quadrangle
go to Littlefield Hall without first passing through Brown University .
go to the John Hay Library .
avoid the Slater Hall until going to the Brown University Sciences Library .
go to the Starbucks by first going to the Quiet Green .
navigate to Citizen's Bank through the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology whilst avoiding the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
always avoid going to Horace Mann House through the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority
go to Mencoff Hall through the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
avoid the Sears and go to the John Hay Library .
go to Brown University Sciences Library then Idee di pietra .
go through Brown University Sciences Library to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
avoid Arnold Laboratory and go to the Rhode Island Hall .
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority without going to the Minden Hall .
avoid the Citizen's Bank and go to Lot 17
go to the Maddock Alumni 
go to the Walter Hall and if you have reached the Walter Hall you may proceed to the Shirley Miller House or stay in the Walter Hall .
navigate to the Faunce House but do not pass through the J.W. Wilson .
go to Lot 76 .
go to the Friedman Hall , then go to Casey Shearer Memorial .
go through Lippit House before going to the John Hay Library .
avoid the Idee di pietra and go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to the Walter Hall without going to the Maxcy Green .
always avoid Slavery Memorial and navigate to Shirley Miller House .
go to the Lot 18 while avoiding Lyman Hall and the Lyman Hall
navigate to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
always avoid the Van Wickle Gates and go to the List Art Building .
go from the Kassar House to the Barus Building
go to the Simmons Quadrangle by first going through Salomon Center for Teaching .
navigate through William Goddard Memorial Gate then go to Mencoff Hall .
avoid Sayles Hall until after the Robinson Hall
avoid the Lot 17 and go to the Friedman Hall .
go from the Finlandia to J.W. Wilson
go to the Wriston Quad before going to the Horace Mann House .
go to the Minden Hall while avoiding Medical Research Lab
go to Quiet Green .
go to the Brown University Sciences Library and if you have reached the Brown University Sciences Library you may proceed to the Starbucks or stay in the Brown University Sciences Library .
go through the 86 Waterman  to the 67 George .
go through the Marston Hall to War Memorial .
always pass Watson Center for Information Technology to get to level 1 .
go to the Wayland .
go to Minden Hall before going to Brown Bear .
stay on the Idee di pietra while going to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to the List Art Building while avoiding the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate
navigate to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
always avoid Shirley Miller House and go to Starbucks .
go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ before going to Brown Bear .
go through Robinson Hall on your way to the Hope College .
avoid the Quiet Green and go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ . if you reached the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ then you may go to the Quiet Green , or just stay on the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to the 86 Waterman  through the Maxcy Hall .
go to the John Hay Library .
go to BERT and then to Finlandia .
from the Marston Hall , go to Sayles Hall directly .
always avoid Lippit House and go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
avoid the Faunce House until you go to Circle Dance Sculpture .
go through the John Hay Library to the 67 George .
move to the Watson Center for Information Technology while avoiding the College Green .
go to Sears through Idee di pietra .
go to the 67 George through the Lot 18 .
go to the Citizen's Bank
navigate to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity , always avoiding the Sharpe Refectory .
stay on the Marcus Aurelius to get to Medical Research Lab .
go to the Lot 17 only through the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate
always avoid 67 George while going to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go directly to Prospect House
proceed to Littlefield Hall but avoid Wriston Quad on the way . if you have reached Littlefield Hall then you can proceed to Wriston Quad .
stay on the Littlefield Hall and move to University Hall .
go to Robinson Gate while avoiding the first and Littlefield Hall .
go to the Sharpe Refectory through Kassar House .
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ then go to the Marcus Aurelius
from the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity go to Slavery Memorial .
always avoid the Wriston Quad and go to the Maddock Alumni  .
avoid Alpha Chi Omega Sorority and go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
navigate through Lyman Hall and go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to the Quiet Green whilst avoiding the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
move to Salomon Center for Teaching after moving to the Van Wickle Gates .
move to College Green , but travel to the Van Wickle Gates first .
go through the Littlefield Hall then to the Prince Engineering Lab .
navigate to the Maxcy Hall .
avoid the Wilbour Hall until after navigating to the Simmons Quadrangle .
avoid Brown Bear until going to Quiet Green .
go to the Brown Bear .
go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology , then go to the Medical Research Lab .
go to the Prince Engineering Lab through Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to Horace Mann House .
go to J.W. Wilson .
go to Brown University .
avoiding the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ , go to Brown University .
always avoid Faunce House and navigate to the Finlandia .
avoid the Prospect House until you go to Faunce House .
go to the Finlandia then go to Arnold Laboratory
go to the Wayland before you go to Shirley Miller House .
go to the Starbucks through Salomon Center for Teaching
avoid the Maddock Alumni  and go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall if you reached the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall , you can now go to the Maddock Alumni  or stay on GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to Faunce House .
avoid Medical Research Lab until you go to the Maddock Alumni  .
head to Walter Hall after going to the Metcalf Research Building .
go to Arnold Laboratory via the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Simmons Quadrangle while avoiding the Hughes Court
go to the Shirley Miller House without going through the Blue Room . if you reached the Shirley Miller House then you can go to the Blue Room , or be done .
go to Brown Center for Students of Color but always avoid Sayles Hall .
avoid the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences until you go to the Rockefeller Library .
go to Walter Hall and then to Lot 17
do not go into the Rhode Island Hall until going to Robinson Gate
avoid the Maxcy Hall until you go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go through the Wayland before going to the Gardner House .
avoid the Brown Bear until you enter the Wriston Quad .
go to or through the Lot 76 always avoid going through the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology
go to Minden Hall .
avoid the first and Horace Mann House and go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to Circle Dance Sculpture
navigate to the Minden Hall while avoiding Wriston Quad .
robot , go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to the 67 George through the Class of 1872 Gate .
go through the Kassar House to the Slater Hall .
go to the Robinson Hall without going to the The Ivy Room . if you reached the Robinson Hall , now you can go to the The Ivy Room .
avoid the Sears until going to Wilbour Hall .
avoid the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology until going to the Marston Hall .
go to the Slavery Memorial through Maxcy Green .
go to the Maxcy Hall through the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go from the Lot 18 to the Robinson Gate
go to the The Ivy Room and then navigate to the Minden Hall .
go to John Nicholas Brown Gate whilst avoiding the Mencoff Hall .
avoid the Marcus Aurelius and go to the Maxcy Green .
go to Blue Room but avoid Lincoln Field Building .
navigate to the Saint Stephens Church .
go to the Urban Environmental Lab without going through the Wilbour Hall . if you reached the Urban Environmental Lab then you can go to the Wilbour Hall , or be done .
travel to the Lincoln Field Building and then go to Rhode Island Hall .
go to the Hughes Court through the Lincoln Field Building .
first move to 67 George then navigate to the Prince Engineering Lab .
navigate through University Hall then go to College Green .
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall before you go to the Sharpe Refectory .
go to the Walter Hall and then go to the Wriston Quad .
go through the Rhode Island Hall to the Manning
always pass through the Sharpe Refectory to get to Faunce House .
go through the John Nicholas Brown Gate to the Carrie Tower .
go to the Wriston Quad through the Class of 1887 Gate .
go through the Metcalf Research Building then to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
always avoid University Hall and navigate to the John Carter Brown Library .
go to Robinson Hall
move to Faunce House , but travel to the Walter Hall first .
go to Wriston Quad .
go to the John Hay Library without ever leaving the Swearer Center for Public Service .
avoid the Norwood House and go to the Arnold Laboratory . if you reached the Arnold Laboratory then you may go to the Norwood House , or just stay on the Arnold Laboratory .
go to the Prospect House first
go from Wilbour Hall to Wayland .
navigate to the Lyman Hall avoiding Gardner House .
do not go into the Brown University until going to Wayland
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority without going to the Finlandia .
go to the Robinson Gate , then go to the Lincoln Field Building .
avoid the Salomon Center for Teaching as you go to the Arnold Laboratory .
always avoid the 86 Waterman  and navigate to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
head to the Lot 76 , but make sure to go through the Shirley Miller House first .
first go to Slavery Memorial , then go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to a spot in the Soldiers Memorial Gate , but do n't touch Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to the Carrie Tower before going to Campus Market .
avoid the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity and go to Watson Center for Information Technology .
navigate to the Friedman Hall , always avoiding the Maxcy Green .
go to or through the Simmons Quadrangle always avoid going through the Lyman Hall
go to the Horace Mann House before you navigate to Finlandia .
avoid the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity until going to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to the Robinson Gate and then go to the Quiet Green .
go to the Van Wickle Gates whilst avoiding the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to the Citizen's Bank while avoiding Maxcy Green
always avoid Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop and go to the John Carter Brown Library .
avoid Idee di pietra until going to the List Art Building .
go to the Quiet Green through Hegeman
always navigate to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall and then proceed to Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology without touching Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
always avoid Mencoff Hall and go through the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
navigate to the Casey Shearer Memorial , and then navigate to the Class of 1887 Gate .
go from the Caswell Hall to the Starbucks
go to the Slater Hall and then to University Hall .
avoid Caswell Hall on your way to the Prospect House .
avoid Arnold Laboratory and go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
always go from the Manning to the Slavery Memorial .
avoid Citizen's Bank and go to Rhode Island Hall .
go to the Urban Environmental Lab by first going to the Sayles Hall .
go to Minden Hall through the Walter Hall
avoid the Sayles Hall and travel to the University Hall .
always pass Lippit House to get to level 1 .
go to the Van Wickle Gates and avoid the Barus Building .
go through the Maxcy Green to the Hope College .
move to the University Hall and then the Quiet Green .
go to the Sayles Hall through the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
always avoid Class of 1872 Gate and go to Van Wickle Gates
go to the Walter Hall before you navigate to Lyman Hall .
go to the Barus Building through GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate , then go to the Simmons Quadrangle
move to the Wilbour Hall while avoiding the The Ivy Room .
first navigate to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ , then make your way to the Wayland .
go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching but avoid Wilbour Hall .
go through the Maddock Alumni  to the Kassar House .
go to Lot 76
avoid Lot 17 , and go to Sharpe Refectory .
avoid Marcus Aurelius until after you go to Maxcy Green .
always avoid going through Class of 1887 Gate
go through the List Art Building to Wayland .
avoid the Minden Hall until navigating to the Sharpe Refectory .
navigate directly to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
move to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall and then head to Brown Bear .
start on the Lippit House , go directly to the Van Wickle Gates .
go through the Watson Center for Information Technology to Urban Environmental Lab .
stay on the Barus Building to get to 86 Waterman  .
go to Idee di pietra .
get to Quiet Green , while avoiding Carrie Tower
go to Slavery Memorial
navigate to the Barus Building before going to Urban Environmental Lab .
navigate to the Mencoff Hall before going to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
navigate to Sayles Hall through the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
always avoid University Hall and navigate to the John Carter Brown Library .
avoid the Kassar House until going to the Wriston Quad .
go through Quiet Green to Littlefield Hall .
navigate to the Sayles Hall .
navigate to the Salomon Center for Teaching via the Shirley Miller House .
navigate to Faunce House .
go to the Wayland while staying on the Medical Research Lab .
navigate to the Van Wickle Gates .
navigate to the Lot 76 .
avoid Brown University Sciences Library until you go to Gardner House .
go from the John Nicholas Brown Gate to Marston Hall .
go to William Goddard Memorial Gate through the Slater Hall .
visit Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop but do n't leave the Robinson Gate .
go to the Prince Engineering Lab while avoiding John Carter Brown Library
go to Lyman Hall by going through Circle Dance Sculpture
go to the List Art Building but never go to the Urban Environmental Lab .
go to the Quiet Green without going to the Maxcy Hall
go to the Simmons Quadrangle and avoid Caswell Hall .
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity but avoid the Sharpe Refectory .
go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear avoiding the Lot 76 . only if you reached the Untitled Lamp/Bear then you may proceed to the Lot 76 .
go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop before going to the Soldiers Memorial Gate
always pass through the Sharpe Refectory to get to Hegeman .
avoid the Robinson Gate , navigate to the Slavery Memorial .
go from the Van Wickle Gates to the Norwood House
go to Quiet Green through Hughes Court .
go to Slater Hall and proceed to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to John Carter Brown Library and then the Lot 76
go to the Blue Room through the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to the Lincoln Field Building through Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
avoid Lincoln Field Building until going to the Prospect House .
go to the Horace Mann House and then to Campus Market .
go to the Medical Research Lab while avoiding Caswell Hall
go to the Caswell Hall and avoid the Class of 1887 Gate .
go from the Caswell Hall to the War Memorial
go from the Watson Center for Information Technology to the Maxcy Hall
go to 67 George and then to Kassar House
go to Sharpe Refectory before going to Van Wickle Gates
avoid the Robinson Gate and reach College Green
avoid the Circle Dance Sculpture and go to Rockefeller Library if you reached the Rockefeller Library , you can now go to the Circle Dance Sculpture or stay on Rockefeller Library .
avoid Maxcy Hall and go to the University Hall .
avoid Rhode Island Hall and go to Quiet Green .
avoid Marston Hall on your way to the Walter Hall .
go to Shirley Miller House , then head to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to the War Memorial , then go to the Class of 1872 Gate .
move to the John Carter Brown Library .
navigate to Shirley Miller House then continue to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
always avoid going to Robinson Hall through the 86 Waterman 
always avoid the Marcus Aurelius and go to Urban Environmental Lab .
go to the List Art Building through Brown University
avoid the Gardner House until reaching Brown University .
avoid the Circle Dance Sculpture until going to the Sears .
go to Marcus Aurelius through the Horace Mann House .
avoid Norwood House until you go to Prospect House .
go to the Slavery Memorial via Brown University Sciences Library .
go to the College Green through Hughes Court .
navigate to the Wayland , and then navigate to the Maxcy Hall .
avoid the The Ivy Room until going through Rhode Island Hall .
avoid Gardner House and proceed to Casey Shearer Memorial
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity through Lot 76 .
go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate by avoiding Caswell Hall if you reached the Soldiers Memorial Gate , then you can proceed to Caswell Hall .
go through Morgan Witter Rogers Gate to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to the Wilbour Hall without going to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to the Marston Hall while avoiding the Salomon Center for Teaching
go to Lot 18 through the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to Quiet Green through Brown Bear
go through the Lot 76 and navigate to the Hughes Court .
go to the Marcus Aurelius through the Hegeman
avoid Sears until you go to the Metcalf Research Building .
move to the Watson Center for Information Technology and then the Van Wickle Gates .
first go to College Green , then go to the Lyman Hall .
avoiding the Lot 18 , go to Soldiers Memorial Gate .
avoid Metcalf Research Building and go to Casey Shearer Memorial if you have reached Casey Shearer Memorial then you can go to Metcalf Research Building .
go to the Idee di pietra through the Blue Room
move toward the Metcalf Research Building .
navigate to the Lincoln Field Building .
go to the Simmons Quadrangle without touching Lippit House .
avoid John Hay Library until you go to the Citizen's Bank .
always avoid Lyman Hall and navigate to the Sharpe Refectory .
go to the Wayland while always avoiding Wriston Quad
go from the Marcus Aurelius to Rhode Island Hall
go to Citizen's Bank through the Brown Bear .
go to or through the University Hall while avoiding going through the Littlefield Hall
go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology through the The Ivy Room
go through William Goddard Memorial Gate to the Prospect House .
avoid Carrie Tower until you go to Sharpe Refectory .
go to or through the Lot 17 , but avoid going to the Lot 17 through the 67 George
go to the Hughes Court avoiding John Hay Library if you reached the Hughes Court then you may go to John Hay Library .
go to the Wriston Quad .
go from the Medical Research Lab to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
visit the Urban Environmental Lab and then proceed to the Prince Engineering Lab .
go to Mencoff Hall and then to William Goddard Memorial Gate
avoid the Quiet Green on your way to the Class of 1887 Gate . once you get to the Class of 1887 Gate you can to the Quiet Green .
go to Prince Engineering Lab and avoid 2nd and Maxcy Green
avoid the Wilbour Hall until you navigate to the Slavery Memorial .
go to Marston Hall
go to Class of 1872 Gate .
go to the Swearer Center for Public Service
avoid the Class of 1872 Gate until you go to Idee di pietra
navigate directly to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to the Lyman Hall through the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ
avoid Slater Hall and go to the College Green .
avoid Lot 76 on your way to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
avoid Saint Stephens Church and go to the Prospect House .
go to Lot 17 before going to the Brown University
go to the Campus Market through Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop
go to Carrie Tower without entering the Brown Bear .
go to Gardner House before going to the Robinson Hall
travel through the Metcalf Research Building then go to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
always avoid the List Art Building and travel to Walter Hall .
proceed to William Goddard Memorial Gate without going through the Blue Room .
go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear but do not enter the Sears first .
go through the Marston Hall to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to Urban Environmental Lab while avoiding Sharpe Refectory
move to anywhere on the Class of 1887 Gate , then move to anywhere on the Class of 1872 Gate .
head to the Slavery Memorial but first go to the Metcalf Research Building .
go to Mencoff Hall before going to Lincoln Field Building
go through the Marston Hall to Citizen's Bank .
go to the Shirley Miller House , then head to the Friedman Hall .
go to the Prospect House
go to Quiet Green .
go to the Metcalf Research Building and then to Lippit House .
stay on the Brown Bear and go to John Hay Library .
go to the Slavery Memorial by first going to the 67 George .
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall through Van Wickle Gates .
go to Class of 1872 Gate only through the Idee di pietra
go from Manning to Wriston Quad .
go to Salomon Center for Teaching avoiding the Hughes Court . then go to the Hughes Court or stay on Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to the Hope College .
stay on the Manning while going to the Maddock Alumni  .
move to the Maddock Alumni  by going through the Kassar House
go to Blue Room
head to the P-131317 without going through the Watson Center for Information Technology
avoid the second and Horace Mann House and go to the BERT .
go to John Hay Library
go to the Sayles Hall , avoiding Van Wickle Gates .
remain on the List Art Building and go directly to the John Hay Library .
go to Metcalf Research Building , then go to Citizen's Bank .
move to Manning after moving to the Caswell Hall .
go to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go through the Robinson Gate to the Littlefield Hall .
go to Wilbour Hall through the Rhode Island Hall
go through the Soldiers Memorial Gate , then make your way to Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Lot 76 but avoid the Finlandia .
stay on the Maddock Alumni  while navigating to Citizen's Bank .
avoid 67 George until you go to Rockefeller Library .
head to the Watson Center for Information Technology avoiding Urban Environmental Lab .
go to the Maddock Alumni  .
go to 67 George , then go to P-131317 .
go to the Norwood House avoiding the Van Wickle Gates .
go through Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences to the Marcus Aurelius .
go to Wilbour Hall through the 86 Waterman  .
navigate to the Faunce House and avoid Swearer Center for Public Service .
avoid the Lincoln Field Building and go to John Hay Library .
go to Slater Hall
always avoid the Idee di pietra , go to Faunce House .
go to Brown University Sciences Library only through the Norwood House
always avoid the College Green and go to the Littlefield Hall .
avoid the Circle Dance Sculpture and go to Metcalf Research Building .
go to Robinson Hall .
go to the Lippit House .
avoid the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop until you go to the Sharpe Refectory .
avoid Hegeman , and go to Saint Stephens Church .
go to the Lot 18 while always avoiding Hughes Court
always avoid Shirley Miller House and go to the Brown Bear .
first navigate to the 86 Waterman  , then make your way to the Citizen's Bank .
navigate to the Untitled Lamp/Bear but do not pass through the P-131317 .
go to Circle Dance Sculpture before going to Brown Bear
avoid Lyman Hall and go to Lot 17 .
navigate to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
from the Van Wickle Gates go to Soldiers Memorial Gate .
always avoid Hughes Court and navigate to the Class of 1872 Gate .
go to the Rhode Island Hall then go Lot 18 .
go from William Goddard Memorial Gate to Manning .
move to Brown Bear without entering the Brown Center for Students of Color . then you may stay at Brown Bear or go to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to Salomon Center for Teaching through the War Memorial
avoid P-131317 until you go to Littlefield Hall .
go to the Hegeman through Class of 1887 Gate
go to the Gardner House while avoiding the Starbucks and if you have reached the Gardner House then you can go to the Starbucks .
go to the Van Wickle Gates by first going to the Sharpe Refectory .
go to the Quiet Green .
go to Carrie Tower but remain on the War Memorial .
visit the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ and then proceed to the Sayles Hall .
first go to the Brown Bear and then go to Wayland .
avoid Morgan Witter Rogers Gate until you go to Mencoff Hall .
go to the Barus Building through Marston Hall .
always go through the Arnold Laboratory before going to Wriston Quad .
go to the Idee di pietra .
stay on the Robinson Hall while going to the Wriston Quad .
go to the Maddock Alumni  and then to The Ivy Room .
always avoid going to Van Wickle Gates through the Sears
avoid Slater Hall until going to the Sayles Hall .
go to Manning through the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
first move to Robinson Hall then navigate to the Sharpe Refectory .
avoid Quiet Green and go to Maxcy Green .
go to Soldiers Memorial Gate through the Faunce House
go through Gardner House and navigate to the Quiet Green .
go from Maxcy Green to John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear while avoiding Kassar House .
go to the 86 Waterman  avoiding Van Wickle Gates .
go to the 86 Waterman  through the Starbucks .
go to the Barus Building through the Norwood House
go to the Idee di pietra then go to P-131317 .
go to Blue Room , then go to William Goddard Memorial Gate .
head to the Casey Shearer Memorial avoiding Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
avoid the Shirley Miller House and go to the War Memorial .
go to the BERT before going to the Norwood House .
go to the Horace Mann House through Finlandia .
go through the Gardner House to the Simmons Quadrangle .
avoid Van Wickle Gates until you go to the Maxcy Green .
go to the 67 George through the Metcalf Research Building .
avoid Friedman Hall until after reaching Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go through the Medical Research Lab before going to the Robinson Hall .
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color through Simmons Quadrangle .
go through Class of 1887 Gate before going to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
from the Urban Environmental Lab , navigate to the BERT .
navigate to the P-131317 .
always avoid Rhode Island Hall and go to Prince Engineering Lab .
from the Barus Building , navigate to Norwood House .
go to the Campus Market but never go to the Class of 1872 Gate .
avoid the War Memorial until going to Hughes Court .
avoid the Quiet Green until you go through the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear via the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
move to Wayland and then proceed to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go from the Slater Hall to Brown Bear
go to Citizen's Bank
always avoid going to J.W. Wilson through the Casey Shearer Memorial
go to the Norwood House through the P-131317 .
go through Simmons Quadrangle before going to the Shirley Miller House .
while always avoiding the Urban Environmental Lab , go to Slavery Memorial .
go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology through Caswell Hall .
go to the Rhode Island Hall while staying on the Manning .
avoid Norwood House until you have passed through Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences
go to College Green , avoid the 86 Waterman  until you have been to the College Green
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity through the Idee di pietra
always avoid Van Wickle Gates and go through the Urban Environmental Lab .
avoid the Caswell Hall and go to the Wriston Quad .
go through the Medical Research Lab before navigating to Urban Environmental Lab .
go to Lot 18 via the P-131317 .
avoid the Soldiers Memorial Gate and go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to the Brown University while avoiding Slater Hall
go to the Maddock Alumni  while avoiding Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall through the Rhode Island Hall
avoid Arnold Laboratory until you have passed through Horace Mann House
go to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
navigate through Van Wickle Gates then go to Urban Environmental Lab .
remain on the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop and navigate to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
navigate to the Marcus Aurelius .
go to Wayland through List Art Building
go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate via the Salomon Center for Teaching .
go through the John Hay Library to Rockefeller Library .
go through Metcalf Research Building to Sharpe Refectory .
go through the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority to Brown Bear .
go to the John Hay Library , then go to the Barus Building .
first move to Lot 18 then navigate to the Brown Bear .
go to Class of 1887 Gate through the Brown Bear .
go to the Rockefeller Library through Kassar House
go to or through the War Memorial . always avoid going to the War Memorial through Morgan Witter Rogers Gate
go directly to Wriston Quad .
navigate to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority before going to the Class of 1872 Gate .
go to the University Hall through the Faunce House
move to the Marcus Aurelius without entering the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Marston Hall .
go to Kassar House through the BERT .
go to Maxcy Green
go to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
avoid the Shirley Miller House and go to the J.W. Wilson .
avoid the Wayland until you reach The Ivy Room .
move to the The Ivy Room but go through Faunce House first .
stay on the Citizen's Bank and go to Soldiers Memorial Gate .
navigate to Salomon Center for Teaching then continue to the Urban Environmental Lab .
navigate to the P-131317 and avoid GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
always avoid the Finlandia and go to the Hughes Court .
go through the Friedman Hall to the Marcus Aurelius .
move to the John Nicholas Brown Gate first then travel to Hope College .
go to the Prince Engineering Lab , then go to the Faunce House .
go to Brown University
go through the Brown Bear to Untitled Lamp/Bear .
navigate to the Marston Hall always passing through the University Hall .
go to War Memorial .
go from the Brown Bear to the List Art Building
go to the 86 Waterman  .
go to the Lot 17 through the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
stay on the Arnold Laboratory and go to the Minden Hall .
go through the Finlandia to the Norwood House .
avoid the Friedman Hall until you go to the Wriston Quad .
go to Marcus Aurelius then go to Finlandia .
go to Starbucks before going to List Art Building
from the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate , navigate to the Robinson Hall .
go through the Minden Hall to the Mencoff Hall .
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority and then navigate to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to Class of 1887 Gate through the Hope College .
go to Starbucks
go to a spot in the Finlandia , but do n't touch Blue Room .
go to or through the Lincoln Field Building always avoid going through the BERT
avoid Medical Research Lab and go to the College Green .
avoid Casey Shearer Memorial until after the Shirley Miller House
always navigate to University Hall and then proceed to Hope College .
go to Arnold Laboratory whilst avoiding the Hegeman .
navigate to the Kassar House via the Maxcy Green .
go to the Finlandia
avoid the College Green and go to the Lincoln Field Building .
stay on the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology and go to Friedman Hall .
avoid Maddock Alumni  until after reaching Campus Market .
remain on the John Carter Brown Library and go directly to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to Brown Bear before going to Brown University Sciences Library
go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity before going to Brown Bear .
navigate to the Lincoln Field Building , and then navigate to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
navigate to the BERT but do n't ever go to Slater Hall .
go from the Horace Mann House to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ
always avoid Lot 17 and go to the Prospect House .
go to the Brown University
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology through the Casey Shearer Memorial .
stay on the Mencoff Hall and go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to the Sharpe Refectory and go down to the Brown University .
navigate to the Caswell Hall always passing through the P-131317 .
move to Brown Center for Students of Color but avoid 67 George .
avoid the Circle Dance Sculpture and go to Finlandia .
go to Brown Bear avoiding the Marcus Aurelius . then go to the Marcus Aurelius or stay on Brown Bear .
go to Slater Hall and avoid 2nd and Wriston Quad
go to the Sears while always avoiding Robinson Hall
avoid Lippit House until going to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go through the Idee di pietra to Kassar House .
navigate to Hope College , always avoiding Soldiers Memorial Gate .
visit the Idee di pietra and then move to the John Hay Library .
go through Quiet Green to the Littlefield Hall .
avoid Robinson Gate until going to the Maxcy Hall .
always avoid Robinson Hall while going to Maxcy Green .
stay on the Lot 17 to get to Manning .
stay on the Van Wickle Gates and move to Brown University .
pass through List Art Building before going to the Simmons Quadrangle .
go from the Maddock Alumni  to the Slavery Memorial .
avoid Prospect House and go to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to the Van Wickle Gates .
avoid Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity and go to the Finlandia .
move to the Brown University .
always avoid the The Ivy Room while navigating to Wriston Quad .
head to the Slavery Memorial .
go to or through the Wilbour Hall always avoid going through the Campus Market
go to John Hay Library before going in the 86 Waterman 
go to the Quiet Green always avoiding the Manning .
pass through the Prince Engineering Lab on your way to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to Sears through the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
always avoid going to Wilbour Hall through the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity
go to the Friedman Hall but do not enter the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall first .
pass through the Hughes Court on your way to the Norwood House .
avoid Metcalf Research Building and go to the 86 Waterman  .
avoid the Friedman Hall and the Marcus Aurelius and go to Friedman Hall .
go to Class of 1872 Gate before going to Robinson Gate
go to the Slater Hall .
avoid University Hall until going to the Maxcy Green .
avoid Horace Mann House and go to the Lot 17 .
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ and avoid Littlefield Hall .
go to Finlandia through the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
navigate to the Minden Hall .
go to Marcus Aurelius through the Metcalf Research Building .
go through Starbucks to the Walter Hall .
go to Lot 18
go to Robinson Hall , then up to List Art Building .
go to the Hope College
go to List Art Building
navigate to the The Ivy Room .
avoid the Faunce House and go to Robinson Hall
go to the Kassar House while avoiding the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences
navigate to John Carter Brown Library .
always go through the Wayland and then to John Hay Library .
go to the College Green , then go to John Hay Library .
navigate to the Walter Hall always avoiding the Brown University Sciences Library .
go to the War Memorial through the Hughes Court
go to the John Hay Library while avoiding Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to the J.W. Wilson .
go to Lippit House through the Wriston Quad
go through Brown University before going to the Mencoff Hall .
go to the Slater Hall through Lyman Hall
head to the Lot 17 and then head to the John Hay Library .
go through the Maxcy Green to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop
navigate to the Friedman Hall while avoiding Lot 76 .
go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority always avoiding the Class of 1872 Gate .
go through the War Memorial to the Wayland .
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color whilst avoiding the Class of 1872 Gate .
go directly to Quiet Green .
always avoid Circle Dance Sculpture while going to Van Wickle Gates .
navigate through John Hay Library to the Quiet Green .
do not go to Prospect House until going to Littlefield Hall
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ through the Prince Engineering Lab
go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate through the Norwood House
always avoid the Slater Hall , go to the Robinson Hall .
avoid Morgan Witter Rogers Gate until you go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
avoid going through Brown Bear until you go through the Maddock Alumni  .
avoid the Marcus Aurelius , navigate to the Slavery Memorial .
go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate before going to Idee di pietra .
go to Friedman Hall and always avoid the John Hay Library
go through the Brown University to John Carter Brown Library .
go to the Saint Stephens Church through the Marcus Aurelius
avoid the Sayles Hall and go to Van Wickle Gates .
avoid the Urban Environmental Lab until you go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ , then go to the Sayles Hall
always go to BERT before Barus Building .
go to Arnold Laboratory while avoiding going through any other objects
go to Van Wickle Gates through Caswell Hall .
go to the Campus Market .
avoid Faunce House and go to the Maxcy Hall .
go to Manning through the Lippit House
first go to the Metcalf Research Building and then go to Hope College .
move to the Sayles Hall but ensure to go to the Barus Building first .
go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate while always avoiding the Wriston Quad
robot , go to the Class of 1887 Gate .
avoid the Faunce House until going to the Minden Hall .
avoid the second and Maddock Alumni  and go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
avoid Brown University until going to the Wayland .
go to the Maxcy Hall then the Arnold Laboratory .
head to the Brown Bear without going through the William Goddard Memorial Gate
go through Swearer Center for Public Service before going to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
navigate to the Lyman Hall while avoiding War Memorial .
navigate to the Hughes Court while avoiding the Manning .
avoid the Rhode Island Hall and go to Blue Room .
avoid the Idee di pietra until navigating to the Robinson Hall .
go through the Walter Hall to the Kassar House .
avoid Brown Center for Students of Color and go to the J.W. Wilson .
go through Campus Market to Wayland .
go to the Citizen's Bank then go to the Prince Engineering Lab
go to the Lot 76 through the Arnold Laboratory
go to the Slater Hall through the Starbucks .
go to Untitled Lamp/Bear
go to the Lyman Hall avoiding Maxcy Green if you reached the Lyman Hall then you may go to Maxcy Green .
avoid the Horace Mann House until you go through the Friedman Hall .
move to the University Hall , travelling through J.W. Wilson .
avoid Prospect House until after you go to Van Wickle Gates .
avoid the Carrie Tower until going to the List Art Building .
go to the Wayland avoiding the 67 George .
pass through Citizen's Bank on your way to the Saint Stephens Church .
go to the Sharpe Refectory avoiding Lot 17 .
go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall
go to the Lot 18 but never go to the Starbucks .
go to anywhere on the Brown Bear .
go to the Metcalf Research Building , and then go to the Rhode Island Hall .
avoid the Lippit House until reaching the Wriston Quad .
go to Idee di pietra , but do not go to Van Wickle Gates .
navigate to the Lippit House but never go to the BERT .
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity without going to the War Memorial .
go to the Simmons Quadrangle then go Caswell Hall .
go to Starbucks while avoiding the Hope College .
avoid the Barus Building and go to the College Green .
move to the Lyman Hall avoiding Littlefield Hall if you got to the Lyman Hall then you can continue to Littlefield Hall .
go to Untitled Lamp/Bear only through the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity , then go to the Urban Environmental Lab .
always avoid the Lippit House and go to the Medical Research Lab .
go to Untitled Lamp/Bear while avoiding Class of 1887 Gate
go to or through the John Nicholas Brown Gate always avoid going to the John Nicholas Brown Gate through Prince Engineering Lab
go through the Caswell Hall then to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
avoid P-131317 and go to the Hegeman .
go to the Carrie Tower through the Metcalf Research Building
avoid Brown Center for Students of Color and go to Rhode Island Hall if you have reached Rhode Island Hall then you can go to Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to the Van Wickle Gates .
move to the Swearer Center for Public Service without leaving the Lot 18 .
avoid John Carter Brown Library until you go to the Lippit House .
go to the Friedman Hall only through the John Nicholas Brown Gate
avoid going through Blue Room until you go through the Carrie Tower .
avoid the Circle Dance Sculpture until you go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
avoid Horace Mann House until going to the Walter Hall .
go to the Saint Stephens Church through the War Memorial
go to Sayles Hall , then go to Wriston Quad
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall and then to Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to the Lippit House before going to Carrie Tower .
go to the John Hay Library by first going to the 67 George .
first move to Starbucks then navigate to the Prospect House .
go to the Hughes Court before going to Rhode Island Hall
navigate directly to Lincoln Field Building .
avoid the BERT and go to the Class of 1887 Gate .
avoid Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop and proceed to Wayland
go from the John Hay Library to List Art Building
navigate to the 86 Waterman  while avoiding BERT .
go to a spot in the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology , but do n't touch Finlandia .
always avoid Soldiers Memorial Gate and go to the Quiet Green .
go through the John Hay Library then to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to Minden Hall .
go to the Saint Stephens Church while avoiding Walter Hall
get to John Carter Brown Library , while avoiding Carrie Tower
go to the Robinson Gate or the Lincoln Field Building only .
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate without going through the Swearer Center for Public Service . if you reached the William Goddard Memorial Gate then you can go to the Swearer Center for Public Service , or be done .
go through the Saint Stephens Church to Friedman Hall .
go through Marcus Aurelius and then to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
avoid the second and Class of 1872 Gate and go to the John Hay Library .
avoid the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity and go to the Metcalf Research Building .
go to Circle Dance Sculpture and then to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate
do not go into the Friedman Hall until going to Brown Bear
go to the John Hay Library always avoiding the Class of 1887 Gate .
go to the Simmons Quadrangle through Marcus Aurelius .
move to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to Shirley Miller House without going into the Hughes Court
from the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall , navigate to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go through the Watson Center for Information Technology to the Gardner House .
go to the Van Wickle Gates then go to The Ivy Room
go to the Shirley Miller House then move to the Quiet Green .
go to the Faunce House through the Brown Center for Students of Color
go to John Hay Library and then to The Ivy Room
avoid the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences and go to the Brown Bear .
go through The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ to the Wriston Quad .
go to Maddock Alumni  without going into the Brown Center for Students of Color
move to Maxcy Green , but travel to the Wilbour Hall first .
always avoid Sharpe Refectory and navigate to the Simmons Quadrangle .
navigate to the Van Wickle Gates , always avoiding the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Littlefield Hall and then navigate to the Lot 17 .
go to the Carrie Tower avoiding the Horace Mann House . if you get to Carrie Tower you can then proceed to the Horace Mann House
go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences , then go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
always avoid the Carrie Tower and go to the Prince Engineering Lab .
go to Wilbour Hall from the Class of 1887 Gate only .
move to the Lyman Hall while avoiding the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to the Lot 17 before you go to Carrie Tower .
go to the Carrie Tower without going to the Maxcy Hall .
always go through the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology before going to Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to the Friedman Hall by first going through Lot 76 .
go through John Hay Library before going to the Campus Market .
navigate through Brown Center for Students of Color to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
always go through the Mencoff Hall and then to John Hay Library .
go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority , avoiding the Norwood House
go through the Class of 1887 Gate to War Memorial .
go to Horace Mann House while always avoiding the J.W. Wilson
navigate through Prospect House to the Maxcy Green .
go to Hope College through the Sharpe Refectory
go through the Brown Center for Students of Color to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
move toward the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to or through the Hughes Court always avoid going through the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology
go to the Marcus Aurelius before going to Lyman Hall
go to BERT through the Campus Market .
go to Lippit House through the Shirley Miller House .
go through the Rhode Island Hall to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to the Lot 17
go to the John Hay Library .
go to Minden Hall before going to William Goddard Memorial Gate
avoid the Minden Hall
navigate to the Class of 1872 Gate .
avoid the Class of 1887 Gate and go to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
move to the Urban Environmental Lab avoiding Littlefield Hall if you got to the Urban Environmental Lab then you can continue to Littlefield Hall .
first go to to Hegeman then go to the Blue Room .
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity whilst avoiding the Slavery Memorial .
approach the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology while avoiding the Lippit House .
always pass John Hay Library before Lincoln Field Building .
go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority
go through the Class of 1872 Gate to Walter Hall .
go to Campus Market
avoid the Wilbour Hall and go to the College Green .
go to the Lippit House by avoiding John Carter Brown Library and then stay in the Lippit House or continue to John Carter Brown Library
always avoid College Green and go to the Hughes Court .
go to the Maddock Alumni  .
go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate
go from the Marston Hall to War Memorial
always avoid going through Prince Engineering Lab
go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate through John Carter Brown Library .
go to the Maxcy Green before going to Citizen's Bank .
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology avoiding the Lippit House . if you get to Watson Center for Information Technology you can then proceed to the Lippit House
go to Slavery Memorial but remain on the Maxcy Green .
go through the Norwood House to Sears .
always navigate to Medical Research Lab and then proceed to Maxcy Green .
go from the Finlandia to the 67 George
go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate by first visiting Hope College .
go to the Wriston Quad
avoid the Idee di pietra until going to the John Hay Library .
proceed to the The Ivy Room .
move to the BERT without entering the Starbucks .
go to the Lot 18 and then head to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
avoid the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall and go to Soldiers Memorial Gate
go through the Van Wickle Gates first , then go to the Norwood House .
avoid Prospect House and go to Norwood House .
go to Medical Research Lab before going to Lot 17 .
go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology and avoid BERT .
always avoid the Minden Hall and go to the Arnold Laboratory .
go through Soldiers Memorial Gate before going to the Finlandia .
go to the Marston Hall but avoid Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to War Memorial only through the Casey Shearer Memorial
avoid Robinson Hall while traveling to Metcalf Research Building .
avoid Swearer Center for Public Service until after the Brown Bear
navigate to the Prospect House always avoiding the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go from the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ
go through the Sears to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
always avoid Van Wickle Gates and navigate to the Gardner House .
go to the Maxcy Green but avoid Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Manning through the Hope College .
go to the Friedman Hall , then go to the Slavery Memorial .
avoid the P-131317 until you go to the Finlandia .
always avoid John Carter Brown Library and navigate to the Slater Hall .
go to the Hegeman but never go to the Walter Hall .
go through Class of 1887 Gate before going to the Saint Stephens Church .
move to the Shirley Miller House then continue to the University Hall .
avoid the Watson Center for Information Technology until going to the Brown Bear .
go to or through the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ always avoid going through the Hughes Court
go to Slater Hall .
avoid the Prospect House until you go to the The Ivy Room .
while avoiding the Marston Hall , navigate to Horace Mann House .
go to the Sharpe Refectory and avoid the Faunce House .
avoid the Manning until going to the Hughes Court .
go through the Rockefeller Library to Minden Hall .
go to the Robinson Gate avoiding Van Wickle Gates if you reached the Robinson Gate then you may go to Van Wickle Gates .
go to Metcalf Research Building before going to Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Barus Building .
avoid the Mencoff Hall and go to Starbucks .
avoid the Van Wickle Gates until you navigate to the 67 George .
go through the Marcus Aurelius , then make your way to Soldiers Memorial Gate .
avoid the Horace Mann House until going to the Lot 17 .
go to the War Memorial .
navigate to the Gardner House after going to the Van Wickle Gates .
go through the Sayles Hall first , then go to the Marcus Aurelius .
go through Lot 17 to the Maxcy Green .
go through the Brown Center for Students of Color to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to the Sears but do not go to Idee di pietra .
go to the Maxcy Hall but never go to the Slater Hall .
go to Slavery Memorial but do not first pass through Salomon Center for Teaching .
navigate to the Lot 76 .
go to the J.W. Wilson before going to the Wayland
go to Maxcy Hall only through the Van Wickle Gates
go to the Lot 18 but do not go through the Urban Environmental Lab first .
navigate to the Brown University before going to the Maddock Alumni  .
go to the Sharpe Refectory before going to Wriston Quad .
navigate to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop and avoid Walter Hall .
go to the Gardner House and then to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
always pass Swearer Center for Public Service to get to level 1 .
always pass through the Class of 1872 Gate to get to Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to Slater Hall .
get to John Hay Library , while avoiding Maxcy Green
go to Van Wickle Gates before navigating to the List Art Building .
go to Citizen's Bank while avoiding going through any other objects
go through Maddock Alumni  to the Lyman Hall .
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate through the Manning .
go to the Carrie Tower through the P-131317
go to the Barus Building through Rockefeller Library
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ while always avoiding Wriston Quad
always avoid the Finlandia and go to the BERT .
avoid the second and Lippit House and go to the Brown Bear .
move to the Wilbour Hall by going through the Saint Stephens Church
go to the Campus Market through the Salomon Center for Teaching
go to P-131317
go to the Van Wickle Gates , then go to the Lippit House .
while avoiding the Robinson Hall , navigate to Littlefield Hall .
go to Shirley Miller House and then go to the Friedman Hall .
go to Medical Research Lab whilst avoiding the Starbucks .
go to Kassar House but do not first pass through Carrie Tower .
go to John Nicholas Brown Gate while avoiding going through any other objects
go to the Barus Building
go to the College Green through the Finlandia .
go to John Carter Brown Library . then go directly to Hegeman
always avoid going through Carrie Tower
avoid Metcalf Research Building and move into the Brown University Sciences Library .
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color , and then go to the John Hay Library .
avoid the John Hay Library until going to the Blue Room .
avoid Slater Hall while traveling to Littlefield Hall .
go to the Manning and then to the P-131317 .
move to Friedman Hall , but go through the Medical Research Lab first .
go to or through the Quiet Green always avoid going to the Quiet Green through the Sharpe Refectory
navigate to War Memorial .
go to Slater Hall , then go to John Hay Library .
navigate to the Brown University but never go to the Lincoln Field Building .
visit Campus Market but do n't leave the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to Wilbour Hall
go to List Art Building through Hegeman .
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology through the Maxcy Hall .
avoid Faunce House while traveling to Walter Hall .
go to the Lippit House without going through the BERT .
avoid the John Nicholas Brown Gate and the Prospect House and go to John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to or through the Salomon Center for Teaching always avoid going to the Salomon Center for Teaching through the Horace Mann House
go to Van Wickle Gates through the Wilbour Hall .
move to the Urban Environmental Lab first then travel to P-131317 .
go to Lot 17 through the Starbucks
go through the Robinson Hall to the War Memorial .
head to the J.W. Wilson avoiding John Hay Library .
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority , then go to Metcalf Research Building .
move to the Lippit House .
go to the Caswell Hall before going to Class of 1887 Gate
avoid the Swearer Center for Public Service and go to the Sears .
avoid Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity until you go to Slavery Memorial .
avoid Untitled Lamp/Bear until you go to the BERT .
avoid the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority until going to the Maxcy Green .
avoid the Wriston Quad until you go to the Lot 18 .
avoid the Shirley Miller House until you navigate to the Marston Hall .
go through the 67 George to Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to John Hay Library , avoid the Brown Bear until you have been to the John Hay Library
go to the Littlefield Hall , then go to Kassar House .
go to Circle Dance Sculpture , then go to Wilbour Hall
navigate to the Finlandia after going to the Brown University .
always avoid the Lyman Hall while navigating to Finlandia .
pass through the 86 Waterman  on your way to the Faunce House .
always avoid Simmons Quadrangle and go to the Manning .
got to Brown Bear through the J.W. Wilson .
avoid Marcus Aurelius while going to the Carrie Tower .
go to the Manning avoiding Class of 1872 Gate if you reached the Manning then you may go to Class of 1872 Gate .
while avoiding the Metcalf Research Building , navigate to Casey Shearer Memorial .
always avoid Lot 18 and go to Lyman Hall .
go to Class of 1872 Gate through Faunce House .
avoid the John Carter Brown Library and go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
avoid the Prince Engineering Lab and the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology and go to Prince Engineering Lab .
from the List Art Building , navigate to the Quiet Green .
go to John Hay Library always avoiding the Casey Shearer Memorial .
move to Sharpe Refectory , but travel to the Van Wickle Gates first .
first go to the Simmons Quadrangle and then go to Manning .
go to the Manning .
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop , and then go to the Norwood House .
head to the Friedman Hall avoiding Medical Research Lab .
go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
navigate to the 67 George .
go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go through the Hope College to the Sears .
go to or through the Kassar House while avoiding going through the Class of 1872 Gate
avoid the Faunce House until you navigate to the John Hay Library .
go through the Hegeman to Marcus Aurelius .
advance to Blue Room but always avoid the Simmons Quadrangle .
avoid the Salomon Center for Teaching on the way to Marcus Aurelius .
go to Metcalf Research Building without going to Maxcy Hall
go to Idee di pietra only through the Littlefield Hall
go to or through the Mencoff Hall always avoid going through the Campus Market
avoid Watson Center for Information Technology until you go to the Medical Research Lab .
avoid the Metcalf Research Building and go to the Walter Hall .
avoid the Norwood House and travel to the Brown University .
always avoid going through the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority to the Faunce House
go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology by first going through the Rhode Island Hall .
go through Maxcy Green to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go through the Marcus Aurelius then to the Finlandia .
always avoid the Brown Bear and go to Finlandia .
go to Untitled Lamp/Bear by first visiting the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
navigate to the Sears .
avoid the Marcus Aurelius and navigate to the Lot 18 .
go to the J.W. Wilson .
move to Citizen's Bank , but travel to the John Hay Library first .
go to the Barus Building while avoiding the Saint Stephens Church and if you have reached the Barus Building then you can go to the Saint Stephens Church .
go to the Citizen's Bank while avoiding the Soldiers Memorial Gate and if you have reached the Citizen's Bank then you can go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to Sears before going to Lincoln Field Building .
visit Gardner House but do n't leave the Prospect House .
always avoid the John Hay Library while navigating to the Lincoln Field Building .
navigate to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to the The Ivy Room
go from the Shirley Miller House to the Urban Environmental Lab
go to John Nicholas Brown Gate by first visiting the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear while avoiding Kassar House and the Kassar House
always avoid going through the Maddock Alumni  to the Sayles Hall
always go through the Soldiers Memorial Gate and then to Kassar House .
navigate to the Idee di pietra but do n't ever go to Hughes Court .
avoid the Shirley Miller House and reach Sayles Hall
navigate to the Carrie Tower then continue to Marston Hall .
robot , go to the Barus Building .
avoid the first and Quiet Green and go to War Memorial .
go to Quiet Green by first visiting the John Hay Library .
go to or through Minden Hall avoiding going through War Memorial
go to Maddock Alumni  through the Kassar House .
avoid the Lot 17 and go to the Starbucks . if you reached the Starbucks then you may go to the Lot 17 , or just stay on the Starbucks .
go to the Sayles Hall without going to Sayles Hall .
go through the Metcalf Research Building before going to the Maddock Alumni  .
go to Walter Hall through the Urban Environmental Lab .
go to Quiet Green by first going to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to Quiet Green but avoid Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
navigate to the BERT through the Prospect House .
go through BERT to the Class of 1887 Gate .
get to Sayles Hall , while avoiding BERT
go through Lyman Hall to the The Ivy Room .
avoid the Prospect House until you enter the College Green .
avoid the Rhode Island Hall and go to the Campus Market .
avoid Untitled Lamp/Bear and go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to Lyman Hall and then to Horace Mann House
go to Lot 76
go through Campus Market to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
navigate to the Marcus Aurelius .
without stepping in the Slater Hall , go to The Ivy Room .
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color avoiding The Ivy Room .
go through Arnold Laboratory to the Class of 1872 Gate .
go to Walter Hall
avoid the Brown University and go to the Brown Bear .
go to the Quiet Green then the Barus Building .
always avoid John Nicholas Brown Gate and navigate to the Faunce House .
go to John Nicholas Brown Gate from the Finlandia only .
move to the Mencoff Hall but ensure to go to the Lippit House first .
avoid Brown University and go to the Robinson Gate .
always avoid going to 67 George through the John Carter Brown Library
go to the Arnold Laboratory , avoiding Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
avoid Robinson Hall while going to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
navigate to the Faunce House after going to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to the Faunce House while avoiding the Lyman Hall .
avoid the Lot 17 until going to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
navigate to the Sharpe Refectory .
avoid the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences and go to the Rockefeller Library .
go to Barus Building and then to Saint Stephens Church
go through Lippit House to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to the Gardner House
go to the War Memorial while avoiding Untitled Lamp/Bear
go to J.W. Wilson after navigating to the Simmons Quadrangle .
avoid the Rhode Island Hall and go to the Mencoff Hall .
go to the Caswell Hall without going to the Friedman Hall .
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color through Norwood House
go to Marston Hall while avoiding Kassar House
navigate to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop through the Marcus Aurelius .
go to the List Art Building after going to the Prospect House .
go to Starbucks via the Wilbour Hall .
always avoid the Sears and go to the Lot 18 .
go to Lippit House and proceed to J.W. Wilson .
go to the John Hay Library through Brown Bear .
go to Friedman Hall .
go to the Rockefeller Library while always avoiding the Rhode Island Hall
go from College Green to Quiet Green .
go to Starbucks
go to the Lot 18 always avoiding the Faunce House .
avoid the first and Wayland and go to Lot 76 .
go to Blue Room
go to the John Carter Brown Library avoiding Kassar House .
go to the Wriston Quad before going to Slavery Memorial
go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall through Medical Research Lab .
go to the Sayles Hall avoiding Walter Hall if you reached the Sayles Hall then you may go to Walter Hall .
go to Salomon Center for Teaching without entering the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to Van Wickle Gates then go to Van Wickle Gates .
go through the Brown University Sciences Library to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
avoid The Ivy Room until going to the List Art Building .
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching and avoid the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to 86 Waterman  through the Brown University .
navigate to the Wilbour Hall .
go through the Brown Bear , then make your way to Saint Stephens Church .
go to Campus Market through the Friedman Hall .
navigate to the Van Wickle Gates .
avoid Shirley Miller House until going to Brown Bear .
go through the Norwood House to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color avoiding the Lot 17 .
always go through the Marcus Aurelius and then to Manning .
go to or through the Rhode Island Hall , but avoid going to the Rhode Island Hall through the Marston Hall
go to Wriston Quad .
go to Brown University Sciences Library without entering the Lincoln Field Building .
go to the Kassar House and then go directly to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
avoid Minden Hall until you go to the Caswell Hall .
navigate to the Brown Bear but do n't ever go to Kassar House .
avoid Swearer Center for Public Service and go to Barus Building .
always go from the Lot 18 to the 86 Waterman  .
go to the John Carter Brown Library through the Brown Center for Students of Color .
got to Slavery Memorial through the Manning .
go to the Blue Room without ever leaving the Marston Hall .
stay away from the Lippit House and go to Van Wickle Gates .
go to P-131317 .
avoid Untitled Lamp/Bear and go to Wilbour Hall if you reached Wilbour Hall then you can go to Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to Robinson Hall through the John Hay Library .
avoid the Metcalf Research Building until passing Starbucks .
avoid Shirley Miller House while going to the Medical Research Lab .
avoid the Norwood House until after navigating to the Carrie Tower .
pass through the Brown University Sciences Library before going to the Marston Hall .
avoid Prospect House until going to Sharpe Refectory .
navigate to the Shirley Miller House .
avoid the Rockefeller Library and navigate to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear without going to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity . if you reached the Untitled Lamp/Bear , now you can go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to the Maddock Alumni  through the Robinson Hall .
avoid the Friedman Hall until going to Idee di pietra .
go to Carrie Tower .
avoid the Hegeman while going to the Class of 1887 Gate .
go to the Simmons Quadrangle , then navigate to the BERT .
go through the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology to Robinson Gate .
go to the Wriston Quad through the Marcus Aurelius .
go to Littlefield Hall through John Hay Library .
go to Swearer Center for Public Service after navigating to the Faunce House .
go to the Maxcy Green through the Finlandia
remain on the Sayles Hall and go directly to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to the Maxcy Hall and go down to the Lot 76 .
go to Casey Shearer Memorial through John Carter Brown Library .
proceed to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to the Prospect House through the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to the Urban Environmental Lab before going to the Brown Center for Students of Color
go to the Wriston Quad while avoiding Carrie Tower .
go to The Ivy Room without entering the Citizen's Bank .
go to the Lyman Hall through the Wriston Quad .
avoid the Wayland before you navigate to the Brown University .
avoid Brown Bear and go to Citizen's Bank .
go to Maddock Alumni  through the Citizen's Bank
avoid the BERT until Brown University .
avoid Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop and go to Lincoln Field Building .
go to the Manning
avoid the Hegeman until going to the Slater Hall .
go to Circle Dance Sculpture through the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to Sharpe Refectory through the BERT .
go to Littlefield Hall via the BERT .
go to Blue Room and avoid the Caswell Hall .
move to the Quiet Green but ensure to go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity first .
go to the Wilbour Hall and then to Shirley Miller House .
go up to the BERT without going to Caswell Hall .
go to the University Hall and avoid the Prince Engineering Lab .
go to The Ivy Room
go to Carrie Tower but do not first pass through Brown Bear .
avoid the Van Wickle Gates , navigate to the BERT .
navigate to the Wilbour Hall .
navigate through Lyman Hall to the List Art Building .
navigate to the Medical Research Lab then continue to Lyman Hall .
avoid the second and Gardner House and go to the Caswell Hall .
go through Hope College to the Friedman Hall .
go through Wriston Quad before going to the Hope College .
go to the Horace Mann House while avoiding Barus Building .
go to the Robinson Gate through Maxcy Green
go to the The Ivy Room avoiding Caswell Hall .
go to the Kassar House through Barus Building .
go through the Slavery Memorial to Littlefield Hall .
go to the War Memorial before going to Hegeman .
go to the Lot 76 through Brown University .
go to Class of 1872 Gate through the Lot 76
move to the John Hay Library avoiding John Hay Library if you got to the John Hay Library then you can continue to John Hay Library .
go to the Slater Hall then go to Brown Center for Students of Color
avoid Maxcy Hall and go to Untitled Lamp/Bear if you have reached Untitled Lamp/Bear then you can go to Maxcy Hall .
proceed to the Medical Research Lab by going through the Marcus Aurelius .
go to or through Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences avoiding going through Caswell Hall
go to Blue Room whilst avoiding the Walter Hall .
go to the Minden Hall through Idee di pietra
go to the Marston Hall through the Circle Dance Sculpture .
navigate to the 86 Waterman  .
go through Alpha Chi Omega Sorority to the Class of 1887 Gate .
go to the Citizen's Bank but avoid the J.W. Wilson .
go to the Class of 1872 Gate through Starbucks .
go to the Casey Shearer Memorial through Slater Hall
avoid Alpha Chi Omega Sorority and go to Casey Shearer Memorial .
avoid the Prince Engineering Lab on your way to the Wriston Quad . once you get to the Wriston Quad you can to the Prince Engineering Lab .
go to the Lyman Hall or the Littlefield Hall only .
go to Horace Mann House before going in the Lot 76 .
avoid Walter Hall and go to William Goddard Memorial Gate .
avoid the Blue Room and go to the Lyman Hall .
go to the Maddock Alumni  via Finlandia .
go to Maddock Alumni  through Maxcy Green .
navigate to Rhode Island Hall , always avoiding Maddock Alumni  .
go through Medical Research Lab to Hope College .
go through the The Ivy Room and navigate to the Van Wickle Gates .
head to the Circle Dance Sculpture avoiding Starbucks .
always avoid the Walter Hall to navigate to Norwood House .
always go through the Caswell Hall before going to Van Wickle Gates .
go to Gardner House and then to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority
go to the Starbucks or the Lippit House only .
move to the War Memorial .
avoid Carrie Tower until you go to Campus Market .
go to Wriston Quad .
go to Hegeman via the Class of 1887 Gate .
move to the Lincoln Field Building .
go to the Brown Bear through the Finlandia .
move to the 67 George without leaving the Prospect House .
go to the Medical Research Lab before going to the Wilbour Hall
go to Citizen's Bank .
avoid the Watson Center for Information Technology and travel to the Metcalf Research Building .
go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop and proceed to Minden Hall .
navigate to Watson Center for Information Technology .
first move to Blue Room then navigate to the Sears .
pass through Friedman Hall before going to the Hughes Court .
move to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
always avoid Sears and go through the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
navigate to the Wriston Quad through the John Hay Library .
avoid Circle Dance Sculpture on your way to the Hope College .
go to the Norwood House through the Urban Environmental Lab
go through the Citizen's Bank to the Metcalf Research Building .
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
always avoid Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology and go to Saint Stephens Church
navigate to the Caswell Hall .
avoid the Maxcy Green and go to Soldiers Memorial Gate if you reached the Soldiers Memorial Gate , you can now go to the Maxcy Green or stay on Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to Finlandia through the University Hall .
go through Campus Market before going to the Littlefield Hall .
avoid the Soldiers Memorial Gate and go to the Van Wickle Gates .
stay on the Lyman Hall and go to Quiet Green .
avoid the Prospect House and go to Van Wickle Gates .
always go through the Lippit House to get to the Starbucks .
go to the BERT through Simmons Quadrangle
go through the Lyman Hall before going to Quiet Green
go to Citizen's Bank through the P-131317 .
go to Prince Engineering Lab avoiding the Arnold Laboratory . then go to the Arnold Laboratory or stay on Prince Engineering Lab .
go through Marston Hall to the War Memorial .
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall without going to the Citizen's Bank .
avoid John Hay Library and go to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
avoid Maxcy Green until going to Sears .
avoid the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology until you navigate to the Sharpe Refectory .
go to Maxcy Green and proceed to Norwood House .
go to the Friedman Hall then go to Hughes Court .
avoid John Nicholas Brown Gate until you go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to Sears , before going to Van Wickle Gates .
avoid the Hope College until you go to the BERT .
go to War Memorial via the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to the Manning
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching but avoid List Art Building .
go to Maxcy Hall
go to Wriston Quad avoiding the Manning . then go to the Manning or stay on Wriston Quad .
robot , go to the Lyman Hall .
go to the Wayland before going to the John Hay Library .
go to Hope College via the Citizen's Bank .
go to the Hughes Court .
go to Hughes Court .
go to the P-131317 before going to Medical Research Lab .
go to the Faunce House and then navigate to the Lot 76 .
avoid the Manning until you go to the List Art Building .
go through the Finlandia before going to the Manning .
go to Maxcy Green
navigate through Robinson Hall then go to Lot 76 .
avoid the John Hay Library until going to the Starbucks .
go through the Brown Bear to the Robinson Gate .
always go to College Green before Slater Hall .
move to anywhere on the Mencoff Hall , then move to anywhere on the War Memorial .
move to the College Green .
go to the Maddock Alumni  before going to the Circle Dance Sculpture
go to the Faunce House through the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
travel to the Prospect House and then go to John Hay Library .
avoid the first and John Nicholas Brown Gate and go to William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to the Saint Stephens Church through the P-131317 .
avoid John Nicholas Brown Gate and go to Mencoff Hall if you have reached Mencoff Hall then you can go to John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to Simmons Quadrangle .
navigate to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ through the Campus Market
go to Campus Market through the Brown University .
navigate to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go through College Green on your way to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
avoid The Ivy Room until you navigate to Lot 17 .
always avoid Soldiers Memorial Gate and go through the Lippit House .
avoid the Maxcy Hall and go to the Lippit House .
move to anywhere on the John Nicholas Brown Gate , then move to anywhere on the Lyman Hall .
avoid the Walter Hall until you go through the The Ivy Room .
go to Salomon Center for Teaching , then go to Lot 76 .
go to the J.W. Wilson , then go to the War Memorial .
go to War Memorial but always stay away from Untitled Lamp/Bear .
always avoid Prospect House , and navigate to Finlandia .
move to Sears , but go through the John Hay Library first .
stay away from the Friedman Hall and go to Brown Bear .
move to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology and then proceed to the Brown University .
go to or through the Class of 1887 Gate while avoiding going through the Maxcy Hall
avoid the Circle Dance Sculpture until you enter the Sharpe Refectory .
go to the Hegeman and avoid the Rhode Island Hall .
go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology , then head to the Sharpe Refectory .
go to the Sayles Hall whilst avoiding the Marston Hall .
go to Salomon Center for Teaching then BERT .
go to the Carrie Tower .
go to the John Hay Library avoiding the The Ivy Room . only if you reached the John Hay Library then you may proceed to the The Ivy Room .
navigate to Carrie Tower through the Sharpe Refectory .
always avoid going to Caswell Hall through the Sharpe Refectory
go to the Kassar House through Walter Hall
go to Class of 1872 Gate .
go from Gardner House to Medical Research Lab .
go to Wriston Quad .
go to Wayland
start on the Robinson Gate and move directly to Hope College .
go to the Carrie Tower
always avoid going to P-131317 through the Littlefield Hall
avoid Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity and go to the Slater Hall .
go through the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to Van Wickle Gates without entering the Idee di pietra .
go to or through the List Art Building always avoid going through the Carrie Tower
avoid the Sayles Hall until you go to Brown Bear .
go to The Ivy Room via the Lincoln Field Building .
navigate to the J.W. Wilson .
go to the Lot 18 by going through John Hay Library .
travel through the Brown University Sciences Library then go to the Marcus Aurelius .
navigate to the Norwood House and avoid Quiet Green .
go to the Hope College through the College Green
go to the Norwood House without going to the Kassar House . if you reached the Norwood House , now you can go to the Kassar House .
go through Caswell Hall before going to the John Hay Library .
go to the John Hay Library through the Maxcy Green .
go to the Robinson Hall , then navigate to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to the Wilbour Hall without touching Van Wickle Gates .
go to Carrie Tower .
go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate , then go to Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology by first going through the Marcus Aurelius .
pass through the Manning before going to the Hope College .
go to the Robinson Gate by first going through the Class of 1872 Gate .
go to the Lot 18 .
go to the Hegeman through College Green .
go to the Lot 76 , then go to the College Green .
go to the Maxcy Hall through the Slavery Memorial .
remain on the Metcalf Research Building and navigate to the John Hay Library .
move to Carrie Tower but avoid Urban Environmental Lab .
head to the 67 George without going through the Urban Environmental Lab
go to Salomon Center for Teaching after going to Shirley Miller House .
avoid J.W. Wilson and go to Saint Stephens Church if you have reached Saint Stephens Church then you can go to J.W. Wilson .
go through Urban Environmental Lab to Sayles Hall .
go to the Brown Bear but do not go to Hegeman .
go through the John Nicholas Brown Gate to Urban Environmental Lab .
avoid Caswell Hall and go to Robinson Hall .
go to Maxcy Hall .
first go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear and then go to Maddock Alumni  .
navigate from the Littlefield Hall to the Prince Engineering Lab .
navigate to Untitled Lamp/Bear through the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to the Class of 1887 Gate by avoiding Maxcy Hall and then stay in the Class of 1887 Gate or continue to Maxcy Hall
avoid Lot 17 until after you go to 86 Waterman  .
go to Maddock Alumni  through the Prince Engineering Lab .
stay away from the Metcalf Research Building and go to Maxcy Green .
from the Walter Hall go to Kassar House .
avoid the Manning
avoid Hegeman and go to Slater Hall .
go to the Brown University without going to 86 Waterman  .
go to Lot 18 by first visiting the Quiet Green .
go to Slater Hall
avoid Slavery Memorial and go to the Sharpe Refectory .
go to Prospect House passing through the Robinson Hall .
go to the Class of 1872 Gate , then go to Metcalf Research Building .
avoid the Mencoff Hall and go to the Wayland .
go to the Van Wickle Gates while avoiding Marcus Aurelius
always avoid The Ivy Room and go to Wriston Quad
always avoid the Sears and go to Wilbour Hall .
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology avoiding the Starbucks .
navigate to Swearer Center for Public Service .
head to the The Ivy Room , but make sure to go through the Prospect House first .
go to Prince Engineering Lab and then to Slavery Memorial
always avoid Horace Mann House and go to List Art Building .
go to Class of 1872 Gate from the Sharpe Refectory only .
go to War Memorial , then go to Starbucks
go through the Robinson Hall to get to Brown Bear
avoid the War Memorial until after navigating to the Hope College .
move to the Slavery Memorial and then move to 67 George .
go to Slavery Memorial , avoid the 86 Waterman  until you have been to the Slavery Memorial
avoid the Casey Shearer Memorial and go to the J.W. Wilson .
go to the Prince Engineering Lab but do not go through the Lot 17 first .
go to 67 George and then to Rockefeller Library
proceed to the Lot 76 .
avoid Saint Stephens Church on your way to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
navigate to the The Ivy Room avoiding Manning .
go to the Slater Hall .
go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences . if you reached the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences then you may go to the Sayles Hall .
go to the John Hay Library without touching Walter Hall .
proceed to Lyman Hall but avoid John Hay Library on the way . if you have reached Lyman Hall then you can proceed to John Hay Library .
go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall without going into the Manning
go to Prospect House , but never through it
go to Hegeman then go to Hegeman .
go to the Caswell Hall , then go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go through the Sears to Marcus Aurelius .
pass through the Walter Hall before going to the Hope College .
go through the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology to 86 Waterman  .
go to the Van Wickle Gates .
stay on the Minden Hall and navigate to Casey Shearer Memorial .
navigate to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority , and then navigate to the Robinson Hall .
avoid the Carrie Tower and go to Brown Bear .
go through the Manning to the Rhode Island Hall .
move to the Lyman Hall but ensure to go to the Barus Building first .
avoid Mencoff Hall until going to the Lippit House .
go to Starbucks while avoiding the Brown University Sciences Library .
visit the Arnold Laboratory and then proceed to the Marcus Aurelius .
go to the Walter Hall through the Brown Bear
go to John Carter Brown Library while avoiding Simmons Quadrangle
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate and then head to Hope College .
got to William Goddard Memorial Gate through the Swearer Center for Public Service .
avoid the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority until you navigate to the Wayland .
avoid Soldiers Memorial Gate until going to the Wilbour Hall .
always navigate to Circle Dance Sculpture and then proceed to Hegeman .
go to P-131317 through the John Carter Brown Library .
go through Rhode Island Hall to the Sears .
go to Maddock Alumni  while avoiding the Lot 17 .
go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate while avoiding Urban Environmental Lab .
avoid the William Goddard Memorial Gate as you go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go from the Slater Hall to War Memorial
avoid Wayland and go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to or through the Lincoln Field Building . always avoid going to the Lincoln Field Building through John Hay Library
go to the Brown Bear while avoiding The Ivy Room
go to the Lippit House
always avoid going through Van Wickle Gates
avoid The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ until you go to the 67 George .
go to the Lot 76 and then to the Quiet Green .
go to Starbucks via the Carrie Tower .
go to Hughes Court and then to Untitled Lamp/Bear
go through the Idee di pietra to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
visit the Rhode Island Hall then go to the Lot 76 .
avoid the Walter Hall until you go to the Lincoln Field Building .
proceed to Marcus Aurelius but avoid Starbucks on the way . if you have reached Marcus Aurelius then you can proceed to Starbucks .
go to the Van Wickle Gates but avoid the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
avoid Shirley Miller House and go to the John Carter Brown Library .
always avoid Horace Mann House and go to Salomon Center for Teaching .
avoid the Prince Engineering Lab , navigate to the Hughes Court .
avoid Wilbour Hall until you go to the Walter Hall .
avoid the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate
go to the Slavery Memorial through the Brown University .
go to Lincoln Field Building through the 86 Waterman 
go to the Barus Building .
go through the Maxcy Hall to the Wriston Quad .
go to the J.W. Wilson while always avoiding Simmons Quadrangle
go from the Lot 17 to Swearer Center for Public Service
always avoid the Wilbour Hall , go to the Marcus Aurelius .
go to the Starbucks , then navigate to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to Rhode Island Hall , before going to Wilbour Hall .
go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate through 86 Waterman  .
avoid the 86 Waterman  on the way to Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to the Hughes Court and then head to Shirley Miller House .
always go to John Carter Brown Library before navigating to the Marston Hall .
go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority through the Maxcy Green
go through the Maxcy Green to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
navigate to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
avoid the Walter Hall until you reach Hughes Court .
avoid the Sayles Hall and navigate to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
avoid the Minden Hall and go to the Friedman Hall .
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color then the Citizen's Bank .
move to anywhere on the Walter Hall , then move to anywhere on the List Art Building .
go to the Casey Shearer Memorial without going to the Arnold Laboratory . if you reached the Casey Shearer Memorial , now you can go to the Arnold Laboratory .
start on the Lot 17 , go directly to the Starbucks .
always avoid the Minden Hall and go to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
proceed to Shirley Miller House but avoid John Hay Library on the way . if you have reached Shirley Miller House then you can proceed to John Hay Library .
go to the Van Wickle Gates and then to Sears .
head to the Lot 76 and then head to the Wilbour Hall .
go to the 86 Waterman  and then go to Lot 17 .
go to or through Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity always avoid going to Salomon Center for Teaching through Salomon Center for Teaching
go to Lincoln Field Building but avoid List Art Building .
go to the Gardner House .
go to BERT .
move to Salomon Center for Teaching without entering the Maxcy Green . then you may stay at Salomon Center for Teaching or go to the Maxcy Green .
go to P-131317 before navigating to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to the P-131317 through the Maxcy Green
go to Finlandia via the Prospect House .
go to the Prince Engineering Lab via Kassar House .
go to the Caswell Hall while always avoiding the Rhode Island Hall
go to the Shirley Miller House and avoid College Green .
go to the Idee di pietra and avoid the Manning .
always go to John Carter Brown Library before Gardner House .
always avoid the Quiet Green to navigate to William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go from the Brown Bear to the J.W. Wilson .
avoid Lincoln Field Building and go to Untitled Lamp/Bear if you reached Untitled Lamp/Bear then you can go to Lincoln Field Building .
go to Barus Building through the Caswell Hall
go to or through the Kassar House , but avoid going to the Kassar House through the P-131317
go to the Horace Mann House without ever leaving the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to Robinson Gate without first passing through John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go directly to Finlandia
go to the Horace Mann House avoiding Lot 17 .
proceed to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go through the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate before going to Metcalf Research Building
go to Salomon Center for Teaching before going in the Wayland .
go to the BERT by touching the The Ivy Room .
avoid 86 Waterman  until going to John Hay Library .
go to Hegeman through the Idee di pietra
navigate to the Littlefield Hall .
go to Caswell Hall but do not first pass through Brown Bear .
go to the Maddock Alumni  and avoid J.W. Wilson .
go to or through the Minden Hall always avoid going to the Minden Hall through the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop
avoid University Hall and go to Rockefeller Library .
navigate to Minden Hall through the 86 Waterman  .
go to the Lippit House
avoid Medical Research Lab and go to Lippit House .
avoid the Wilbour Hall until you go to Lot 18 .
go to the Faunce House but avoid Prospect House .
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ and avoid John Nicholas Brown Gate .
move to Hughes Court without leaving the Quiet Green .
navigate to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority then continue to Van Wickle Gates .
go to or through the Urban Environmental Lab always avoid going through the Brown University Sciences Library
first go to the Rockefeller Library and then go to 67 George .
go to the Mencoff Hall before going to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
avoid the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate and go to the Hegeman .
go to Hegeman through Marston Hall .
go to Watson Center for Information Technology through the Hope College .
avoid the P-131317 until you go to Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Rhode Island Hall
go to the Medical Research Lab while avoiding Rockefeller Library .
avoid the College Green until passing Manning .
go from the Faunce House to the Robinson Hall
go to Urban Environmental Lab
go to the Prince Engineering Lab without going through the Wilbour Hall .
avoid the Lot 76 until going to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
avoid the Medical Research Lab and the The Ivy Room and go to Medical Research Lab .
from the Arnold Laboratory , navigate to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
do not go to Arnold Laboratory until going to 67 George
first move to Arnold Laboratory then navigate to the Simmons Quadrangle .
go to Citizen's Bank through the Starbucks
go to the Prince Engineering Lab
go from the Carrie Tower to the Maxcy Hall
move to the Norwood House but go through List Art Building first .
go to the Kassar House , then go to the John Carter Brown Library .
go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to Littlefield Hall whilst avoiding the Friedman Hall .
navigate to Marcus Aurelius through the Marston Hall .
always go through the Slater Hall and then to Slavery Memorial .
go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop but avoid Wilbour Hall .
navigate to Robinson Gate through the Wilbour Hall .
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ while avoiding the 67 George and if you have reached the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ then you can go to the 67 George .
go through the John Nicholas Brown Gate to the Simmons Quadrangle .
always avoid Arnold Laboratory and go to Maxcy Green
robot , go to the Sayles Hall .
avoid the Mencoff Hall until you go to the Wilbour Hall .
go to Friedman Hall
go to Shirley Miller House via the 67 George .
navigate to the Mencoff Hall , and then navigate to the Marcus Aurelius .
go through Medical Research Lab on your way to the College Green .
navigate to the Blue Room then continue to John Carter Brown Library .
always go through the Metcalf Research Building and then to John Carter Brown Library .
go to the University Hall , then proceed to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
head to the Marston Hall and then head to the Van Wickle Gates .
avoid the Norwood House and go to Arnold Laboratory .
always avoid Maddock Alumni  and go to the Lincoln Field Building .
go to the Sharpe Refectory through the 67 George
go from the Saint Stephens Church to the Van Wickle Gates
avoid the Lot 17 until you go to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
avoid Metcalf Research Building and go to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go through the Medical Research Lab to the Wayland .
go to Rhode Island Hall and avoid the Slavery Memorial .
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity and then navigate to the Mencoff Hall .
go to or through the The Ivy Room while avoiding going through the War Memorial
proceed to the University Hall by going through the Medical Research Lab .
go to the Medical Research Lab .
navigate to the Marston Hall via the Littlefield Hall .
avoid Walter Hall until you go to the BERT .
go to the Shirley Miller House .
go to the 86 Waterman  .
navigate to the Gardner House through the J.W. Wilson .
go through Norwood House to the Caswell Hall .
go to the Walter Hall avoiding the Van Wickle Gates . only if you reached the Walter Hall then you may proceed to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the 86 Waterman  but avoid the Saint Stephens Church .
go to the Wilbour Hall by first going to the Blue Room .
avoid The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ until you navigate to The Ivy Room .
avoid Campus Market and go to the Brown Bear .
go to Sayles Hall , avoid the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences until you have been to the Sayles Hall
avoid Circle Dance Sculpture , and go to Hegeman .
go to the Friedman Hall through Lyman Hall
go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate through the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
always avoid the Lippit House and go to the War Memorial .
always pass The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ before Lot 18 .
go through Norwood House to the Brown Bear .
go to the Barus Building after you go to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
always go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ before Brown University .
go through Class of 1887 Gate on your way to the Lot 76 .
go to the Brown University Sciences Library without going to Brown University Sciences Library .
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
navigate to Robinson Gate .
pass through the John Hay Library on your way to the College Green .
go through the Medical Research Lab to the John Nicholas Brown Gate
avoid Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences and go to Soldiers Memorial Gate if you 've reached Soldiers Memorial Gate then you can go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to Shirley Miller House and then go to the Campus Market .
avoid the Simmons Quadrangle until you go to Brown University
go to the Van Wickle Gates through the Citizen's Bank
first navigate to Saint Stephens Church , then go to Rockefeller Library .
pass through Slavery Memorial before going to the Lincoln Field Building .
go to the Friedman Hall through War Memorial
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ while always avoiding the List Art Building
go through Marston Hall to University Hall .
go to the University Hall by first going through the Robinson Hall .
stay on the John Hay Library while navigating to Maxcy Green .
always avoid the J.W. Wilson and go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
stay away from the Sharpe Refectory and go to War Memorial .
always avoid the Class of 1887 Gate while navigating to Lyman Hall .
go to or through the Lyman Hall always avoid going through the Prince Engineering Lab
avoid Lot 76 until reaching the Marcus Aurelius .
go to the Maxcy Green without going to the Carrie Tower .
go to War Memorial through the Kassar House
avoid the Lyman Hall until you reach The Ivy Room .
avoid the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate and go to the Slavery Memorial .
go to the Walter Hall .
go to the Class of 1872 Gate , then go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to Hegeman , then go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ through the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to the Van Wickle Gates through GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to Class of 1872 Gate then go to Simmons Quadrangle .
go to the Class of 1872 Gate before you navigate to Wayland .
go to the Brown Bear .
go to Hughes Court by going through Alpha Chi Omega Sorority
go to the War Memorial without going to the Slater Hall .
go to the Wriston Quad through the Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to Brown University then go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
avoid the John Nicholas Brown Gate until you go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
move to Wayland after moving to the Sears .
go to the Circle Dance Sculpture while avoiding Slater Hall .
navigate to the Van Wickle Gates then continue to Caswell Hall .
always avoid going to Carrie Tower through the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences
navigate to the Prince Engineering Lab always avoiding the Carrie Tower .
go to Norwood House then go to the Rhode Island Hall .
go to Manning and then go to the Lot 76 .
move to the Van Wickle Gates first then travel to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ before going to Finlandia .
go to Wayland and then to 86 Waterman 
go to the List Art Building
go through the Starbucks to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
pass through Swearer Center for Public Service on your way to the The Ivy Room .
from the Urban Environmental Lab , navigate to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
while always avoiding the College Green , go to Idee di pietra .
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority through the Rhode Island Hall
go to Simmons Quadrangle and proceed to Rockefeller Library .
go to Marcus Aurelius , then go to Urban Environmental Lab
always avoid Gardner House and go to Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to Untitled Lamp/Bear via the Rockefeller Library .
go through Blue Room to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences without going to the Sears .
go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear through Hegeman
go up to the Friedman Hall without going to Lot 17 .
always avoid Alpha Chi Omega Sorority and go to Lot 76 .
go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate and avoid the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to the War Memorial while always avoiding the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to the Brown University Sciences Library through the Blue Room
stay on the Citizen's Bank and move to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to the Wriston Quad
avoid P-131317 until you go to Littlefield Hall .
go to Sayles Hall but do not first go through the Quiet Green .
avoid the second and J.W. Wilson and go to the BERT .
go to the Prospect House avoiding the Prospect House . if you reached the Minden Hall you can stay there , or head to the Prospect House .
avoid Lot 18 until going to Hope College .
go to the Casey Shearer Memorial through Van Wickle Gates .
go through Manning to the Mencoff Hall .
go to Kassar House before going to Simmons Quadrangle .
go to the College Green , avoiding Sharpe Refectory .
go to the Class of 1887 Gate through the College Green
avoid the second and War Memorial and go to the Maxcy Hall .
go through Lot 17 and navigate to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to Campus Market through the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to the Littlefield Hall .
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
always avoid going to Blue Room through the Hughes Court
go through the Medical Research Lab to the Lot 18 .
go to 1 Citizen's Bank after John Hay Library
go to Casey Shearer Memorial while always avoiding the Gardner House .
go to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to the College Green before going to the P-131317 .
from the University Hall , navigate to the Faunce House .
go to the College Green , then go to the Faunce House
avoid the Sharpe Refectory and go to the Marston Hall .
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop while always avoiding Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity
navigate to the P-131317 by passing through the Simmons Quadrangle .
avoid Finlandia until going to the College Green .
go to Arnold Laboratory through the Marston Hall
always avoid The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ and go to the Finlandia .
go to the Kassar House through Wayland .
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority through Maddock Alumni 
go to the War Memorial through the Quiet Green
go to the Idee di pietra through the Marston Hall .
move to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to Caswell Hall whilst avoiding the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go directly to John Hay Library
go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ through John Nicholas Brown Gate
go to J.W. Wilson , then go to Shirley Miller House
always go through Citizen's Bank and then to the Caswell Hall .
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop through the John Carter Brown Library
avoid John Hay Library and go to the Hope College .
go through Quiet Green to Hope College .
go to the Lyman Hall .
go to the Starbucks , and then go to the Blue Room .
from the Lot 18 , go to BERT directly .
go to the Saint Stephens Church avoiding Prospect House .
avoid Marcus Aurelius until you go to the Simmons Quadrangle .
navigate to Lot 17 through the BERT .
go to War Memorial and then go to the Brown University .
avoid the Prince Engineering Lab and go to the J.W. Wilson .
navigate to the University Hall but never go to the Brown Bear .
go to the Manning avoiding the Salomon Center for Teaching . go through the Manning to get to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall after going to the Hegeman .
avoid Lincoln Field Building until going to Lot 76 .
navigate to the Lippit House via the Rhode Island Hall .
go to the Class of 1887 Gate .
avoid the John Nicholas Brown Gate until you go through the Campus Market .
go to the Norwood House , and then go to the 86 Waterman  .
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ without touching Swearer Center for Public Service .
move to the Class of 1887 Gate and then head to Blue Room .
go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity before going to Barus Building .
avoid the first and Barus Building and go to Hegeman .
avoid Blue Room until reaching the College Green .
go to the Horace Mann House through Maddock Alumni  .
go to or through the Salomon Center for Teaching always avoid going through the Watson Center for Information Technology
move to the 86 Waterman  .
pass through Faunce House before going to the Saint Stephens Church .
go to William Goddard Memorial Gate , then head to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate while avoiding Carrie Tower
navigate to Class of 1887 Gate through the Class of 1872 Gate .
go to the Slavery Memorial while staying on the Maxcy Green .
avoid the Citizen's Bank until you go to the Friedman Hall .
go to the Slavery Memorial , then go to the Quiet Green .
pass through Marcus Aurelius before going to the Hope College .
go to Rockefeller Library without going in the Idee di pietra
go to John Nicholas Brown Gate and then to Marston Hall .
navigate to the Brown University after going to the Class of 1872 Gate .
go to the Robinson Gate while always avoiding the John Carter Brown Library
go to Brown Bear by avoiding the John Nicholas Brown Gate and then stay there or continue to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
avoid the Maxcy Hall until passing Lot 76 .
go to the Urban Environmental Lab
go through the Sayles Hall to the Sharpe Refectory .
go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology , then go to 67 George .
go to the Class of 1872 Gate before going to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ
avoid Class of 1872 Gate and proceed to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity
navigate to the Shirley Miller House .
go to Van Wickle Gates through the Arnold Laboratory .
avoid Idee di pietra until you have passed through Marston Hall
avoid the Lincoln Field Building and go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
avoid the Quiet Green until you go to the Hegeman .
go to Lyman Hall before going in the 86 Waterman 
go to Rockefeller Library while staying on the P-131317 .
go to Lot 17 before going to the John Carter Brown Library .
go to the Class of 1872 Gate . if you reached the Class of 1872 Gate then you may go to the Hegeman .
navigate from the Marston Hall to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Wilbour Hall through the Wriston Quad .
go to Idee di pietra before going to Hegeman
avoid Minden Hall while going to the Lot 18 .
avoid The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ and go to the Quiet Green .
first navigate to the Lippit House , then make your way to the The Ivy Room .
go to the Lot 18 by first going to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to the Urban Environmental Lab then go to Starbucks .
go to Shirley Miller House before going to John Carter Brown Library
go to Circle Dance Sculpture by going through Norwood House
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall , then go to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
move to Wilbour Hall , but go through the Barus Building first .
go to Slavery Memorial , avoid the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity until you have been to the Slavery Memorial
avoid the Swearer Center for Public Service and go to Hegeman if you reached the Hegeman , you can now go to the Swearer Center for Public Service or stay on Hegeman .
go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate before you go to Brown University .
go to the Slavery Memorial through the Rhode Island Hall
go to the Slavery Memorial , then go to the Maddock Alumni 
move toward the Lot 76 .
go to the John Hay Library while always avoiding the J.W. Wilson .
move to the Sayles Hall without entering the Finlandia .
go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear without ever leaving the The Ivy Room .
go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate and then go to the Wriston Quad .
go to Marston Hall while always avoiding the Simmons Quadrangle .
navigate to the Rhode Island Hall .
go to Littlefield Hall and then to Minden Hall
go to Class of 1872 Gate via the Slater Hall .
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ and avoid Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate through the Campus Market
go to the Medical Research Lab before going to Class of 1872 Gate
move to the Sharpe Refectory and then the BERT .
go to Medical Research Lab through Brown Bear
avoid the William Goddard Memorial Gate and go to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
navigate directly to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to the Kassar House before you go to Sears .
always go to Lincoln Field Building before Urban Environmental Lab .
navigate to the Sharpe Refectory .
avoid Lot 76 and go to the Prince Engineering Lab .
navigate to Lot 18 .
go to the Van Wickle Gates .
move to Class of 1872 Gate , but go through the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority first .
move to Quiet Green , but go through the Saint Stephens Church first .
avoid the College Green on your way to the Barus Building . once you get to the Barus Building you can to the College Green .
navigate to Circle Dance Sculpture through the Brown University Sciences Library .
go through the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences to the John Carter Brown Library .
navigate to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Quiet Green through the Sharpe Refectory .
go to the Faunce House without ever leaving the Van Wickle Gates .
go to Maddock Alumni  always avoiding the Medical Research Lab .
go through Metcalf Research Building on your way to the Lyman Hall .
go to the Citizen's Bank avoiding Slater Hall .
move to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to Metcalf Research Building through the Mencoff Hall .
avoid Hegeman and go to the Kassar House .
move to the Slavery Memorial and then the Sears .
go to the Robinson Hall
go to the Lyman Hall and then go to the Faunce House .
go through the War Memorial to the Wayland .
navigate to the Prince Engineering Lab always avoiding the Wilbour Hall .
navigate to the Friedman Hall and avoid Barus Building .
go from the Blue Room to the Rhode Island Hall
navigate to the Watson Center for Information Technology , avoiding Finlandia .
go to the 86 Waterman  avoiding Slavery Memorial .
pass through the Maxcy Green before going to the Brown Bear .
go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall
avoid Medical Research Lab until you have passed through The Ivy Room
start on the Wayland and move directly to John Carter Brown Library .
go to the Maxcy Green before going to Class of 1887 Gate
avoid the Mencoff Hall until going to the Marcus Aurelius .
go to Mencoff Hall and then to 86 Waterman 
go through Carrie Tower to the Sayles Hall .
avoid the John Carter Brown Library while going to the Wilbour Hall .
go to the Class of 1872 Gate while avoiding the Campus Market and if you have reached the Class of 1872 Gate then you can go to the Campus Market .
go to Citizen's Bank while avoiding Wayland
go to Wayland through the Caswell Hall .
go to the Hope College
avoid the Watson Center for Information Technology until going to the Faunce House .
avoid Gardner House until going to the Slater Hall .
go to the The Ivy Room , then go to Brown Bear .
go through the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate to the John Hay Library .
go to the Manning through the Faunce House
avoid the Metcalf Research Building until going to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go through the Faunce House before navigating to Caswell Hall .
proceed to Kassar House without going through the University Hall .
navigate to the Circle Dance Sculpture and avoid Blue Room .
avoid Prospect House until after you go to Wayland .
navigate to the Marcus Aurelius through the Hegeman .
go to Urban Environmental Lab and then to Salomon Center for Teaching
go to the Prospect House avoiding John Hay Library .
go through the Soldiers Memorial Gate to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go through the Lincoln Field Building to the Marcus Aurelius .
go to the College Green avoiding the College Green . if you reached the Barus Building you can stay there , or head to the College Green .
go through Robinson Gate to Prospect House .
go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences but do not enter the University Hall first .
go to the Brown Bear , then navigate to the Robinson Hall .
move to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop , but travel to the Shirley Miller House first .
navigate to the List Art Building always passing through the Hope College .
go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate and then go directly to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
always go to Brown Center for Students of Color before John Carter Brown Library .
avoid Brown Center for Students of Color until you have passed through Prince Engineering Lab
avoid the John Carter Brown Library until reaching BERT .
navigate to the Hughes Court always passing through the Norwood House .
navigate to the Robinson Gate and avoid Medical Research Lab .
from the Marcus Aurelius , navigate to the Starbucks .
go to the University Hall without going to University Hall .
go to the Brown University through the P-131317 .
navigate to the Lyman Hall but do n't ever go to Campus Market .
avoid the Hughes Court and go to Hope College .
avoid Swearer Center for Public Service and go to the Sayles Hall .
always avoid Lot 17 and go to University Hall
go to the Rockefeller Library and then head to Barus Building .
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall without going to Medical Research Lab .
avoid the Barus Building until you enter the College Green .
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ and then to University Hall .
always avoid going through Arnold Laboratory
go from the Barus Building to the Mencoff Hall
go to Barus Building through the Lot 17
avoid the Brown Center for Students of Color until after going to the Lot 17 .
avoid the Kassar House and go to the Wriston Quad .
go to the Hegeman through Untitled Lamp/Bear
go to Swearer Center for Public Service then go to the Mencoff Hall .
go through Casey Shearer Memorial on your way to the List Art Building .
avoid the second and The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ and go to the Quiet Green .
go to Simmons Quadrangle through the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
always avoid going to Van Wickle Gates through the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology
go to the Urban Environmental Lab through the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ
go through the Brown Center for Students of Color before going to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop
go to the Brown Bear while avoiding Friedman Hall .
go through the Lot 76 to Wayland .
always avoid the The Ivy Room while navigating to the Quiet Green .
go to the Rockefeller Library through the J.W. Wilson .
go to War Memorial without going in the John Hay Library
go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences through the Walter Hall
go to the BERT before going to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
navigate to Salomon Center for Teaching .
visit the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ then go to the Lincoln Field Building .
go to the Class of 1887 Gate before you go to List Art Building .
stay on the Sharpe Refectory and move to Carrie Tower .
go to the Starbucks without touching Mencoff Hall .
go to the Lippit House before going to Littlefield Hall .
avoid the first and Littlefield Hall and go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
avoid Walter Hall until after the Lincoln Field Building
navigate to the Barus Building always passing through the Lippit House .
always go from the Horace Mann House to the Lot 76 .
go through Sayles Hall to Barus Building .
avoid the John Hay Library and the Medical Research Lab and go to John Hay Library .
navigate to Brown Bear through the Marcus Aurelius .
go to the John Carter Brown Library .
go through the Sharpe Refectory to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
avoid Marston Hall until going to Medical Research Lab .
move to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate by going through the Lot 17
go to the Saint Stephens Church through the Campus Market .
go to Finlandia .
go to the Urban Environmental Lab , then go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to J.W. Wilson while always avoiding the Hope College .
go to the Brown University Sciences Library
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ , then go to the The Ivy Room .
stay on the Wilbour Hall and go to the Lot 76 .
go to the Campus Market through the BERT .
go to the Carrie Tower without ever leaving the Urban Environmental Lab .
head to the Swearer Center for Public Service avoiding Idee di pietra .
go from College Green to Soldiers Memorial Gate .
avoid Robinson Hall and go to Maxcy Green .
go through the Untitled Lamp/Bear to get to Hegeman
travel to War Memorial .
go to the Lippit House then go to the 86 Waterman  .
avoid the Citizen's Bank until going to the Prospect House .
go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority but do not first go through the Urban Environmental Lab .
go to Sharpe Refectory through the Campus Market .
go to Lot 18 before Lot 17 .
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity through the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go through Salomon Center for Teaching and navigate to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
travel to the BERT and then go to Quiet Green .
go to the Norwood House and avoid Prospect House .
go to the J.W. Wilson only through the Horace Mann House
avoid the first and Lyman Hall and go to College Green .
first go to the Urban Environmental Lab and then go to University Hall .
go through Idee di pietra before going to the Carrie Tower .
avoid Metcalf Research Building and go to Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to Untitled Lamp/Bear , but never through it
go to or through the Hughes Court always avoid going through the Swearer Center for Public Service
go to the Walter Hall through the Lincoln Field Building .
go from the Lot 17 to Wayland
go through Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences to Robinson Hall .
always avoid the College Green and navigate to the Prospect House .
avoid the Watson Center for Information Technology until P-131317 .
navigate to the Brown Bear , and then navigate to the Wayland .
navigate directly to the Metcalf Research Building .
navigate to the List Art Building while avoiding the 86 Waterman  .
go to the Littlefield Hall while staying on the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
navigate to the Minden Hall always passing through the Urban Environmental Lab .
avoid Arnold Laboratory until going to Caswell Hall .
go directly to Brown Bear .
avoid the University Hall until after you 've gone to the Faunce House .
go to the Slater Hall while avoiding Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity
get to War Memorial , while avoiding Sayles Hall
got to Watson Center for Information Technology through the 67 George .
advance to Hughes Court but always avoid the Prospect House .
avoid the Rockefeller Library and go to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
move to the Rhode Island Hall while avoiding the Norwood House .
avoid the Brown University until reaching Minden Hall .
go to John Hay Library through the Metcalf Research Building
avoid the List Art Building until going through Quiet Green .
go to the Swearer Center for Public Service while always avoiding the Wayland .
avoid the Robinson Hall until after navigating to the Lot 76 .
go from the Slater Hall to Sharpe Refectory .
go to the Citizen's Bank and then navigate to the List Art Building .
avoid Alpha Chi Omega Sorority until you go to the Caswell Hall .
go to John Hay Library and avoid the Brown University Sciences Library .
go to List Art Building and then go to the Hughes Court .
stay on the Lippit House and go to the List Art Building .
go to the Hope College , then head to the Slavery Memorial .
avoid the Medical Research Lab on your way to the BERT . once you get to the BERT you can to the Medical Research Lab .
go to Lot 17 through Watson Center for Information Technology
go through the Blue Room before navigating to Simmons Quadrangle .
avoid Class of 1887 Gate until navigating to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to the Campus Market .
always avoid Van Wickle Gates , and navigate to Lyman Hall .
avoid Prince Engineering Lab and go to the Gardner House .
go to the University Hall but never go to the Lot 17 .
go to Urban Environmental Lab through Metcalf Research Building
go to Van Wickle Gates .
avoid the Minden Hall and go to Brown University .
go to the Hegeman and then to Quiet Green .
from the Watson Center for Information Technology , navigate to the Hegeman .
go to the Wriston Quad avoiding John Hay Library .
avoid the Urban Environmental Lab until you go to the Hope College .
go directly to University Hall
stay on the Maxcy Hall and go to Lot 18 .
go to Mencoff Hall but always avoid University Hall .
stay on the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall and go to Finlandia .
go to the Class of 1887 Gate before going to Quiet Green
move to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to the Class of 1887 Gate .
navigate to the Brown University .
go to the Brown University Sciences Library .
go to Rockefeller Library but always stay away from Wayland .
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop and then to Starbucks .
go through the Hughes Court , then make your way to Sears .
go to the Sharpe Refectory .
go to the Hughes Court through the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate
go through Prince Engineering Lab to Metcalf Research Building .
go to the Wayland without going through the Robinson Gate . if you reached the Wayland then you can go to the Robinson Gate , or be done .
go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ through the Wilbour Hall
avoid Robinson Gate until you go to the Maddock Alumni  .
go to the Barus Building through Brown Bear .
go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity before going in the Lincoln Field Building .
avoid the Metcalf Research Building until after going to the Class of 1887 Gate .
go through Sharpe Refectory before going to the Shirley Miller House .
stay on the Circle Dance Sculpture to get to List Art Building .
go to Caswell Hall then go to College Green .
go to Horace Mann House through the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to the Friedman Hall while avoiding Rockefeller Library
go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology while staying on the Slater Hall .
avoid the Brown University and go to Blue Room .
avoid Faunce House and move into the Idee di pietra .
stay on the Maddock Alumni  and go to Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to the Sharpe Refectory .
avoid the Salomon Center for Teaching as you go to the Sears .
move to the BERT and then move to Brown University .
go to the Casey Shearer Memorial while always avoiding the Maddock Alumni  .
go to the Brown University Sciences Library .
avoid the Robinson Hall as you go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to Prospect House through the John Carter Brown Library .
go to Circle Dance Sculpture , then go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
always avoid going to Lyman Hall through the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall avoiding the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to the Hope College avoiding Quiet Green .
go to Casey Shearer Memorial via the Faunce House .
go to the The Ivy Room through the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ through Prince Engineering Lab .
always avoid going through Shirley Miller House
go to the Class of 1872 Gate and then go to the Slavery Memorial .
go to the Van Wickle Gates through the Faunce House
go to the Arnold Laboratory before going to Brown Center for Students of Color .
always avoid the Casey Shearer Memorial , go to Caswell Hall .
always avoid the Maxcy Hall and go to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
go through Kassar House to the War Memorial .
move to Simmons Quadrangle but avoid John Hay Library .
go to the Maxcy Green through Rhode Island Hall .
go to the Brown Bear but do not go to Marston Hall .
go through the 86 Waterman  to the Horace Mann House .
go through Friedman Hall to the Brown Bear .
avoid the Starbucks until reaching the Marston Hall .
go to the Lot 17 .
go to the Van Wickle Gates through BERT .
go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear and avoid the Horace Mann House .
navigate to the Citizen's Bank .
navigate to the Lot 17 always avoiding the Slavery Memorial .
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to the Brown University while avoiding Finlandia
move towards Urban Environmental Lab and then to 67 George .
proceed to the Simmons Quadrangle by going through the Prospect House .
remain on the University Hall and navigate to the Robinson Hall .
avoid the Prince Engineering Lab until after navigating to the Quiet Green .
go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology but avoid the Brown University Sciences Library .
avoid the War Memorial until after going to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to the Sayles Hall before going to the Idee di pietra .
go through the Slavery Memorial to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
robot , go to the Robinson Hall .
go to the Friedman Hall .
go to the Lippit House via the Maxcy Green .
go to Carrie Tower while avoiding the Maxcy Hall .
go to Faunce House , then head to the Hope College .
head to the Citizen's Bank without going through the Lincoln Field Building
first go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences , then go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ avoiding Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
avoid the Kassar House until going through List Art Building .
avoid Lot 17 and go to College Green if you have reached College Green then you can go to Lot 17 .
avoid Horace Mann House until you go to the Marcus Aurelius .
move to Urban Environmental Lab but avoid Sayles Hall .
go to Slavery Memorial by going through Lyman Hall
move to the Finlandia without leaving the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to Sears through Brown Bear
go to the Slater Hall avoiding Rhode Island Hall .
go through the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall and navigate to the Saint Stephens Church .
move to the 86 Waterman  and then head to Urban Environmental Lab .
go to the Horace Mann House before going to the Metcalf Research Building .
go to 86 Waterman  but do not first go through the Citizen's Bank .
always avoid the Sears to navigate to Lincoln Field Building .
move to the Barus Building .
go to Mencoff Hall always avoiding the Lincoln Field Building .
go to Metcalf Research Building and then to Friedman Hall .
go to the Citizen's Bank by first going through the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop while staying on the Walter Hall .
robot , go to the Lyman Hall .
go to the Class of 1872 Gate and then to Maxcy Green .
go to the Marcus Aurelius , then head to the Robinson Gate .
avoid Hope College until you go to Finlandia .
go to Metcalf Research Building by avoiding the Swearer Center for Public Service and then stay there or continue to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to the Lot 18 , avoiding John Hay Library .
go to Brown University Sciences Library before going to Wriston Quad
travel to the Littlefield Hall and then go to Robinson Hall .
avoid Sayles Hall until going to the Quiet Green .
avoid the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop and go to Friedman Hall .
go through the Shirley Miller House to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall
navigate to the The Ivy Room .
navigate to the Lot 18 while avoiding Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
do n't go into the Sharpe Refectory until going to Wayland
go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ while always avoiding the Class of 1872 Gate
avoid Finlandia and go to the Class of 1887 Gate .
go to Campus Market
avoid the Slater Hall until you navigate to Hope College .
avoid the second and BERT and go to the Slater Hall .
go to Prince Engineering Lab and then go to the Minden Hall .
go to the Lot 76 .
always pass through the Rhode Island Hall to get to Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to the Casey Shearer Memorial while avoiding Idee di pietra
always go through the Lippit House and then to Minden Hall .
navigate to the Swearer Center for Public Service via the P-131317 .
avoid the Prospect House until going to the Lot 17 .
go to the Van Wickle Gates and then navigate to the 67 George .
go to the John Carter Brown Library and avoid the Norwood House .
go to Lot 18 , then go to P-131317 .
avoid Medical Research Lab and go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
avoid the Medical Research Lab and travel to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to Sharpe Refectory but avoid Faunce House .
navigate to the BERT through the Maxcy Hall .
go to Rhode Island Hall , then go to John Hay Library .
go to J.W. Wilson while avoiding going through any other objects
avoid the Gardner House until going to Brown Bear .
avoid Manning and go to Friedman Hall .
go through Soldiers Memorial Gate to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
always avoid 86 Waterman  and go to Lot 17 .
move to Campus Market but avoid Barus Building .
go through the 86 Waterman  first , then go to the John Carter Brown Library .
always avoid the Sayles Hall , go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to the Littlefield Hall but do not go through the Metcalf Research Building first .
go through the Slavery Memorial to the Littlefield Hall .
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ before going to Norwood House .
go to the Kassar House .
go up to Maxcy Hall .
avoid the Rockefeller Library and go to the Lippit House .
avoid the Medical Research Lab and navigate to the Faunce House .
pass through Soldiers Memorial Gate on your way to the Idee di pietra .
go to Lyman Hall through Minden Hall
go to Brown Bear .
move to Class of 1872 Gate without leaving the John Carter Brown Library .
avoid the Lincoln Field Building until you go to John Carter Brown Library .
go to the Sharpe Refectory .
go through the 67 George to the Campus Market .
avoid the Horace Mann House
avoid the Van Wickle Gates until you go to the College Green .
go to the Hughes Court and avoid Circle Dance Sculpture .
move to the Hughes Court .
go to Caswell Hall and then to Medical Research Lab .
avoid Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences and go to the Mencoff Hall .
go to Sayles Hall through the Brown University Sciences Library
go through Wriston Quad before going to the 67 George .
navigate to the J.W. Wilson but do n't ever go to William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go through the Caswell Hall then to the J.W. Wilson .
go to the 67 George .
go to the Manning before going to Class of 1872 Gate
go to or through the Friedman Hall always avoid going through the Rhode Island Hall
avoid Class of 1872 Gate until going to the Carrie Tower .
go to Faunce House before going to the Quiet Green .
go to the Citizen's Bank , then navigate to the The Ivy Room .
avoid Prospect House until after the University Hall
go to the Citizen's Bank and go down to the Kassar House .
go to the Sayles Hall .
avoid Urban Environmental Lab and go to Watson Center for Information Technology .
avoid the Gardner House until you navigate to Horace Mann House .
go to the John Hay Library through the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to Robinson Hall before navigating to the Rhode Island Hall .
navigate to the Brown University through the Wayland .
go to Swearer Center for Public Service and then go to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
avoid Prospect House and go to the Manning .
go to the Slater Hall through the Brown Bear
go to the Casey Shearer Memorial through the Gardner House .
avoid the Brown University Sciences Library until you go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
navigate to the Manning after going to the Horace Mann House .
avoid 67 George and go to the Carrie Tower .
move to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate and then proceed to the Minden Hall .
avoid the William Goddard Memorial Gate
go to Marston Hall and avoid 2nd and Wilbour Hall
go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate before going to the Class of 1887 Gate .
go to the Arnold Laboratory before going to Minden Hall .
go through the Mencoff Hall to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
avoid Lippit House until navigating to Maddock Alumni  .
avoid Van Wickle Gates until you go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to Lyman Hall while always avoiding the Sears
go through the Circle Dance Sculpture to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to Lot 76 before going in the Circle Dance Sculpture
go to Arnold Laboratory
avoid John Nicholas Brown Gate and go to Van Wickle Gates .
do n't go into the Campus Market until going to Brown University
go to the Blue Room , then go to Arnold Laboratory .
pass through the War Memorial on your way to the University Hall .
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate before going to Carrie Tower .
go through Brown Bear before going to the Metcalf Research Building .
head to the Faunce House .
go to the Rhode Island Hall and then go to the List Art Building .
go to the John Hay Library but do not go to Idee di pietra .
avoid the Brown Bear and go to the Brown Bear . if you reached the Brown Bear then you may go to the Brown Bear , or just stay on the Brown Bear .
avoid the Caswell Hall and go to the J.W. Wilson .
avoid the Walter Hall until you go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go through the University Hall to the Lyman Hall .
navigate to the Minden Hall before going to Lyman Hall .
go to the Medical Research Lab .
go to Urban Environmental Lab
go from the BERT to 67 George
navigate to the Faunce House while avoiding Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to Casey Shearer Memorial while staying on the Shirley Miller House .
go to the Lot 18 before going to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ
avoid the Urban Environmental Lab until you go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to 67 George but always avoid P-131317 .
avoid Metcalf Research Building on your way to the Wilbour Hall .
move to John Carter Brown Library without entering the Urban Environmental Lab . then you may stay at John Carter Brown Library or go to the Urban Environmental Lab .
go to the Casey Shearer Memorial avoiding the Lot 17 . only if you reached the Casey Shearer Memorial then you may proceed to the Lot 17 .
navigate to the Blue Room while avoiding BERT .
go to J.W. Wilson through the Friedman Hall .
go to The Ivy Room through the Maddock Alumni 
go to the Brown University .
stay on the Sharpe Refectory and navigate to Friedman Hall .
go to Blue Room
go to Van Wickle Gates then John Hay Library .
go to BERT , but never through it
avoid the Quiet Green until you go to Slater Hall .
go to the Campus Market and if you have reached the Campus Market you may proceed to the Class of 1872 Gate or stay in the Campus Market .
go to the Arnold Laboratory then go to the Rockefeller Library
go from the Swearer Center for Public Service to the Brown Center for Students of Color
go to the Class of 1887 Gate
pass through Saint Stephens Church before going to the Arnold Laboratory .
avoid the first and Brown Bear and go to Lippit House .
go through the Carrie Tower to Maxcy Green .
avoid the Brown University Sciences Library until reaching Lincoln Field Building .
go to Carrie Tower through Watson Center for Information Technology
first navigate to the Brown Bear , then make your way to the Horace Mann House .
move to the Swearer Center for Public Service and then the 86 Waterman  .
advance to Horace Mann House but always avoid the Rockefeller Library .
navigate to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall via the Metcalf Research Building .
avoid Hope College until you navigate to Marcus Aurelius .
go to Hope College but remain on the Wilbour Hall .
go to the Quiet Green .
stay away from the Van Wickle Gates and go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
avoid John Nicholas Brown Gate until you pass through Finlandia .
avoid the Salomon Center for Teaching until you go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
avoid Blue Room until going to War Memorial .
avoid 67 George until you have passed through P-131317
navigate to the Manning before you go to Medical Research Lab .
go through Arnold Laboratory to Friedman Hall .
navigate to Robinson Gate .
avoid the Wilbour Hall until you go to Van Wickle Gates .
avoid Caswell Hall until going to Shirley Miller House .
go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall before going to Walter Hall .
go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority , but do not go to War Memorial .
go to Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go through the Metcalf Research Building to Lippit House .
go through the Caswell Hall before navigating to Van Wickle Gates .
move to Mencoff Hall from the Swearer Center for Public Service .
head to the Rockefeller Library .
go to the Lot 18 then go to Brown Bear .
avoid the Lot 76 and go to the Sears .
move to the Citizen's Bank .
avoid Brown University until going to Friedman Hall .
avoid the first and Untitled Lamp/Bear and go to Lot 17 .
go to Horace Mann House passing through the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
avoid the Minden Hall and the Quiet Green and go to Minden Hall .
go through the List Art Building and navigate to the Sayles Hall .
go to the Brown University Sciences Library avoiding War Memorial if you reached the Brown University Sciences Library then you may go to War Memorial .
navigate to the Class of 1887 Gate then continue to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to the Saint Stephens Church by first visiting Simmons Quadrangle .
move to Quiet Green from the Class of 1887 Gate .
first navigate to the Sears , then make your way to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to Friedman Hall and then to Van Wickle Gates
navigate through John Nicholas Brown Gate to the Quiet Green .
avoid the Wriston Quad until you navigate to Norwood House .
go to the BERT while always avoiding the Slater Hall .
go through the William Goddard Memorial Gate to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go through the Saint Stephens Church to the Untitled Lamp/Bear
stay on the J.W. Wilson and navigate to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
always avoid Finlandia and navigate to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to the Rhode Island Hall while avoiding Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go through the Maxcy Green before going to the Wayland .
go to the Urban Environmental Lab before you go to Norwood House .
navigate to the Lincoln Field Building .
always avoid the Idee di pietra while navigating to the Brown Bear .
go to Brown Bear and avoid the Carrie Tower .
go to the Slater Hall , then go to War Memorial .
avoid the John Hay Library until Citizen's Bank .
go through the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop before going to Marston Hall
navigate to Rockefeller Library through the Circle Dance Sculpture .
avoid Friedman Hall while traveling to Faunce House .
avoid the Wayland until reaching the Shirley Miller House .
navigate to Horace Mann House through the Van Wickle Gates .
avoid John Hay Library and go to the Robinson Hall .
go to the Simmons Quadrangle , then go to the Robinson Hall
move to Walter Hall , but travel to the Barus Building first .
go to the 86 Waterman  while avoiding the Littlefield Hall
navigate to the Littlefield Hall through the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to P-131317 , then go to Idee di pietra
go to the Maddock Alumni  and avoid the Slater Hall .
go to the Lot 18 and then to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
always avoid BERT and go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go from the Mencoff Hall to Lippit House
go to the Marston Hall while avoiding J.W. Wilson
go to the College Green avoiding the College Green . if you reached the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences you can stay there , or head to the College Green .
navigate to the Metcalf Research Building before you go to Brown University .
go to the University Hall .
go to Norwood House before going to Swearer Center for Public Service .
avoid Marcus Aurelius until going to the Prospect House .
go to Casey Shearer Memorial
go through the Maxcy Green before going to the Hegeman .
go to the John Hay Library by avoiding Lincoln Field Building if you reached the John Hay Library , then you can proceed to Lincoln Field Building .
visit the Urban Environmental Lab and then move to the J.W. Wilson .
avoid Walter Hall and go to Shirley Miller House .
go to the University Hall then go Friedman Hall .
avoid Urban Environmental Lab and go to Hope College .
avoid the Medical Research Lab and go to the Hope College .
go through the Mencoff Hall before going to the Sears .
go to John Carter Brown Library via the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to the Hughes Court .
visit the Walter Hall then go to the Marston Hall .
stay away from the 86 Waterman  and go to Slavery Memorial .
go to Idee di pietra after going to P-131317 .
head to the Carrie Tower and then head to the Lippit House .
go to Simmons Quadrangle
go to Wriston Quad from the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate only .
navigate to the List Art Building through the War Memorial .
go through John Carter Brown Library before going to the Hughes Court .
go to Robinson Hall whilst avoiding the Kassar House .
go to Class of 1887 Gate first , without passing through the Brown University Sciences Library
first navigate to Citizen's Bank , then go to Norwood House .
go to the Van Wickle Gates avoiding the Class of 1887 Gate . only if you reached the Van Wickle Gates then you may proceed to the Class of 1887 Gate .
avoid the BERT and reach Lincoln Field Building
always avoid Carrie Tower and navigate to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
head to the Wriston Quad but first go to the Carrie Tower .
avoid Shirley Miller House and go to the Maddock Alumni  .
go to the The Ivy Room , then go to the Maddock Alumni  .
go to the P-131317 .
go to Manning and then the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop
move to Wayland but avoid War Memorial .
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop without going to the Slater Hall
go to the Lippit House by first going through William Goddard Memorial Gate .
always avoid going through Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences
go up to the University Hall without going to Minden Hall .
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology and then to the Citizen's Bank .
go to the Friedman Hall through the Lot 18
go to or through the Class of 1872 Gate always avoid going through the Caswell Hall
go to the Arnold Laboratory while avoiding J.W. Wilson .
avoid the Class of 1887 Gate and go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
avoid the Casey Shearer Memorial and navigate to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
head to Wilbour Hall after going to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to the Maxcy Green through Sears .
always pass Lot 17 to get to level 1 .
move to the Marcus Aurelius by going through the Shirley Miller House
robot , go to the Maddock Alumni  .
navigate to the Slavery Memorial .
go to the Rockefeller Library
go to the Lyman Hall while avoiding Idee di pietra
go through J.W. Wilson to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to Robinson Gate
navigate to the Marston Hall .
go through Minden Hall to Idee di pietra .
always go through the War Memorial before going to Rockefeller Library .
navigate to the Urban Environmental Lab .
navigate to the Lot 76 and avoid Marcus Aurelius .
go to the J.W. Wilson and then go to the Brown University Sciences Library .
go to BERT .
go to Van Wickle Gates but do not enter the Sears first .
go to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
navigate to the Friedman Hall while avoiding Minden Hall .
avoid Caswell Hall until you go to J.W. Wilson .
go to Brown Bear .
navigate to the Lot 17 but do n't ever go to Littlefield Hall .
avoid the Sears and go to the Van Wickle Gates .
proceed to the John Carter Brown Library by going through the Wilbour Hall .
go through 86 Waterman  to the Idee di pietra .
avoid John Hay Library until going to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
always avoid the Citizen's Bank and go to Walter Hall .
go to Brown University Sciences Library .
avoid Brown University Sciences Library and go to Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate through the Brown University Sciences Library .
go to Urban Environmental Lab only through the Circle Dance Sculpture
avoid the Simmons Quadrangle until going to the John Hay Library .
move to the Citizen's Bank by going through the Circle Dance Sculpture
avoid Lippit House and go to Lincoln Field Building .
go to the Blue Room by first visiting Citizen's Bank .
navigate to John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to the Metcalf Research Building avoiding Minden Hall if you reached the Metcalf Research Building then you may go to Minden Hall .
go to the Simmons Quadrangle and then to Carrie Tower .
go to List Art Building and then to Lot 76
always avoid Hughes Court and navigate to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to the Faunce House through the J.W. Wilson .
pass through the Shirley Miller House before going to the John Hay Library .
approach the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology while avoiding the Marston Hall .
go to the Barus Building through the Slavery Memorial .
go to the Lyman Hall but avoid Horace Mann House if you reached to the Lyman Hall then you can head to Horace Mann House or stay put .
go to the Sharpe Refectory through the Minden Hall
always avoid going through Arnold Laboratory
go to Lot 17 and avoid the Rhode Island Hall .
always avoid Alpha Chi Omega Sorority and go to the Walter Hall .
always pass Rockefeller Library before Simmons Quadrangle .
go through the Finlandia first , then go to the Rockefeller Library .
go through the Class of 1872 Gate to 67 George .
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go through the Prince Engineering Lab to the 67 George .
avoid the Lot 76 until you go to the 67 George .
go to Horace Mann House .
go from the The Ivy Room to Brown Bear
go to John Hay Library then Mencoff Hall .
go to the Circle Dance Sculpture through the Idee di pietra
avoid the Maddock Alumni  until List Art Building .
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate while always avoiding the Rockefeller Library
go to Barus Building by going through Walter Hall
go to or through List Art Building always avoid going to P-131317 through P-131317
avoid the Robinson Hall until reaching Quiet Green .
go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate through the Idee di pietra .
go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology but do not first pass through Shirley Miller House .
go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority through the Maxcy Green
go to War Memorial , but do not go to Casey Shearer Memorial .
avoid the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority until you reach Caswell Hall .
approach the Horace Mann House while avoiding the Brown University Sciences Library .
navigate to the Kassar House before going to the Sears .
go to the Urban Environmental Lab through List Art Building .
go to Robinson Gate through the Campus Market .
avoid Circle Dance Sculpture until you navigate to Brown Bear .
go through the Wriston Quad to John Carter Brown Library .
go to the Littlefield Hall while always avoiding Brown Bear
go to Hughes Court before going to List Art Building .
go to the Prospect House via the University Hall .
go to College Green then go to Medical Research Lab .
go to 67 George , then head to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
navigate to the Robinson Gate .
go to the Lot 17 while avoiding the Citizen's Bank
go to the Saint Stephens Church then go to the Marcus Aurelius .
go through Slater Hall before going to the Kassar House .
first go to the Rhode Island Hall and then go to Circle Dance Sculpture .
always avoid GeoChem and Macmillian Hall and go through the Finlandia .
avoid War Memorial and go to the Finlandia .
avoid the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ until you go to Hope College
go from the Prince Engineering Lab to the John Carter Brown Library
go to the Rhode Island Hall by first going through the Manning .
always avoid Swearer Center for Public Service and go to Marcus Aurelius
go to the Class of 1872 Gate before you go to the BERT .
navigate to the Marston Hall via the P-131317 .
go to Maxcy Green via the Maxcy Hall .
avoid The Ivy Room until you go to the Wayland .
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
avoid the John Hay Library until passing 67 George .
go to the Brown Bear avoiding William Goddard Memorial Gate .
avoid Van Wickle Gates and go to the Maddock Alumni  .
navigate to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to Citizen's Bank only through the Rhode Island Hall
proceed to Friedman Hall without going through the Maxcy Hall .
do not go to Littlefield Hall until going to Prospect House
go to Robinson Hall before going to the Lyman Hall .
always avoid Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity and navigate to the The Ivy Room .
avoid the Prospect House until going through Arnold Laboratory .
go to the Robinson Hall via Lot 76 .
always avoid Starbucks and go to the Littlefield Hall .
avoid Manning until you pass through Circle Dance Sculpture .
avoid Van Wickle Gates and go to BERT if you 've reached BERT then you can go to Van Wickle Gates .
always avoid going through Manning
go through the P-131317 before navigating to Untitled Lamp/Bear .
do not navigate away from the Campus Market and go to the Manning .
go to the Van Wickle Gates without touching J.W. Wilson .
navigate directly to the Maddock Alumni  .
avoid Class of 1887 Gate and go to the John Hay Library .
avoid Watson Center for Information Technology and proceed to Sayles Hall
go to a spot in the Citizen's Bank , but do n't touch Littlefield Hall .
go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority before going to the Medical Research Lab
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color through the University Hall
go to Idee di pietra then go to the Horace Mann House .
go to Blue Room then go to the Horace Mann House .
go to Maxcy Hall .
stay on the Caswell Hall while going to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go through the Quiet Green to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to or through the P-131317 always avoid going to the P-131317 through the John Hay Library
go up to The Ivy Room .
move to the BERT .
avoid the BERT until passing Barus Building .
navigate to the Class of 1887 Gate , avoiding Littlefield Hall .
start on the Salomon Center for Teaching , go directly to the Faunce House .
go to 86 Waterman  before going in the Robinson Gate
avoid the Rockefeller Library until going to the Prospect House .
go to Wayland only through the The Ivy Room
go to the Maxcy Hall
go to John Hay Library through Finlandia .
go through the Littlefield Hall to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
go through the Wayland to Rockefeller Library .
go through the Medical Research Lab to Metcalf Research Building .
go to the Maxcy Green but do not go to William Goddard Memorial Gate .
always avoid Walter Hall and go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ , then go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
head to The Ivy Room after going to the Lincoln Field Building .
go to the Medical Research Lab and then go to the Lot 18 .
avoid the Blue Room until you go to Sharpe Refectory
go to the Circle Dance Sculpture before going to the Barus Building .
go through Maxcy Hall before going to the BERT .
go to Medical Research Lab after going to Lincoln Field Building .
go from the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority to the List Art Building .
go through the Marston Hall to the Maxcy Green .
navigate to Citizen's Bank then continue to the Robinson Gate .
go to the University Hall through P-131317
go to Manning through the The Ivy Room .
go up to Saint Stephens Church .
go to the Idee di pietra before you navigate to Urban Environmental Lab .
start on the Lot 17 , go directly to the Arnold Laboratory .
go to the Citizen's Bank through the Norwood House .
go to the War Memorial through the Manning .
go to the John Carter Brown Library , then proceed to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
navigate to the Kassar House while avoiding Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go through John Hay Library to the Arnold Laboratory .
go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate and then to Walter Hall
avoid the The Ivy Room until after you 've gone to the Finlandia .
do n't go into the Lippit House until going to Kassar House
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop then go to the The Ivy Room .
avoid List Art Building and go to The Ivy Room .
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
avoid the Watson Center for Information Technology until Maxcy Green .
avoid Brown University until going to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
stay on the Wriston Quad and navigate to Brown University Sciences Library .
advance to Metcalf Research Building but always avoid the Medical Research Lab .
go to anywhere on the Barus Building .
go to the Hope College through Manning .
avoid War Memorial and proceed to Caswell Hall
go to Lincoln Field Building passing through the Prince Engineering Lab .
navigate through Blue Room to the Arnold Laboratory .
avoid the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity until going to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to the Brown University through Slavery Memorial .
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall through the Lot 17 .
always go to Marcus Aurelius before navigating to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to the Maddock Alumni  through Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
avoid 86 Waterman  until you go to Lot 18 .
go to 1 Caswell Hall after Maxcy Green
avoid the Swearer Center for Public Service and go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
avoid the second and Class of 1872 Gate and go to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
always avoid the List Art Building and go to Slavery Memorial .
go to Barus Building then go to Rockefeller Library .
go to Arnold Laboratory before navigating to the Wayland .
go to List Art Building before going to Hughes Court .
go to the Minden Hall by avoiding Carrie Tower and then stay in the Minden Hall or continue to Carrie Tower
always avoid Prospect House and go to Littlefield Hall .
go to Lippit House and avoid the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ from the Campus Market
go to the Walter Hall while avoiding Van Wickle Gates
go to Walter Hall and then to Metcalf Research Building
always go through the Finlandia before going to Minden Hall .
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity , then go to the Idee di pietra .
go to Prospect House by going through J.W. Wilson
avoid the Marcus Aurelius until you go to the Wilbour Hall .
always pass through the Citizen's Bank to get to John Carter Brown Library .
go to Marcus Aurelius without going to Arnold Laboratory
go to Littlefield Hall via the Saint Stephens Church .
go to the 67 George .
avoid the Carrie Tower and go to the Lot 17 .
avoid University Hall and go to the Prospect House .
go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology through Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences
always avoid going to Brown University through the Sharpe Refectory
head to the Class of 1887 Gate avoiding Shirley Miller House .
go to the Lot 17 through the Hegeman
avoid the Simmons Quadrangle until you navigate to Walter Hall .
go to the Brown Bear
go through Arnold Laboratory to Lippit House .
go from the Brown Bear to the Class of 1887 Gate
go to Slavery Memorial but avoid Kassar House .
move to the Finlandia while avoiding the Lincoln Field Building .
always go to Littlefield Hall before navigating to the Barus Building .
first go to to Wriston Quad then go to the Maxcy Hall .
go to List Art Building and avoid 2nd and Class of 1872 Gate
go to the Campus Market while avoiding Sears and the Sears
always go to University Hall before Gardner House .
avoid University Hall until going to Hegeman .
go to Barus Building through Friedman Hall
move to the Faunce House .
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop through the Hegeman .
move to the Norwood House while avoiding the Mencoff Hall .
navigate to the Brown University Sciences Library before going to the Littlefield Hall .
go to Soldiers Memorial Gate through John Hay Library .
go to the Gardner House from the Lincoln Field Building
go to J.W. Wilson .
avoid Urban Environmental Lab , and go to Slavery Memorial .
go to P-131317 through the College Green .
move to Sayles Hall without entering the Van Wickle Gates . then you may stay at Sayles Hall or go to the Van Wickle Gates .
avoid Sears , and go to Lippit House .
go to the J.W. Wilson then go Wayland .
go to the BERT then the Horace Mann House .
go to the Robinson Hall by first going through the J.W. Wilson .
go through the Marston Hall to get to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate
avoid the Brown Bear until going to Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to P-131317
avoid the Finlandia and go to the Slavery Memorial .
stay on the Norwood House and navigate to Maxcy Hall .
always avoid Arnold Laboratory and go to the Gardner House .
go through the Van Wickle Gates to the Maxcy Green .
avoid the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity until you go to Lyman Hall
go through the Arnold Laboratory to the List Art Building .
go to 86 Waterman  avoiding the Untitled Lamp/Bear . then go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear or stay on 86 Waterman  .
go to the Barus Building .
avoid the Mencoff Hall until going to Prospect House .
go through the College Green and navigate to the BERT .
go to the Maxcy Hall avoiding the Van Wickle Gates . if you get to Maxcy Hall you can then proceed to the Van Wickle Gates
go to the Minden Hall .
always avoid the Brown Bear and navigate to the Norwood House .
go through Lincoln Field Building to the Prospect House .
avoid Class of 1872 Gate and go to College Green .
go to the Finlandia avoiding the Campus Market . if you get to Finlandia you can then proceed to the Campus Market
avoid P-131317 until after you go to Barus Building .
go through the Gardner House to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
got to Casey Shearer Memorial through the 86 Waterman  .
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching before going to Lyman Hall .
stay on the Minden Hall while navigating to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
navigate to the John Hay Library and avoid Blue Room .
avoid P-131317 and go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
navigate to the Medical Research Lab .
go to J.W. Wilson via the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to the Lincoln Field Building and then go to the Wriston Quad .
go to the Brown University Sciences Library through the College Green .
avoid William Goddard Memorial Gate and go to the Robinson Gate .
go to Wriston Quad and then to Manning .
always avoid going to William Goddard Memorial Gate through the Brown University
go to War Memorial through the 67 George
always avoid the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate , go to the Maxcy Hall .
go to the Simmons Quadrangle
navigate to Lincoln Field Building .
avoid Campus Market while traveling to Hope College .
avoid the Sharpe Refectory and go to Friedman Hall .
go to the Rhode Island Hall without going to the BERT .
avoid the Wayland on the way to Idee di pietra .
go to the John Carter Brown Library but avoid Circle Dance Sculpture if you reached to the John Carter Brown Library then you can head to Circle Dance Sculpture or stay put .
avoid John Carter Brown Library and go to the Hughes Court .
always avoid going to Sharpe Refectory through the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology
go to the Wriston Quad , then go to the Gardner House .
go through the Prospect House first , then go to the Kassar House .
go to the Norwood House through the 67 George .
go to Maxcy Hall .
go to Watson Center for Information Technology , but do not go to Medical Research Lab .
go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology
go to the Medical Research Lab through Brown Bear
avoid Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology and proceed to Maxcy Green
always avoid going to John Hay Library through the Faunce House
avoid the John Carter Brown Library until you reach Rockefeller Library .
go to Salomon Center for Teaching through the Van Wickle Gates
go through the Simmons Quadrangle to Van Wickle Gates .
avoid the University Hall and go to the Barus Building .
go to Metcalf Research Building without going in the Norwood House
always avoid going to 67 George through the Saint Stephens Church
go to War Memorial by going through P-131317
always avoid Horace Mann House and go to Class of 1872 Gate .
go to the Wayland without going to the Lincoln Field Building .
avoid the Watson Center for Information Technology until you navigate to Class of 1872 Gate .
always pass Starbucks to get to level 1 .
always go through the University Hall and then to Minden Hall .
go to the Walter Hall and then go to the John Hay Library .
go to Lyman Hall passing through the Class of 1872 Gate .
go to Hughes Court , then up to Robinson Gate .
go to the Slavery Memorial without going to the Mencoff Hall
avoid Littlefield Hall until going to Sears .
from the Lot 17 , go to John Hay Library directly .
go to the Brown University Sciences Library and go down to the Brown Bear .
move to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go through the Marston Hall to the Prince Engineering Lab
go from The Ivy Room to Maddock Alumni  .
go up to the Lot 76 without going to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
stay away from the Minden Hall and go to Rockefeller Library .
head to the Van Wickle Gates avoiding Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
navigate to the John Carter Brown Library always avoiding the P-131317 .
go to Carrie Tower before going to 86 Waterman 
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology by first going through the Campus Market .
avoid the Sayles Hall on your way to Faunce House .
go through Brown University to the Walter Hall .
go to the Quiet Green through the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
navigate to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
move to the Faunce House .
avoid the first and 67 George and go to Lippit House .
always pass Untitled Lamp/Bear before John Hay Library .
go through War Memorial to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall through the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to the P-131317 by first going through Hegeman .
go to Gardner House while always avoiding the Mencoff Hall .
go to Lyman Hall .
navigate to the Class of 1872 Gate .
go from The Ivy Room to University Hall .
go through Rockefeller Library before going to the Friedman Hall .
go to the Citizen's Bank
navigate to the Wayland but do not pass through the Blue Room .
go to Sharpe Refectory .
go to the Prospect House via Brown University Sciences Library .
go to or through the Maxcy Hall always avoid going through the Mencoff Hall
move to Robinson Gate , but travel to the Faunce House first .
always avoid Alpha Chi Omega Sorority and go to Brown Bear .
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology without going to the University Hall .
go through the College Green to the Slavery Memorial .
go to Brown Bear while avoiding going through any other objects
go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate by first going through the Quiet Green .
avoid the John Carter Brown Library until you go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go through Rhode Island Hall to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
move to the Lot 17 avoiding Soldiers Memorial Gate if you got to the Lot 17 then you can continue to Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to Finlandia and avoid the J.W. Wilson .
go to the Starbucks while avoiding Kassar House
go to the College Green via the Maddock Alumni  .
go to the Rhode Island Hall before going to the Hope College
avoid the Idee di pietra and reach Maxcy Green
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity while avoiding Littlefield Hall
go through the Wayland to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
first move to Barus Building then navigate to the Hughes Court .
go to the Van Wickle Gates while avoiding Watson Center for Information Technology and the Watson Center for Information Technology
go to the Lot 17
remain on the Hughes Court and go directly to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to Lot 76 before going to the Horace Mann House .
navigate to the P-131317 , always avoiding the Faunce House .
go to Citizen's Bank while avoiding going through any other objects
go to Casey Shearer Memorial before navigating to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to the Class of 1872 Gate .
move towards John Carter Brown Library and then to Rockefeller Library .
avoid William Goddard Memorial Gate on your way to the Starbucks .
go through the John Hay Library to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to the Quiet Green through Urban Environmental Lab
always go through the Marcus Aurelius and then to Hegeman .
visit the Citizen's Bank then go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to the Prince Engineering Lab but avoid Faunce House if you reached to the Prince Engineering Lab then you can head to Faunce House or stay put .
go to the Maxcy Green without going to the Quiet Green . if you reached the Maxcy Green , now you can go to the Quiet Green .
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color while always avoiding Quiet Green
avoid the Sayles Hall
go to Simmons Quadrangle before going to University Hall
go to Class of 1872 Gate and always avoid the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop
stay on the Watson Center for Information Technology and go to Lippit House .
navigate to Maddock Alumni  .
go to the Robinson Gate and then go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go through the Wilbour Hall first , then go to the Mencoff Hall .
always avoid Starbucks and go to the Lippit House .
go through Sears before going to the Sharpe Refectory .
go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences avoiding Sharpe Refectory .
navigate to the J.W. Wilson before going to the Brown Bear .
go to the College Green through the Brown Bear
visit the Rhode Island Hall and then move to the Hegeman .
go to Watson Center for Information Technology through the Quiet Green .
navigate to Blue Room through the Minden Hall .
navigate to the Lippit House through the Watson Center for Information Technology .
always avoid the Circle Dance Sculpture , go to the Lyman Hall .
navigate to the BERT before going to Untitled Lamp/Bear .
avoid Salomon Center for Teaching and go to Lippit House .
head to the Slavery Memorial and then head to the Manning .
avoid BERT and go to Caswell Hall .
from the Walter Hall , navigate to the Brown University .
avoid the Sayles Hall and go to the Brown University . if you reached the Brown University then you may go to the Sayles Hall , or just stay on the Brown University .
robot , go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
avoid the first and P-131317 and go to Kassar House .
go to the Lippit House and then go to The Ivy Room .
avoid the Brown University until going to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
avoid the University Hall until after you 've gone to the Urban Environmental Lab .
stay on the Circle Dance Sculpture and go to Carrie Tower .
navigate to the Brown Bear through the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
avoid the Littlefield Hall until you go to the Class of 1872 Gate .
go to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to Arnold Laboratory through the Quiet Green .
move to Hegeman but avoid College Green .
go to the List Art Building while always avoiding the Watson Center for Information Technology
head to the Citizen's Bank avoiding Lippit House .
always avoid Prince Engineering Lab and go to Littlefield Hall .
go to the Sharpe Refectory
navigate to the University Hall .
avoid the BERT and go to the Robinson Gate .
navigate to the Carrie Tower .
avoid Norwood House until going to the Brown University Sciences Library .
go to Wayland and then to Saint Stephens Church
go to the Arnold Laboratory via Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to the Maxcy Green and then navigate to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to the 67 George through the Class of 1872 Gate .
always avoid the Casey Shearer Memorial and go to the Van Wickle Gates .
navigate directly to The Ivy Room .
go to Quiet Green before going to Lot 17 .
avoid the John Hay Library until reaching the Caswell Hall .
go to Class of 1872 Gate but do not first go through the Shirley Miller House .
always go through the Slavery Memorial and then to Carrie Tower .
navigate to the Metcalf Research Building through the Campus Market .
go to the Saint Stephens Church , then go to the Horace Mann House .
move to Sears and then proceed to the Slavery Memorial .
stay on the Untitled Lamp/Bear and go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to the Rhode Island Hall .
go to the Starbucks before you go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to Carrie Tower , but do not go to Wilbour Hall .
go through the Metcalf Research Building to Brown Bear .
navigate to the Finlandia but do n't ever go to Kassar House .
always avoid Prospect House while going to 67 George .
avoid Campus Market and go to Norwood House if you 've reached Norwood House then you can go to Campus Market .
go to the Rockefeller Library and if you have reached the Rockefeller Library you may proceed to the Littlefield Hall or stay in the Rockefeller Library .
go through The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ to the Maxcy Hall .
go to the Van Wickle Gates but do not go through the Simmons Quadrangle first .
stay on the Wayland and go to Maxcy Green .
avoid the Rockefeller Library as you go to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
avoid Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences and go to Lippit House .
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall , then navigate to the Idee di pietra .
always avoid Brown University and go to the John Hay Library .
go to 86 Waterman  through the Norwood House
go through the Kassar House to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go through Robinson Gate to the Rhode Island Hall .
avoid Littlefield Hall and go to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to the Barus Building while always avoiding the Maxcy Hall
avoid the Brown Bear and reach Campus Market
avoid the Simmons Quadrangle until going to the Caswell Hall .
avoid the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ until going to the Horace Mann House .
go to the Slavery Memorial .
always go from the Citizen's Bank to the Carrie Tower .
go to the Shirley Miller House and then go to the John Hay Library .
go to the Circle Dance Sculpture avoiding the Brown Bear . only if you reached the Circle Dance Sculpture then you may proceed to the Brown Bear .
go to the Saint Stephens Church
first go to Blue Room , then go to the Prospect House .
go through Alpha Chi Omega Sorority to Maddock Alumni  .
go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences first
go to the Walter Hall but avoid the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to the Citizen's Bank but avoid the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go through Saint Stephens Church to the Van Wickle Gates .
navigate to the Brown Bear always avoiding the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
avoid the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop on your way to Class of 1887 Gate .
go to the Walter Hall
go to Minden Hall without entering the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to the Blue Room through 86 Waterman  .
go to Mencoff Hall , before going to Lippit House .
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology through Manning .
go to the Wriston Quad through the Lot 17
go to Metcalf Research Building through Norwood House
stay away from the College Green and go to John Hay Library .
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ
go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
avoid the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity until going to the Lippit House .
go to the Wriston Quad or the Class of 1872 Gate only .
go to Lincoln Field Building before going to College Green .
avoid the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences and travel to the John Carter Brown Library .
go to the Faunce House and then go to the Medical Research Lab .
always go through the Metcalf Research Building and then to John Hay Library .
got to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity through the Saint Stephens Church .
proceed to Casey Shearer Memorial but avoid Metcalf Research Building on the way . if you have reached Casey Shearer Memorial then you can proceed to Metcalf Research Building .
navigate to the John Carter Brown Library .
go to Robinson Gate only through the Casey Shearer Memorial
first go to to Brown Bear then go to the J.W. Wilson .
go to Starbucks by going through Mencoff Hall
start on the Robinson Hall , go directly to the Metcalf Research Building .
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop via Mencoff Hall .
go from the Shirley Miller House to the Hope College
avoid the Manning and go to the Medical Research Lab .
go to the John Hay Library while avoiding Van Wickle Gates
stay on the Caswell Hall and go to P-131317 .
navigate to the Soldiers Memorial Gate and avoid College Green .
move to the Watson Center for Information Technology , travelling through the Littlefield Hall .
go to War Memorial but avoid J.W. Wilson .
avoid Manning until you go to Hope College .
go to the Hegeman while avoiding Simmons Quadrangle
go to Gardner House via the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to the Faunce House through Lincoln Field Building
avoid Citizen's Bank and go to the Hope College .
go to John Carter Brown Library and then to College Green
avoid University Hall and go to the J.W. Wilson .
go to the Caswell Hall and if you have reached the Caswell Hall you may proceed to the Van Wickle Gates or stay in the Caswell Hall .
avoiding the Wriston Quad , go to University Hall .
go to or through the Prospect House always avoid going to the Prospect House through Minden Hall
move to anywhere on the Robinson Hall , then move to anywhere on the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to the Lyman Hall before you go to William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to the Lyman Hall through the Brown University .
go to Brown University through the Walter Hall
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate then go to the Caswell Hall
move towards Swearer Center for Public Service and then to 67 George .
go to the Idee di pietra through the Lot 76
go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
avoid the War Memorial and go to the Caswell Hall .
always avoid Alpha Chi Omega Sorority and go to the Kassar House .
go to the Lyman Hall before you go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to the Barus Building avoiding Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to Casey Shearer Memorial and avoid the Minden Hall .
go to Barus Building
go to the Sears and then go directly to the Robinson Gate .
stay on the William Goddard Memorial Gate while going to the 86 Waterman  .
first go to Hope College , then go to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop while always avoiding the William Goddard Memorial Gate
always avoid the P-131317 and go to List Art Building .
go to or through the Wayland , but avoid going to the Wayland through the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences
go through the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall before going to the John Hay Library .
without stepping in the Lot 18 , go to P-131317 .
avoid the Hope College and reach J.W. Wilson
go through Lot 76 then go to Wayland .
go to Rockefeller Library always avoiding the Citizen's Bank .
pass through the Faunce House on your way to the John Carter Brown Library .
avoid the Lyman Hall until you go to the Blue Room .
go to the Casey Shearer Memorial , then go to Wayland .
navigate to Medical Research Lab then continue to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
avoid the Watson Center for Information Technology and go to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to the Maxcy Hall .
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color . if you reached the Brown Center for Students of Color then you may go to the Class of 1872 Gate .
go to Brown Bear after going to Metcalf Research Building .
go to Maxcy Green through the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop
visit the Horace Mann House and then move to the Shirley Miller House .
avoid Soldiers Memorial Gate and go to Wayland .
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ
go to the Campus Market and avoid Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to Wayland , but do not go to Quiet Green .
robot , go to the Blue Room .
navigate to Hegeman , always avoiding Lot 76 .
go through John Hay Library to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
navigate to John Carter Brown Library through the Brown Bear .
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop through the Lot 18 .
avoid Marcus Aurelius , and go to Carrie Tower .
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority whilst avoiding the Manning .
navigate to Marston Hall through the Arnold Laboratory .
go to or through the William Goddard Memorial Gate always avoid going to the William Goddard Memorial Gate through Sharpe Refectory
go through Marcus Aurelius before going to the Lot 18 .
go to the Carrie Tower before going to Lot 18
proceed to the Saint Stephens Church by going through the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
move to the Friedman Hall but go through William Goddard Memorial Gate first .
navigate to the Hope College .
proceed to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
always go through the Marcus Aurelius and then to John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to or through the BERT , but avoid going to the BERT through the Sharpe Refectory
go to the List Art Building through Salomon Center for Teaching
go to the Gardner House while avoiding Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology
proceed to the J.W. Wilson by going through the College Green .
go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences through Lot 76
