navigate to the Carrie Tower before you go to Alumnae Hall .
navigate to the Lot 18 before you go to Blue State Coffee .
navigate to the Second Time Around before you go to Littlefield Hall .
navigate to the Norwood House before you go to Hillel House .
navigate to the Soban before you go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
navigate to the New Pembroke 3 before you go to Maddock Alumni  .
navigate to the Hope College before you go to Salon Persia .
navigate to the Citizen's Bank before you go to 111 Brown Street North House .
navigate to the Hope College before you go to Granoff Center .
navigate to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority before you go to 164 Angel .
navigate to the Marston Hall before you go to Sidney Frank Hall .
navigate to the Sayles Hall before you go to Thayer and Cushing .
navigate to the Finlandia before you go to New Pembroke 3 .
navigate to the Lippit House before you go to Sidney Frank Hall .
navigate to the Pembroke Park before you go to Van Wickle Gates .
navigate to the Gardner House before you go to Spiritus Fermenti .
navigate to the The Ivy Room before you go to Verney-Woolley Hall .
navigate to the Wayland before you go to Soban .
navigate to the Hillel House before you go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
navigate to the New Pembroke 2 before you go to Lincoln Field Building .
navigate to the Brown University Bookstore before you go to Brown University Sciences Library .
navigate to the Emery & Wooley before you go to 67 George .
navigate to the Emery & Wooley before you go to John Nicholas Brown Gate .
navigate to the J.W. Wilson before you go to Emery Hall .
navigate to the Spiritus Fermenti before you go to Hope College .
navigate to the Pleasant Surprises before you go to Shirley Miller House .
navigate to the Blue Room before you go to Andrews Terrace .
navigate to the Lyman Hall before you go to Sharpe House .
navigate to the Miller Hall before you go to William Goddard Memorial Gate .
navigate to the Salomon Center for Teaching before you go to Granoff Center .
navigate to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences before you go to Sidney Frank Hall .
navigate to the Hegeman before you go to Meeting Street Cafe .
navigate to the Sidney Frank Hall before you go to J.W. Wilson .
navigate to the Sidney Frank Hall before you go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
navigate to the The Ivy Room before you go to Champlin Hall .
navigate to the Prospect House before you go to Thayer and Cushing .
navigate to the Sidney Frank Hall before you go to Mencoff Hall .
navigate to the 111 Brown Street North House before you go to Idee di pietra .
navigate to the New Pembroke 3 before you go to Blue Room .
navigate to the The Ivy Room before you go to Peter Green House .
navigate to the Peter Green House before you go to 67 George .
navigate to the Smith Buonanno Hall before you go to Walter Hall .
navigate to the Second Time Around before you go to Hughes Court .
navigate to the Sharpe House before you go to Prospect House .
navigate to the Quiet Green before you go to New Pembroke 1 .
navigate to the Lincoln Field Building before you go to Emery Hall .
navigate to the Miller Hall before you go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
navigate to the Campus Market before you go to Thayer and Cushing .
navigate to the Quiet Green before you go to 111 Brown Street North House .
navigate to the Medical Research Lab before you go to Soban .
navigate to the Carrie Tower before you go to 164 Angel .
navigate to the Class of 1887 Gate before you go to Blue State Coffee .
navigate to the Emery & Wooley before you go to Brown Bear .
navigate to the Supercuts before you go to Brown University .
navigate to the Slavery Memorial before you go to 164 Angel .
navigate to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate before you go to CVS .
navigate to the War Memorial before you go to 111 Brown Street North House .
navigate to the Blue State Coffee before you go to Simmons Quadrangle .
navigate to the 219 Bowen before you go to List Art Building .
navigate to the Granoff Center before you go to Urban Environmental Lab .
head to Brown University Bookstore after going to the Maxcy Hall .
head to Manning after going to the Alumnae Hall .
head to Sharpe House after going to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
head to John Hay Library after going to the Pembroke Park .
head to Miller Hall after going to the Metcalf Research Building .
head to Van Wickle Gates after going to the Hillel House .
head to Littlefield Hall after going to the Andrews Terrace .
head to Shirley Miller House after going to the Berk's;Shanghai .
head to Biomedical Center after going to the Kassar House .
head to Soldiers Memorial Gate after going to the Andrews Terrace .
head to Supercuts after going to the Maddock Alumni  .
head to Littlefield Hall after going to the Supercuts .
head to Andrews Terrace after going to the Van Wickle Gates .
head to Rockefeller Library after going to the New Pembroke 3 .
head to The Ivy Room after going to the 219 Bowen .
head to Sidney Frank Hall after going to the Robinson Gate .
head to Berk's;Shanghai after going to the University Hall .
head to Lot 18 after going to the CVS .
head to Saint Stephens Church after going to the Second Time Around .
head to Wilbour Hall after going to the Facing Thayer .
head to Faunce House after going to the Thayer and Meeting .
head to Wayland after going to the Andreas .
head to The Ivy Room after going to the Granoff Center .
head to Lincoln Field Building after going to the Emery & Wooley .
head to John Nicholas Brown Gate after going to the Andrews Terrace .
head to Pembroke Hall after going to the P-131317 .
head to Sharpe House after going to the Minden Hall .
head to Sharpe House after going to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
head to Meeting Street Cafe after going to the Walter Hall .
head to Metcalf Hall after going to the Sharpe Refectory .
head to Pembroke Hall after going to the Metcalf Research Building .
head to 111 Brown Street North House after going to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
head to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ after going to the Meeting Street Cafe .
head to Supercuts after going to the Lippit House .
head to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate after going to the Berk's;Shanghai .
head to Carrie Tower after going to the Second Time Around .
head to Kassar House after going to the CVS .
head to Simmons Quadrangle after going to the Biomedical Center .
head to John Carter Brown Library after going to the Pleasant Surprises .
head to Brown University after going to the Supercuts .
head to Thayer and Cushing after going to the College Green .
head to Facing Thayer after going to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
head to Shirley Miller House after going to the Morriss Hall .
head to Hope College after going to the 111 Brown Street North House .
head to Prince Engineering Lab after going to the 164 Angel .
head to East Side Station Post Office after going to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
head to Citizen's Bank after going to the Blue State Coffee .
head to Alumnae Hall after going to the Brown Bear .
head to William Goddard Memorial Gate after going to the Emery & Wooley .
head to Lippit House after going to the Emery & Wooley .
head to Brown University after going to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
head to John Hay Library after going to the Sidney Frank Hall .
head to CVS after going to the Hughes Court .
head to New Pembroke 2 after going to the Prince Engineering Lab .
head to Miller Hall after going to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
head to Sidney Frank Hall after going to the List Art Building .
navigate to Faunce House through the Miller Hall .
navigate to Sidney Frank Hall through the Sears .
navigate to Caswell Hall through the Sidney Frank Hall .
navigate to 219 Bowen through the Kassar House .
navigate to Lippit House through the Metcalf Hall .
navigate to Granoff Center through the Watson Center for Information Technology .
navigate to Horace Mann House through the Andrews Hall .
navigate to Manning through the College Hill Bookstore .
navigate to Class of 1872 Gate through the Hillel House .
navigate to Sears through the New Pembroke 2 .
navigate to Gardner House through the Sidney Frank Hall .
navigate to Metcalf Hall through the Quiet Green .
navigate to Metcalf Hall through the Maddock Alumni  .
navigate to Blue State Coffee through the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
navigate to Swearer Center for Public Service through the College Hill Bookstore .
navigate to Pleasant Surprises through the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
navigate to Blue State Coffee through the Lippit House .
navigate to Hillel House through the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
navigate to 111 Brown Street North House through the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
navigate to Emery Hall through the Maddock Alumni  .
navigate to Blue State Coffee through the Maxcy Hall .
navigate to Morriss Hall through the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
navigate to Horace Mann House through the 219 Bowen .
navigate to 86 Waterman  through the 164 Angel .
navigate to Peter Green House through the Manning .
navigate to Idee di pietra through the New Pembroke 1 .
navigate to New Pembroke 1 through the Slavery Memorial .
navigate to Miller Hall through the Watson Center for Information Technology .
navigate to Andreas through the Circle Dance Sculpture .
navigate to Salomon Center for Teaching through the Granoff Center .
navigate to New Pembroke 3 through the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
navigate to West House through the Faunce House .
navigate to Quiet Green through the Second Time Around .
navigate to Emery Hall through the John Carter Brown Library .
navigate to Campus Market through the Verney-Woolley Hall .
navigate to Champlin Hall through the University Hall .
navigate to Robinson Gate through the Blue State Coffee .
navigate to Andreas through the BERT .
navigate to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop through the Brown University Bookstore .
navigate to Pleasant Surprises through the Wayland .
navigate to Andrews Terrace through the Prospect House .
navigate to BERT through the Berk's;Shanghai .
navigate to Peter Green House through the Brown Bear .
navigate to Emery & Wooley through the Hughes Court .
navigate to Barus Building through the 164 Angel .
navigate to Emery & Wooley through the Robinson Gate .
navigate to Slater Hall through the College Hill Bookstore .
navigate to Spiritus Fermenti through the BERT .
navigate to New Pembroke 2 through the Saint Stephens Church .
navigate to West House through the Hughes Court .
navigate to Finlandia through the Andreas .
navigate to Peter Green House through the Littlefield Hall .
navigate to CVS through the Brown University .
navigate to John Hay Library through the New Pembroke 3 .
navigate to Sayles Hall through the New Pembroke 3 .
always go through the East Side Station Post Office and then to Manning .
always go through the New Pembroke 3 and then to Marcus Aurelius .
always go through the Minden Hall and then to New Pembroke 3 .
always go through the Minden Hall and then to Peter Green House .
always go through the Brown University Sciences Library and then to College Hill Bookstore .
always go through the Facing Thayer and then to Sayles Hall .
always go through the Pleasant Surprises and then to Robinson Gate .
always go through the The Ivy Room and then to Verney-Woolley Hall .
always go through the Hillel House and then to Brown Bear .
always go through the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity and then to New Pembroke 3 .
always go through the Blue Room and then to New Pembroke 3 .
always go through the Smith Buonanno Hall and then to Gardner House .
always go through the Brown Bear and then to Facing Thayer .
always go through the Champlin Hall and then to Brown Center for Students of Color .
always go through the Andrews Terrace and then to BERT .
always go through the 86 Waterman  and then to 219 Bowen .
always go through the Hillel House and then to Hegeman .
always go through the Pleasant Surprises and then to Van Wickle Gates .
always go through the Prospect House and then to Brown University Bookstore .
always go through the Blue State Coffee and then to War Memorial .
always go through the Littlefield Hall and then to Peter Green House .
always go through the BERT and then to Salon Persia .
always go through the Minden Hall and then to New Pembroke 1 .
always go through the Prince Engineering Lab and then to Soban .
always go through the Salon Persia and then to Saint Stephens Church .
always go through the Wayland and then to Morriss Hall .
always go through the 164 Angel and then to University Hall .
always go through the Hughes Court and then to Supercuts .
always go through the 67 George and then to Soban .
always go through the List Art Building and then to Thayer and Cushing .
always go through the Brown Bear and then to Meeting Street Cafe .
always go through the Lincoln Field Building and then to Blue State Coffee .
always go through the Blue State Coffee and then to Metcalf Research Building .
always go through the Idee di pietra and then to Andrews Hall .
always go through the Lot 76 and then to New Pembroke 3 .
always go through the Berk's;Shanghai and then to Lot 17 .
always go through the Hegeman and then to Alumnae Hall .
always go through the Prospect House and then to Thayer and Cushing .
always go through the Circle Dance Sculpture and then to Biomedical Center .
always go through the Sidney Frank Hall and then to Mencoff Hall .
always go through the Rockefeller Library and then to Sidney Frank Hall .
always go through the Wilbour Hall and then to Thayer and Cushing .
always go through the Second Time Around and then to List Art Building .
always go through the Champlin Hall and then to Urban Environmental Lab .
always go through the Brown University and then to Thayer and Meeting .
always go through the Idee di pietra and then to 111 Brown Street North House .
always go through the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall and then to Thayer and Cushing .
always go through the Thayer and Cushing and then to Lot 76 .
always go through the Salon Persia and then to Idee di pietra .
always go through the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority and then to J. R. Workman Garden .
always go through the CVS and then to Faunce House .
always go through the Marston Hall and then to Smith Buonanno Hall .
always go through the Andrews Terrace and then to Metcalf Research Building .
always go through the Lot 17 and then to Emery & Wooley .
always go through the Salon Persia and then to Robinson Hall .
always go through the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority and then to Meeting Street Cafe .
go through the CVS to Prince Engineering Lab .
go through the Casey Shearer Memorial to Miller Hall .
go through the Pleasant Surprises to 67 George .
go through the Granoff Center to John Hay Library .
go through the Citizen's Bank to Facing Thayer .
go through the Soban to Norwood House .
go through the Sayles Hall to Biomedical Center .
go through the Granoff Center to Friedman Hall .
go through the Sidney Frank Hall to Marston Hall .
go through the 67 George to Blue State Coffee .
go through the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority to Pembroke Hall .
go through the Sharpe House to University Hall .
go through the Verney-Woolley Hall to Medical Research Lab .
go through the John Nicholas Brown Gate to 111 Brown Street North House .
go through the Salon Persia to Brown University .
go through the Peter Green House to Brown University Sciences Library .
go through the Wayland to Smith Buonanno Hall .
go through the Brown University Bookstore to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go through the Brown University Bookstore to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go through the Brown Center for Students of Color to Soban .
go through the Horace Mann House to New Pembroke 2 .
go through the Emery & Wooley to Arnold Laboratory .
go through the Mencoff Hall to Miller Hall .
go through the Shirley Miller House to Blue State Coffee .
go through the John Hay Library to Sidney Frank Hall .
go through the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate to Alumnae Hall .
go through the Second Time Around to Lot 76 .
go through the Van Wickle Gates to Thayer and Cushing .
go through the College Green to 219 Bowen .
go through the Thayer and Meeting to Medical Research Lab .
go through the Hillel House to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go through the Andrews Terrace to William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go through the Champlin Hall to Maxcy Green .
go through the Soban to 86 Waterman  .
go through the Prince Engineering Lab to Hillel House .
go through the War Memorial to New Pembroke 3 .
go through the Kassar House to Blue State Coffee .
go through the J. R. Workman Garden to Blue Room .
go through the Verney-Woolley Hall to Horace Mann House .
go through the Horace Mann House to J. R. Workman Garden .
go through the Emery Hall to Robinson Hall .
go through the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ to J. R. Workman Garden .
go through the Friedman Hall to Granoff Center .
go through the New Pembroke 1 to Hope College .
go through the Blue State Coffee to Wilbour Hall .
go through the 164 Angel to Swearer Center for Public Service .
go through the 67 George to College Hill Bookstore .
go through the Prince Engineering Lab to Andrews Terrace .
go through the Circle Dance Sculpture to Avon Cinema .
go through the College Green to Andreas .
go through the Quiet Green to Smith Buonanno Hall .
go through the BERT to New Pembroke 1 .
go through the Norwood House to Spiritus Fermenti .
go through the 219 Bowen to Prospect House .
go through the Salon Persia to Van Wickle Gates .
go through the Horace Mann House to New Pembroke 2 .
go through the Soldiers Memorial Gate to West House .
go through the Blue State Coffee to Wayland .
go through the 111 Brown Street North House to Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Citizen's Bank , then go to Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to the 111 Brown Street North House , then go to Class of 1872 Gate .
go to the Metcalf Hall , then go to Hope College .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall , then go to War Memorial .
go to the 164 Angel , then go to Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to the East Side Station Post Office , then go to Finlandia .
go to the Wilbour Hall , then go to Pembroke Hall .
go to the Smith Buonanno Hall , then go to 67 George .
go to the Avon Cinema , then go to Prospect House .
go to the List Art Building , then go to Pleasant Surprises .
go to the Quiet Green , then go to West House .
go to the Lot 76 , then go to Spiritus Fermenti .
go to the Horace Mann House , then go to New Pembroke 4 .
go to the Prospect House , then go to Pembroke Park .
go to the Circle Dance Sculpture , then go to Emery Hall .
go to the Sharpe House , then go to Maxcy Green .
go to the Peter Green House , then go to Walter Hall .
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop , then go to Supercuts .
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop , then go to New Pembroke 1 .
go to the Metcalf Hall , then go to Wayland .
go to the New Pembroke 2 , then go to Brown Bear .
go to the Andreas , then go to Rhode Island Hall .
go to the Robinson Gate , then go to Brown University Bookstore .
go to the Maddock Alumni  , then go to New Pembroke 1 .
go to the Peter Green House , then go to Minden Hall .
go to the West House , then go to Prince Engineering Lab .
go to the Spiritus Fermenti , then go to Lot 18 .
go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology , then go to New Pembroke 1 .
go to the College Hill Bookstore , then go to Sears .
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop , then go to Avon Cinema .
go to the New Pembroke 2 , then go to Maxcy Green .
go to the Hillel House , then go to Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Van Wickle Gates , then go to Pembroke Park .
go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building , then go to Gardner House .
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology , then go to Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to the Carrie Tower , then go to Miller Hall .
go to the Thayer and Meeting , then go to Simmons Quadrangle .
go to the Slavery Memorial , then go to J. R. Workman Garden .
go to the Second Time Around , then go to Brown University .
go to the Thayer and Cushing , then go to War Memorial .
go to the 164 Angel , then go to Prospect House .
go to the Thayer and Meeting , then go to BERT .
go to the Simmons Quadrangle , then go to Second Time Around .
go to the Smith Buonanno Hall , then go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to the 67 George , then go to Sharpe House .
go to the Lyman Hall , then go to Peter Green House .
go to the Andreas , then go to Barus Building .
go to the Sharpe House , then go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to the Arnold Laboratory , then go to Pleasant Surprises .
go to the Marcus Aurelius , then go to New Pembroke 3 .
go to the Facing Thayer , then go to Sharpe Refectory .
go to the Emery & Wooley , then go to J.W. Wilson .
go to the Kassar House , then go to Pembroke Park .
go to the Sharpe House , then go to John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall , then go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to the Rhode Island Hall , then go to New Pembroke 2 .
go to the Blue Room , then go to Emery & Wooley .
go to the Emery & Wooley , then go to John Carter Brown Library .
navigate to Friedman Hall through the Pleasant Surprises .
navigate to Brown University Bookstore through the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
navigate to Urban Environmental Lab through the West House .
navigate to Wayland through the Peter Green House .
navigate to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building through the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
navigate to Miller Hall through the Citizen's Bank .
navigate to Metcalf Research Building through the Blue State Coffee .
navigate to Soban through the Urban Environmental Lab .
navigate to Sidney Frank Hall through the Marston Hall .
navigate to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop through the Andreas .
navigate to Sidney Frank Hall through the John Hay Library .
navigate to Facing Thayer through the Van Wickle Gates .
navigate to Lot 18 through the Soban .
navigate to Morriss Hall through the Barus Building .
navigate to New Pembroke 1 through the Brown Center for Students of Color .
navigate to Maxcy Hall through the 164 Angel .
navigate to Biomedical Center through the Maxcy Green .
navigate to New Pembroke 4 through the Hughes Court .
navigate to Peter Green House through the Horace Mann House .
navigate to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall through the Andreas .
navigate to Medical Research Lab through the Hillel House .
navigate to Quiet Green through the Smith Buonanno Hall .
navigate to Emery & Wooley through the Mencoff Hall .
navigate to Thayer and Meeting through the Starbucks .
navigate to Rhode Island Hall through the 219 Bowen .
navigate to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop through the Hillel House .
navigate to Hillel House through the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
navigate to Hughes Court through the Brown University Bookstore .
navigate to Marston Hall through the New Pembroke 1 .
navigate to Prince Engineering Lab through the Thayer and Cushing .
navigate to East Side Station Post Office through the BERT .
navigate to Spiritus Fermenti through the Brown Center for Students of Color .
navigate to List Art Building through the Miller Hall .
navigate to Shirley Miller House through the Meeting Street Cafe .
navigate to New Pembroke 3 through the Marston Hall .
navigate to Supercuts through the List Art Building .
navigate to Rhode Island Hall through the East Side Station Post Office .
navigate to Maxcy Hall through the Soban .
navigate to Faunce House through the CVS .
navigate to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall through the Miller Hall .
navigate to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology through the Meeting Street Cafe .
navigate to Arnold Laboratory through the Andrews Terrace .
navigate to Horace Mann House through the Hillel House .
navigate to Salomon Center for Teaching through the Meeting Street Cafe .
navigate to Van Wickle Gates through the Meeting Street Cafe .
navigate to Swearer Center for Public Service through the New Pembroke 4 .
navigate to Untitled Lamp/Bear through the Brown University Bookstore .
navigate to Sidney Frank Hall through the Rockefeller Library .
navigate to Alumnae Hall through the P-131317 .
navigate to West House through the Sears .
navigate to Soldiers Memorial Gate through the Andrews Hall .
go to Hope College through the Thayer and Cushing
go to Simmons Quadrangle through the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building
go to Soban through the Caswell Hall
go to 219 Bowen through the Barus Building
go to Thayer and Cushing through the Lot 18
go to Spiritus Fermenti through the John Hay Library
go to Brown Center for Students of Color through the West House
go to Robinson Hall through the Supercuts
go to Biomedical Center through the Brown Center for Students of Color
go to Sharpe Refectory through the Sharpe House
go to Finlandia through the 164 Angel
go to Starbucks through the West House
go to Biomedical Center through the Casey Shearer Memorial
go to Meeting Street Cafe through the Caswell Hall
go to New Pembroke 1 through the Hope College
go to John Hay Library through the Verney-Woolley Hall
go to Morriss Hall through the William Goddard Memorial Gate
go to Blue Room through the Smith Buonanno Hall
go to Finlandia through the CVS
go to West House through the Sharpe Refectory
go to Andrews Terrace through the List Art Building
go to Salon Persia through the Soldiers Memorial Gate
go to Andrews Hall through the Littlefield Hall
go to Manning through the CVS
go to Smith Buonanno Hall through the Prospect House
go to Brown University Bookstore through the Campus Market
go to New Pembroke 2 through the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ
go to Circle Dance Sculpture through the New Pembroke 1
go to John Hay Library through the Emery Hall
go to Prospect House through the Second Time Around
go to College Hill Bookstore through the Sharpe Refectory
go to Sidney Frank Hall through the Maxcy Hall
go to Van Wickle Gates through the Champlin Hall
go to 67 George through the Smith Buonanno Hall
go to Andrews Hall through the William Goddard Memorial Gate
go to Sidney Frank Hall through the Simmons Quadrangle
go to Blue State Coffee through the Maxcy Hall
go to New Pembroke 4 through the Littlefield Hall
go to Gardner House through the Supercuts
go to Salomon Center for Teaching through the Brown University Bookstore
go to Thayer and Meeting through the Marston Hall
go to P-131317 through the Hillel House
go to Meeting Street Cafe through the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop
go to Andreas through the Friedman Hall
go to Simmons Quadrangle through the Biomedical Center
go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences through the Pembroke Park
go to College Hill Bookstore through the Maddock Alumni 
go to Van Wickle Gates through the Metcalf Hall
go to Sidney Frank Hall through the Sharpe Refectory
go to 111 Brown Street North House through the Prospect House
go to Soldiers Memorial Gate through the 111 Brown Street North House
go to William Goddard Memorial Gate through the Salon Persia
go to Maxcy Hall through the Sharpe House
go to Andrews Hall through the 67 George
go to College Hill Bookstore through the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate
go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ through the CVS
go to Friedman Hall through the Andrews Hall
go to New Pembroke 2 through the Brown Bear
go to Wilbour Hall through the Avon Cinema .
go to Emery Hall through the Hegeman .
go to Thayer and Cushing through the Barus Building .
go to Soban through the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to Minden Hall through the Thayer and Meeting .
go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall through the Granoff Center .
go to Wilbour Hall through the Meeting Street Cafe .
go to Lincoln Field Building through the Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to New Pembroke 2 through the Hegeman .
go to New Pembroke 2 through the Carrie Tower .
go to Emery & Wooley through the Medical Research Lab .
go to Peter Green House through the BERT .
go to West House through the Urban Environmental Lab .
go to Meeting Street Cafe through the Van Wickle Gates .
go to Finlandia through the 111 Brown Street North House .
go to Alumnae Hall through the Minden Hall .
go to Class of 1887 Gate through the College Hill Bookstore .
go to Idee di pietra through the East Side Station Post Office .
go to Friedman Hall through the Thayer and Meeting .
go to Supercuts through the Simmons Quadrangle .
go to Kassar House through the 219 Bowen .
go to Peter Green House through the Horace Mann House .
go to Casey Shearer Memorial through the East Side Station Post Office .
go to P-131317 through the Andrews Hall .
go to Quiet Green through the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to Morriss Hall through the Van Wickle Gates .
go to Minden Hall through the West House .
go to East Side Station Post Office through the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to William Goddard Memorial Gate through the West House .
go to List Art Building through the West House .
go to Wayland through the Miller Hall .
go to Andreas through the Medical Research Lab .
go to Miller Hall through the Lot 17 .
go to Metcalf Research Building through the Hillel House .
go to BERT through the Pembroke Hall .
go to Miller Hall through the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to 219 Bowen through the Starbucks .
go to Quiet Green through the Biomedical Center .
go to Emery Hall through the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to Hope College through the Spiritus Fermenti .
go to Blue State Coffee through the Robinson Gate .
go to Andrews Terrace through the Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to Granoff Center through the Manning .
go to Thayer and Cushing through the Van Wickle Gates .
go to Brown University Sciences Library through the Metcalf Hall .
go to Soban through the Class of 1872 Gate .
go to New Pembroke 4 through the Marcus Aurelius .
go to Metcalf Hall through the P-131317 .
go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall through the Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to Hughes Court through the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
navigate to the Facing Thayer then continue to Campus Market .
navigate to the West House then continue to Lippit House .
navigate to the P-131317 then continue to Emery Hall .
navigate to the East Side Station Post Office then continue to Lippit House .
navigate to the Gardner House then continue to Pembroke Hall .
navigate to the Slavery Memorial then continue to Smith Buonanno Hall .
navigate to the Lippit House then continue to Salon Persia .
navigate to the Shirley Miller House then continue to Emery Hall .
navigate to the Rockefeller Library then continue to Emery & Wooley .
navigate to the 111 Brown Street North House then continue to John Nicholas Brown Gate .
navigate to the Saint Stephens Church then continue to Thayer and Cushing .
navigate to the J.W. Wilson then continue to 164 Angel .
navigate to the Slater Hall then continue to Salon Persia .
navigate to the Littlefield Hall then continue to Facing Thayer .
navigate to the Shirley Miller House then continue to Morriss Hall .
navigate to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building then continue to Lippit House .
navigate to the East Side Station Post Office then continue to Idee di pietra .
navigate to the Quiet Green then continue to Pembroke Park .
navigate to the Robinson Hall then continue to Pleasant Surprises .
navigate to the Citizen's Bank then continue to Morriss Hall .
navigate to the New Pembroke 3 then continue to Wriston Quad .
navigate to the Kassar House then continue to Sharpe House .
navigate to the West House then continue to Slater Hall .
navigate to the Alumnae Hall then continue to Rhode Island Hall .
navigate to the Brown University Bookstore then continue to John Hay Library .
navigate to the Thayer and Cushing then continue to Salomon Center for Teaching .
navigate to the New Pembroke 3 then continue to The Ivy Room .
navigate to the Brown University Bookstore then continue to Van Wickle Gates .
navigate to the John Carter Brown Library then continue to Sharpe House .
navigate to the Urban Environmental Lab then continue to Spiritus Fermenti .
navigate to the Miller Hall then continue to Friedman Hall .
navigate to the Untitled Lamp/Bear then continue to Verney-Woolley Hall .
navigate to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity then continue to West House .
navigate to the Circle Dance Sculpture then continue to Smith Buonanno Hall .
navigate to the Lot 17 then continue to East Side Station Post Office .
navigate to the New Pembroke 2 then continue to Watson Center for Information Technology .
navigate to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology then continue to 111 Brown Street North House .
navigate to the Granoff Center then continue to Kassar House .
navigate to the Lyman Hall then continue to Miller Hall .
navigate to the Sidney Frank Hall then continue to Arnold Laboratory .
navigate to the Morriss Hall then continue to Mencoff Hall .
navigate to the Biomedical Center then continue to Campus Market .
navigate to the Pleasant Surprises then continue to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
navigate to the Andreas then continue to Maxcy Hall .
navigate to the The Ivy Room then continue to Hillel House .
navigate to the Soban then continue to Simmons Quadrangle .
navigate to the Blue State Coffee then continue to Prospect House .
navigate to the Emery & Wooley then continue to Marston Hall .
navigate to the Miller Hall then continue to John Hay Library .
navigate to the New Pembroke 2 then continue to Swearer Center for Public Service .
navigate to the Lippit House then continue to Blue State Coffee .
navigate to the West House then continue to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
navigate to the Alumnae Hall then continue to Gardner House .
navigate to the Pembroke Park then continue to Faunce House .
navigate to the Sidney Frank Hall then continue to Idee di pietra .
navigate to the Prince Engineering Lab then continue to 164 Angel .
navigate to the Andrews Hall then continue to College Green .
navigate to the Sidney Frank Hall then continue to Brown University .
navigate to the Van Wickle Gates then continue to Thayer and Cushing .
navigate to the Sears then continue to Sidney Frank Hall .
go through the Sidney Frank Hall to BERT .
go through the Pembroke Hall to Brown Center for Students of Color .
go through the Salomon Center for Teaching to Salon Persia .
go through the Miller Hall to Minden Hall .
go through the Maddock Alumni  to Berk's;Shanghai .
go through the Sidney Frank Hall to Kassar House .
go through the Lincoln Field Building to College Hill Bookstore .
go through the Supercuts to Barus Building .
go through the East Side Station Post Office to Maxcy Green .
go through the Sharpe House to Caswell Hall .
go through the CVS to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go through the Marcus Aurelius to Andrews Hall .
go through the Prospect House to New Pembroke 3 .
go through the Soban to Sayles Hall .
go through the Andrews Hall to Barus Building .
go through the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity to Hillel House .
go through the Finlandia to Hillel House .
go through the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority to 219 Bowen .
go through the Soban to Marston Hall .
go through the Class of 1887 Gate to Thayer and Cushing .
go through the Robinson Gate to J. R. Workman Garden .
go through the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building to Medical Research Lab .
go through the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building to Slavery Memorial .
go through the Citizen's Bank to Meeting Street Cafe .
go through the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology to 111 Brown Street North House .
go through the Manning to J. R. Workman Garden .
go through the Campus Market to Andreas .
go through the Lot 17 to West House .
go through the Emery & Wooley to Idee di pietra .
go through the West House to Citizen's Bank .
go through the BERT to Sidney Frank Hall .
go through the Lot 76 to Thayer and Meeting .
go through the New Pembroke 3 to Kassar House .
go through the Marston Hall to Salon Persia .
go through the Wayland to Peter Green House .
go through the Alumnae Hall to Hope College .
go through the Horace Mann House to Brown University Bookstore .
go through the Facing Thayer to P-131317 .
go through the Metcalf Research Building to Emery Hall .
go through the Simmons Quadrangle to 111 Brown Street North House .
go through the Supercuts to War Memorial .
go through the Medical Research Lab to Andrews Hall .
go through the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go through the Lot 76 to Champlin Hall .
go through the Blue State Coffee to Medical Research Lab .
go through the Andrews Terrace to Class of 1872 Gate .
go through the Maxcy Hall to New Pembroke 3 .
go through the Spiritus Fermenti to Class of 1887 Gate .
go through the War Memorial to Berk's;Shanghai .
go through the Pembroke Park to Lincoln Field Building .
go through the Brown University Bookstore to Brown Bear .
go to the Blue State Coffee , then proceed to Blue Room .
go to the Metcalf Research Building , then proceed to Thayer and Meeting .
go to the Lot 76 , then proceed to Peter Green House .
go to the Hegeman , then proceed to 219 Bowen .
go to the Arnold Laboratory , then proceed to CVS .
go to the Emery Hall , then proceed to Class of 1887 Gate .
go to the Berk's;Shanghai , then proceed to William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to the BERT , then proceed to Andrews Terrace .
go to the Avon Cinema , then proceed to Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to the Norwood House , then proceed to Facing Thayer .
go to the Emery & Wooley , then proceed to Brown Bear .
go to the Brown University Sciences Library , then proceed to Sharpe House .
go to the Brown University , then proceed to Spiritus Fermenti .
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate , then proceed to Meeting Street Cafe .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall , then proceed to Mencoff Hall .
go to the 86 Waterman  , then proceed to Pembroke Hall .
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall , then proceed to Hughes Court .
go to the Emery Hall , then proceed to BERT .
go to the Hughes Court , then proceed to New Pembroke 1 .
go to the Peter Green House , then proceed to The Ivy Room .
go to the Lot 18 , then proceed to New Pembroke 1 .
go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear , then proceed to Sharpe House .
go to the Alumnae Hall , then proceed to Idee di pietra .
go to the Morriss Hall , then proceed to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to the College Hill Bookstore , then proceed to Class of 1887 Gate .
go to the Lot 17 , then proceed to Emery & Wooley .
go to the Peter Green House , then proceed to Arnold Laboratory .
go to the Marcus Aurelius , then proceed to Second Time Around .
go to the College Hill Bookstore , then proceed to John Hay Library .
go to the Prince Engineering Lab , then proceed to West House .
go to the Peter Green House , then proceed to Friedman Hall .
go to the Second Time Around , then proceed to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to the 219 Bowen , then proceed to The Ivy Room .
go to the Avon Cinema , then proceed to Finlandia .
go to the Faunce House , then proceed to 111 Brown Street North House .
go to the Thayer and Cushing , then proceed to Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Second Time Around , then proceed to Marcus Aurelius .
go to the New Pembroke 1 , then proceed to BERT .
go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate , then proceed to West House .
go to the College Hill Bookstore , then proceed to Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to the John Carter Brown Library , then proceed to Emery & Wooley .
go to the List Art Building , then proceed to Facing Thayer .
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ , then proceed to Salon Persia .
go to the Blue State Coffee , then proceed to Hegeman .
go to the Meeting Street Cafe , then proceed to The Ivy Room .
go to the 86 Waterman  , then proceed to J. R. Workman Garden .
go to the Idee di pietra , then proceed to CVS .
go to the Salon Persia , then proceed to Maxcy Green .
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop , then proceed to Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to the Berk's;Shanghai , then proceed to Manning .
go to the Andrews Hall , then proceed to Quiet Green .
go to the Caswell Hall , then proceed to College Hill Bookstore .
go to the Thayer and Cushing , then proceed to Maxcy Green .
go to the Rhode Island Hall , then proceed to Second Time Around .
go to the Meeting Street Cafe , then proceed to University Hall .
go to the Miller Hall , then proceed to Lot 76 .
go to the Prince Engineering Lab , then proceed to Meeting Street Cafe .
go to the Sharpe House , then proceed to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to the Hope College , then proceed to Pembroke Hall .
go to the Norwood House before you go to CVS .
go to the Marston Hall before you go to Emery & Wooley .
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology before you go to Hillel House .
go to the Blue Room before you go to Alumnae Hall .
go to the East Side Station Post Office before you go to Kassar House .
go to the Andreas before you go to BERT .
go to the Avon Cinema before you go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall before you go to Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to the Facing Thayer before you go to Lincoln Field Building .
go to the Supercuts before you go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall before you go to Sharpe House .
go to the 86 Waterman  before you go to Sharpe House .
go to the Campus Market before you go to Pembroke Park .
go to the Quiet Green before you go to West House .
go to the Maddock Alumni  before you go to Biomedical Center .
go to the Metcalf Hall before you go to Medical Research Lab .
go to the Pembroke Hall before you go to Maxcy Hall .
go to the Hughes Court before you go to CVS .
go to the Berk's;Shanghai before you go to Caswell Hall .
go to the Rockefeller Library before you go to Peter Green House .
go to the 111 Brown Street North House before you go to Marcus Aurelius .
go to the Metcalf Hall before you go to Kassar House .
go to the Lippit House before you go to 219 Bowen .
go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate before you go to Metcalf Hall .
go to the Circle Dance Sculpture before you go to Brown University Bookstore .
go to the Lyman Hall before you go to Pleasant Surprises .
go to the J. R. Workman Garden before you go to Prospect House .
go to the Shirley Miller House before you go to East Side Station Post Office .
go to the Granoff Center before you go to Hope College .
go to the BERT before you go to Metcalf Hall .
go to the Sharpe House before you go to Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to the Biomedical Center before you go to Sayles Hall .
go to the Avon Cinema before you go to Robinson Hall .
go to the Wriston Quad before you go to New Pembroke 1 .
go to the Citizen's Bank before you go to Meeting Street Cafe .
go to the Andrews Terrace before you go to Lincoln Field Building .
go to the Blue State Coffee before you go to Brown University .
go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear before you go to Andreas .
go to the Second Time Around before you go to Van Wickle Gates .
go to the 219 Bowen before you go to Prospect House .
go to the Hillel House before you go to Brown Bear .
go to the Metcalf Hall before you go to Mencoff Hall .
go to the Second Time Around before you go to Urban Environmental Lab .
go to the Supercuts before you go to BERT .
go to the 111 Brown Street North House before you go to Class of 1887 Gate .
go to the Hillel House before you go to John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to the Finlandia before you go to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to the Andreas before you go to Brown University Sciences Library .
go to the Kassar House before you go to Pembroke Hall .
go to the Minden Hall before you go to Champlin Hall .
go to the Andrews Terrace before you go to Citizen's Bank .
go to the Lot 17 before you go to East Side Station Post Office .
first go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear and then go to Andrews Terrace .
first go to the Avon Cinema and then go to BERT .
first go to the Andreas and then go to Rockefeller Library .
first go to the Brown Bear and then go to Andrews Hall .
first go to the Thayer and Meeting and then go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
first go to the Sharpe House and then go to Robinson Gate .
first go to the Blue State Coffee and then go to Slavery Memorial .
first go to the Morriss Hall and then go to List Art Building .
first go to the Avon Cinema and then go to Blue Room .
first go to the Andrews Terrace and then go to Brown University .
first go to the Second Time Around and then go to John Nicholas Brown Gate .
first go to the New Pembroke 3 and then go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
first go to the Sayles Hall and then go to Meeting Street Cafe .
first go to the 219 Bowen and then go to Manning .
first go to the Blue State Coffee and then go to Robinson Hall .
first go to the Brown University Bookstore and then go to Marcus Aurelius .
first go to the University Hall and then go to Champlin Hall .
first go to the The Ivy Room and then go to Metcalf Hall .
first go to the Robinson Hall and then go to West House .
first go to the J. R. Workman Garden and then go to Rockefeller Library .
first go to the Salomon Center for Teaching and then go to Sidney Frank Hall .
first go to the Verney-Woolley Hall and then go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
first go to the Maddock Alumni  and then go to Pembroke Hall .
first go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop and then go to Biomedical Center .
first go to the J. R. Workman Garden and then go to Faunce House .
first go to the New Pembroke 4 and then go to Hegeman .
first go to the Emery & Wooley and then go to Sayles Hall .
first go to the Brown Bear and then go to Pembroke Park .
first go to the Littlefield Hall and then go to Berk's;Shanghai .
first go to the Prince Engineering Lab and then go to Sidney Frank Hall .
first go to the Supercuts and then go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
first go to the Hope College and then go to Peter Green House .
first go to the Hope College and then go to Brown University Bookstore .
first go to the Casey Shearer Memorial and then go to Granoff Center .
first go to the New Pembroke 2 and then go to Lot 76 .
first go to the Wriston Quad and then go to Blue State Coffee .
first go to the 219 Bowen and then go to Manning .
first go to the Shirley Miller House and then go to Soban .
first go to the Blue State Coffee and then go to Lippit House .
first go to the List Art Building and then go to Brown University Bookstore .
first go to the Hegeman and then go to 164 Angel .
first go to the Sharpe Refectory and then go to Peter Green House .
first go to the Simmons Quadrangle and then go to Second Time Around .
first go to the 219 Bowen and then go to University Hall .
first go to the 219 Bowen and then go to Lincoln Field Building .
first go to the Friedman Hall and then go to Pleasant Surprises .
first go to the Rhode Island Hall and then go to Verney-Woolley Hall .
first go to the Spiritus Fermenti and then go to Hughes Court .
first go to the Van Wickle Gates and then go to Thayer and Cushing .
first go to the Brown University Bookstore and then go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
first go to the Hegeman and then go to New Pembroke 4 .
first go to the Wilbour Hall and then go to Pembroke Park .
first go to the Hillel House and then go to List Art Building .
first go to the Andrews Hall and then go to Gardner House .
first go to the J. R. Workman Garden and then go to Slavery Memorial .
first go to the Supercuts and then go to Quiet Green .
first go to the Norwood House and then go to Pembroke Hall .
move to the Brown Center for Students of Color and then move to Soban .
move to the Soldiers Memorial Gate and then move to Miller Hall .
move to the Meeting Street Cafe and then move to Van Wickle Gates .
move to the Facing Thayer and then move to Wriston Quad .
move to the Andrews Terrace and then move to Lippit House .
move to the Urban Environmental Lab and then move to Supercuts .
move to the 111 Brown Street North House and then move to Manning .
move to the Urban Environmental Lab and then move to Sidney Frank Hall .
move to the Citizen's Bank and then move to West House .
move to the Lyman Hall and then move to Thayer and Cushing .
move to the BERT and then move to Morriss Hall .
move to the Granoff Center and then move to Urban Environmental Lab .
move to the Wayland and then move to Granoff Center .
move to the Second Time Around and then move to Manning .
move to the Champlin Hall and then move to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
move to the Mencoff Hall and then move to Sidney Frank Hall .
move to the West House and then move to Wayland .
move to the Miller Hall and then move to John Hay Library .
move to the New Pembroke 4 and then move to Quiet Green .
move to the New Pembroke 2 and then move to Brown University .
move to the List Art Building and then move to West House .
move to the Peter Green House and then move to John Nicholas Brown Gate .
move to the Blue State Coffee and then move to Littlefield Hall .
move to the Horace Mann House and then move to Sharpe House .
move to the Caswell Hall and then move to Pleasant Surprises .
move to the Sidney Frank Hall and then move to Manning .
move to the Emery Hall and then move to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
move to the Marston Hall and then move to Peter Green House .
move to the Miller Hall and then move to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
move to the Emery & Wooley and then move to Carrie Tower .
move to the Avon Cinema and then move to Brown University Sciences Library .
move to the Miller Hall and then move to Wayland .
move to the New Pembroke 2 and then move to J.W. Wilson .
move to the Simmons Quadrangle and then move to Emery & Wooley .
move to the Morriss Hall and then move to Hegeman .
move to the Wilbour Hall and then move to Meeting Street Cafe .
move to the Thayer and Cushing and then move to Hope College .
move to the Barus Building and then move to Miller Hall .
move to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ and then move to Salon Persia .
move to the Sidney Frank Hall and then move to Lippit House .
move to the J. R. Workman Garden and then move to John Nicholas Brown Gate .
move to the East Side Station Post Office and then move to Lincoln Field Building .
move to the Soban and then move to Caswell Hall .
move to the Urban Environmental Lab and then move to Spiritus Fermenti .
move to the Urban Environmental Lab and then move to Andreas .
move to the Rockefeller Library and then move to Sidney Frank Hall .
move to the Hughes Court and then move to Thayer and Cushing .
move to the Spiritus Fermenti and then move to Simmons Quadrangle .
move to the Thayer and Meeting and then move to Saint Stephens Church .
move to the Second Time Around and then move to Untitled Lamp/Bear .
move to the Watson Center for Information Technology and then move to College Hill Bookstore .
move to the Manning and then move to New Pembroke 2 .
move to the New Pembroke 1 and then move to Friedman Hall .
move to the Wilbour Hall and then move to Pembroke Hall .
move to the Metcalf Hall and then move to Van Wickle Gates .
move to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority and then move to Second Time Around .
move to the J. R. Workman Garden and then move to Minden Hall .
always go through the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity before going to Facing Thayer .
always go through the Supercuts before going to Blue Room .
always go through the West House before going to Circle Dance Sculpture .
always go through the Alumnae Hall before going to Prince Engineering Lab .
always go through the Simmons Quadrangle before going to Pembroke Hall .
always go through the John Nicholas Brown Gate before going to Granoff Center .
always go through the William Goddard Memorial Gate before going to New Pembroke 2 .
always go through the War Memorial before going to 219 Bowen .
always go through the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences before going to J. R. Workman Garden .
always go through the Rockefeller Library before going to Thayer and Meeting .
always go through the Thayer and Cushing before going to Horace Mann House .
always go through the Idee di pietra before going to Spiritus Fermenti .
always go through the Class of 1872 Gate before going to Second Time Around .
always go through the Pleasant Surprises before going to Finlandia .
always go through the Rockefeller Library before going to Avon Cinema .
always go through the East Side Station Post Office before going to Norwood House .
always go through the Circle Dance Sculpture before going to Emery & Wooley .
always go through the Miller Hall before going to Horace Mann House .
always go through the New Pembroke 4 before going to Manning .
always go through the West House before going to Lot 76 .
always go through the Van Wickle Gates before going to Brown University Bookstore .
always go through the Pembroke Hall before going to Littlefield Hall .
always go through the BERT before going to Metcalf Hall .
always go through the Brown Bear before going to Thayer and Meeting .
always go through the 111 Brown Street North House before going to Starbucks .
always go through the Pembroke Hall before going to Friedman Hall .
always go through the Second Time Around before going to William Goddard Memorial Gate .
always go through the BERT before going to Hillel House .
always go through the J.W. Wilson before going to New Pembroke 2 .
always go through the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall before going to Salon Persia .
always go through the Salon Persia before going to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
always go through the Andrews Hall before going to Urban Environmental Lab .
always go through the CVS before going to John Hay Library .
always go through the East Side Station Post Office before going to Soldiers Memorial Gate .
always go through the 67 George before going to Salon Persia .
always go through the Facing Thayer before going to Brown Bear .
always go through the Spiritus Fermenti before going to Norwood House .
always go through the Brown University Sciences Library before going to Meeting Street Cafe .
always go through the 86 Waterman  before going to Smith Buonanno Hall .
always go through the Sharpe House before going to The Ivy Room .
always go through the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ before going to College Hill Bookstore .
always go through the Thayer and Meeting before going to Arnold Laboratory .
always go through the Granoff Center before going to John Nicholas Brown Gate .
always go through the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall before going to Sharpe House .
always go through the Brown Bear before going to Avon Cinema .
always go through the Barus Building before going to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
always go through the New Pembroke 1 before going to Lot 18 .
always go through the New Pembroke 2 before going to William Goddard Memorial Gate .
always go through the Meeting Street Cafe before going to Lot 76 .
always go through the Class of 1872 Gate before going to Smith Buonanno Hall .
always go through the Smith Buonanno Hall before going to Hope College .
always go through the University Hall before going to New Pembroke 4 .
always go through the Emery Hall before going to Brown Bear .
always go through the John Hay Library before going to Andrews Terrace .
always go through the Medical Research Lab before going to New Pembroke 1 .
always go through the Casey Shearer Memorial before going to New Pembroke 1 .
always go through the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity before going to Thayer and Cushing .
go to the Pleasant Surprises and then go to Lot 18 .
go to the Minden Hall and then go to Granoff Center .
go to the Brown University Bookstore and then go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to the Facing Thayer and then go to Maddock Alumni  .
go to the 111 Brown Street North House and then go to Maxcy Green .
go to the Granoff Center and then go to Kassar House .
go to the Sharpe House and then go to Hegeman .
go to the Prospect House and then go to Supercuts .
go to the Sharpe House and then go to Urban Environmental Lab .
go to the Lincoln Field Building and then go to Blue State Coffee .
go to the Finlandia and then go to Hillel House .
go to the Hegeman and then go to Spiritus Fermenti .
go to the Lincoln Field Building and then go to Blue State Coffee .
go to the Blue State Coffee and then go to 67 George .
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall and then go to John Carter Brown Library .
go to the Peter Green House and then go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to the Metcalf Hall and then go to Sayles Hall .
go to the Berk's;Shanghai and then go to Slavery Memorial .
go to the John Carter Brown Library and then go to Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to the 67 George and then go to Second Time Around .
go to the Manning and then go to Metcalf Hall .
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity and then go to New Pembroke 3 .
go to the New Pembroke 2 and then go to Maddock Alumni  .
go to the Berk's;Shanghai and then go to The Ivy Room .
go to the Kassar House and then go to New Pembroke 4 .
go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate and then go to Biomedical Center .
go to the Maddock Alumni  and then go to Supercuts .
go to the Hillel House and then go to Hughes Court .
go to the Slavery Memorial and then go to Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to the Blue State Coffee and then go to Norwood House .
go to the Caswell Hall and then go to Miller Hall .
go to the Champlin Hall and then go to University Hall .
go to the Andreas and then go to Starbucks .
go to the Berk's;Shanghai and then go to War Memorial .
go to the University Hall and then go to Second Time Around .
go to the CVS and then go to Brown Bear .
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity and then go to Andrews Terrace .
go to the Manning and then go to Alumnae Hall .
go to the 219 Bowen and then go to Prospect House .
go to the Prince Engineering Lab and then go to Spiritus Fermenti .
go to the Prospect House and then go to Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to the Emery Hall and then go to Robinson Gate .
go to the Brown University Bookstore and then go to Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to the Pembroke Park and then go to Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Mencoff Hall and then go to Emery & Wooley .
go to the 164 Angel and then go to John Hay Library .
go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear and then go to Thayer and Meeting .
go to the College Hill Bookstore and then go to Sharpe Refectory .
go to the Biomedical Center and then go to BERT .
go to the West House and then go to Lyman Hall .
go to the New Pembroke 1 and then go to Barus Building .
go to the Blue State Coffee and then go to John Hay Library .
go through the 219 Bowen to J.W. Wilson .
go through the Slater Hall to Smith Buonanno Hall .
go through the Lot 76 to Thayer and Cushing .
go through the Walter Hall to West House .
go through the Pembroke Park to 86 Waterman  .
go through the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop to Facing Thayer .
go through the Marston Hall to Pleasant Surprises .
go through the Blue State Coffee to Maxcy Green .
go through the Robinson Hall to Andrews Terrace .
go through the Class of 1872 Gate to Peter Green House .
go through the Hegeman to New Pembroke 3 .
go through the Avon Cinema to Mencoff Hall .
go through the Brown Bear to Blue State Coffee .
go through the Circle Dance Sculpture to Avon Cinema .
go through the Brown University to New Pembroke 3 .
go through the Robinson Gate to 111 Brown Street North House .
go through the Medical Research Lab to West House .
go through the Pembroke Hall to Hope College .
go through the P-131317 to Sidney Frank Hall .
go through the West House to Brown Bear .
go through the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building to Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go through the 86 Waterman  to Smith Buonanno Hall .
go through the Facing Thayer to John Hay Library .
go through the Metcalf Hall to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go through the Hegeman to Granoff Center .
go through the Morriss Hall to Hope College .
go through the CVS to The Ivy Room .
go through the Salomon Center for Teaching to 111 Brown Street North House .
go through the Blue State Coffee to Mencoff Hall .
go through the Andreas to Arnold Laboratory .
go through the Lot 76 to Meeting Street Cafe .
go through the East Side Station Post Office to Metcalf Research Building .
go through the Hegeman to West House .
go through the Horace Mann House to West House .
go through the Hughes Court to Biomedical Center .
go through the Granoff Center to Urban Environmental Lab .
go through the Berk's;Shanghai to Citizen's Bank .
go through the BERT to College Hill Bookstore .
go through the Emery & Wooley to Brown Bear .
go through the Idee di pietra to New Pembroke 4 .
go through the Medical Research Lab to Andreas .
go through the Pembroke Hall to Minden Hall .
go through the Smith Buonanno Hall to Swearer Center for Public Service .
go through the Smith Buonanno Hall to Prince Engineering Lab .
go through the Prospect House to 219 Bowen .
go through the Maddock Alumni  to Berk's;Shanghai .
go through the Carrie Tower to Berk's;Shanghai .
go through the Sears to New Pembroke 4 .
go through the Second Time Around to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go through the New Pembroke 3 to Brown University .
go through the Hillel House to BERT .
go through the College Hill Bookstore to Manning .
go through the P-131317 to Sharpe House .
go to Morriss Hall through the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to Emery Hall through the Saint Stephens Church .
go to Swearer Center for Public Service through the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to College Green through the Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to Prince Engineering Lab through the Brown University Bookstore .
go to College Hill Bookstore through the Prospect House .
go to Granoff Center through the Mencoff Hall .
go to Campus Market through the Granoff Center .
go to East Side Station Post Office through the Sears .
go to Berk's;Shanghai through the Gardner House .
go to Norwood House through the Thayer and Cushing .
go to Finlandia through the Miller Hall .
go to Lot 18 through the Emery Hall .
go to Walter Hall through the 111 Brown Street North House .
go to Biomedical Center through the Barus Building .
go to Robinson Hall through the College Hill Bookstore .
go to Lyman Hall through the Andreas .
go to Sidney Frank Hall through the Wilbour Hall .
go to Facing Thayer through the Norwood House .
go to Biomedical Center through the Mencoff Hall .
go to Urban Environmental Lab through the Brown University Bookstore .
go to Supercuts through the Robinson Hall .
go to Campus Market through the Berk's;Shanghai .
go to Brown Center for Students of Color through the Biomedical Center .
go to New Pembroke 1 through the List Art Building .
go to New Pembroke 1 through the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to Lincoln Field Building through the Second Time Around .
go to College Hill Bookstore through the Lincoln Field Building .
go to Facing Thayer through the Faunce House .
go to John Nicholas Brown Gate through the East Side Station Post Office .
go to Emery Hall through the Starbucks .
go to Soban through the Class of 1872 Gate .
go to College Hill Bookstore through the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to Thayer and Cushing through the BERT .
go to Pembroke Park through the Horace Mann House .
go to Lippit House through the Metcalf Hall .
go to Class of 1887 Gate through the 111 Brown Street North House .
go to Manning through the Metcalf Hall .
go to Brown Bear through the Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to Simmons Quadrangle through the J. R. Workman Garden .
go to Sharpe House through the Campus Market .
go to Brown University Bookstore through the Slater Hall .
go to Soban through the Horace Mann House .
go to Hughes Court through the Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to Van Wickle Gates through the Emery Hall .
go to Salomon Center for Teaching through the Meeting Street Cafe .
go to West House through the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to Citizen's Bank through the Morriss Hall .
go to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building through the Shirley Miller House .
go to Sharpe House through the Metcalf Research Building .
go to Andrews Terrace through the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to Second Time Around through the Robinson Hall .
go to Maddock Alumni  through the West House .
go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority through the 219 Bowen .
go to Blue State Coffee through the Marston Hall .
go to Prince Engineering Lab through the College Hill Bookstore .
go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop through the Granoff Center
go to Citizen's Bank through the Peter Green House
go to Morriss Hall through the Quiet Green
go to East Side Station Post Office through the Rhode Island Hall
go to Soban through the Walter Hall
go to Lot 76 through the Sidney Frank Hall
go to Champlin Hall through the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity
go to Wilbour Hall through the Brown University Bookstore
go to Caswell Hall through the Andrews Terrace
go to Granoff Center through the J.W. Wilson
go to The Ivy Room through the Andrews Terrace
go to Second Time Around through the University Hall
go to Champlin Hall through the Wriston Quad
go to Pembroke Park through the Walter Hall
go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity through the Avon Cinema
go to Mencoff Hall through the West House
go to Carrie Tower through the Peter Green House
go to Andreas through the Marston Hall
go to West House through the Rockefeller Library
go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall through the Supercuts
go to Peter Green House through the Simmons Quadrangle
go to Prince Engineering Lab through the Salon Persia
go to Champlin Hall through the Brown University Sciences Library
go to Idee di pietra through the Emery Hall
go to Thayer and Meeting through the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate
go to Carrie Tower through the Brown University Bookstore
go to Salomon Center for Teaching through the 164 Angel
go to Friedman Hall through the Blue State Coffee
go to J. R. Workman Garden through the Lot 76
go to Friedman Hall through the Thayer and Meeting
go to J. R. Workman Garden through the Medical Research Lab
go to Saint Stephens Church through the Emery & Wooley
go to Granoff Center through the Medical Research Lab
go to Pleasant Surprises through the BERT
go to 67 George through the Pembroke Park
go to Brown Bear through the Verney-Woolley Hall
go to East Side Station Post Office through the Lot 76
go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority through the New Pembroke 4
go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ through the Pembroke Hall
go to Soban through the John Nicholas Brown Gate
go to Campus Market through the Pembroke Park
go to Van Wickle Gates through the Thayer and Cushing
go to West House through the Littlefield Hall
go to P-131317 through the 219 Bowen
go to Verney-Woolley Hall through the John Nicholas Brown Gate
go to Metcalf Research Building through the New Pembroke 1
go to Brown Center for Students of Color through the Brown University Bookstore
go to Hillel House through the Slavery Memorial
go to Smith Buonanno Hall through the Marcus Aurelius
go to Salon Persia through the P-131317
go to Sidney Frank Hall through the Untitled Lamp/Bear
go to Verney-Woolley Hall through the Mencoff Hall
go to Untitled Lamp/Bear through the Miller Hall
go to Peter Green House through the 86 Waterman 
go to Circle Dance Sculpture through the Berk's;Shanghai
go to New Pembroke 1 through the Slavery Memorial
go to Metcalf Hall through the Manning
go to Pembroke Park through the Barus Building
go to Pembroke Hall through the Casey Shearer Memorial
go to Thayer and Cushing through the Medical Research Lab
go through the Alumnae Hall , then make your way to Sears .
go through the New Pembroke 4 , then make your way to J.W. Wilson .
go through the Robinson Hall , then make your way to West House .
go through the Finlandia , then make your way to Soban .
go through the CVS , then make your way to Lot 76 .
go through the Granoff Center , then make your way to Urban Environmental Lab .
go through the Caswell Hall , then make your way to New Pembroke 2 .
go through the Simmons Quadrangle , then make your way to Smith Buonanno Hall .
go through the List Art Building , then make your way to 111 Brown Street North House .
go through the Faunce House , then make your way to New Pembroke 4 .
go through the Brown University , then make your way to New Pembroke 1 .
go through the Soban , then make your way to 67 George .
go through the Minden Hall , then make your way to Soban .
go through the Pembroke Park , then make your way to Urban Environmental Lab .
go through the Lot 17 , then make your way to Supercuts .
go through the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ , then make your way to Sidney Frank Hall .
go through the Emery Hall , then make your way to Blue Room .
go through the Second Time Around , then make your way to Simmons Quadrangle .
go through the Mencoff Hall , then make your way to Smith Buonanno Hall .
go through the 164 Angel , then make your way to Swearer Center for Public Service .
go through the Lot 18 , then make your way to CVS .
go through the Pleasant Surprises , then make your way to Shirley Miller House .
go through the Granoff Center , then make your way to Shirley Miller House .
go through the Sharpe Refectory , then make your way to Andreas .
go through the Spiritus Fermenti , then make your way to Lincoln Field Building .
go through the Brown University Bookstore , then make your way to J.W. Wilson .
go through the 86 Waterman  , then make your way to Berk's;Shanghai .
go through the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall , then make your way to Soban .
go through the Horace Mann House , then make your way to Brown University Bookstore .
go through the New Pembroke 2 , then make your way to Blue Room .
go through the Thayer and Meeting , then make your way to John Hay Library .
go through the Miller Hall , then make your way to List Art Building .
go through the 86 Waterman  , then make your way to Sharpe House .
go through the Faunce House , then make your way to Granoff Center .
go through the Sidney Frank Hall , then make your way to Sears .
go through the Pembroke Hall , then make your way to John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go through the John Hay Library , then make your way to Sharpe House .
go through the John Nicholas Brown Gate , then make your way to Pembroke Park .
go through the Shirley Miller House , then make your way to Andrews Hall .
go through the Brown University Bookstore , then make your way to Watson Center for Information Technology .
go through the Granoff Center , then make your way to Walter Hall .
go through the Maxcy Hall , then make your way to Supercuts .
go through the College Green , then make your way to Emery & Wooley .
go through the Thayer and Cushing , then make your way to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go through the Sharpe House , then make your way to Saint Stephens Church .
go through the New Pembroke 4 , then make your way to Wriston Quad .
go through the Slater Hall , then make your way to College Hill Bookstore .
go through the Watson Center for Information Technology , then make your way to East Side Station Post Office .
go through the Miller Hall , then make your way to Swearer Center for Public Service .
go through the West House , then make your way to Finlandia .
go through the Class of 1887 Gate , then make your way to Thayer and Meeting .
go through the Thayer and Meeting , then make your way to Starbucks .
go through the East Side Station Post Office , then make your way to Brown University Sciences Library .
go to 86 Waterman  through the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to Gardner House through the Spiritus Fermenti .
go to John Carter Brown Library through the New Pembroke 1 .
go to Finlandia through the Andreas .
go to Prospect House through the Berk's;Shanghai .
go to Andrews Hall through the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to War Memorial through the East Side Station Post Office .
go to Quiet Green through the New Pembroke 1 .
go to Alumnae Hall through the Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to Minden Hall through the Andreas .
go to New Pembroke 2 through the Medical Research Lab .
go to Lyman Hall through the CVS .
go to Norwood House through the Hillel House .
go to Supercuts through the John Hay Library .
go to Biomedical Center through the Mencoff Hall .
go to Spiritus Fermenti through the Marston Hall .
go to CVS through the Citizen's Bank .
go to Class of 1872 Gate through the Sharpe House .
go to 219 Bowen through the Quiet Green .
go to 219 Bowen through the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to New Pembroke 1 through the 86 Waterman  .
go to Pembroke Park through the Wilbour Hall .
go to 111 Brown Street North House through the Citizen's Bank .
go to University Hall through the Champlin Hall .
go to Morriss Hall through the 86 Waterman  .
go to New Pembroke 1 through the Lot 18 .
go to Soldiers Memorial Gate through the New Pembroke 2 .
go to Prospect House through the Second Time Around .
go to Walter Hall through the Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to New Pembroke 1 through the Robinson Hall .
go to New Pembroke 1 through the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to William Goddard Memorial Gate through the Champlin Hall .
go to New Pembroke 1 through the Blue Room .
go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop through the Thayer and Cushing .
go to Andreas through the College Green .
go to The Ivy Room through the Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to Metcalf Hall through the Brown University .
go to Caswell Hall through the Miller Hall .
go to 164 Angel through the Finlandia .
go to New Pembroke 2 through the Prince Engineering Lab .
go to Meeting Street Cafe through the Carrie Tower .
go to Verney-Woolley Hall through the Lot 18 .
go to Marcus Aurelius through the Thayer and Meeting .
go to Lot 17 through the Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to Facing Thayer through the Slater Hall .
go to Sears through the West House .
go to New Pembroke 3 through the John Hay Library .
go to Brown University Sciences Library through the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to West House through the Campus Market .
go to Swearer Center for Public Service through the East Side Station Post Office .
go to Robinson Gate through the Morriss Hall .
go to Hegeman through the J. R. Workman Garden .
go through the Brown Bear before navigating to Granoff Center .
go through the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority before navigating to Emery Hall .
go through the Morriss Hall before navigating to Caswell Hall .
go through the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate before navigating to New Pembroke 3 .
go through the University Hall before navigating to New Pembroke 4 .
go through the John Carter Brown Library before navigating to West House .
go through the Hegeman before navigating to Spiritus Fermenti .
go through the Champlin Hall before navigating to Wriston Quad .
go through the CVS before navigating to Watson Center for Information Technology .
go through the Supercuts before navigating to Gardner House .
go through the Brown Bear before navigating to Supercuts .
go through the Berk's;Shanghai before navigating to Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go through the P-131317 before navigating to Pleasant Surprises .
go through the Slavery Memorial before navigating to Andrews Hall .
go through the Marcus Aurelius before navigating to Spiritus Fermenti .
go through the Circle Dance Sculpture before navigating to Pembroke Hall .
go through the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority before navigating to Pembroke Hall .
go through the Citizen's Bank before navigating to Miller Hall .
go through the Emery & Wooley before navigating to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go through the Sidney Frank Hall before navigating to Robinson Gate .
go through the Maddock Alumni  before navigating to Salon Persia .
go through the Spiritus Fermenti before navigating to Brown University .
go through the Arnold Laboratory before navigating to Emery & Wooley .
go through the Thayer and Meeting before navigating to Wilbour Hall .
go through the Sayles Hall before navigating to 111 Brown Street North House .
go through the Thayer and Cushing before navigating to Manning .
go through the Blue State Coffee before navigating to Lot 18 .
go through the Walter Hall before navigating to Thayer and Meeting .
go through the Alumnae Hall before navigating to The Ivy Room .
go through the Miller Hall before navigating to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go through the P-131317 before navigating to Second Time Around .
go through the Carrie Tower before navigating to 164 Angel .
go through the Supercuts before navigating to Prince Engineering Lab .
go through the University Hall before navigating to Andreas .
go through the John Hay Library before navigating to Salon Persia .
go through the New Pembroke 4 before navigating to Quiet Green .
go through the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate before navigating to Pleasant Surprises .
go through the Kassar House before navigating to Miller Hall .
go through the 219 Bowen before navigating to Lot 76 .
go through the Miller Hall before navigating to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go through the New Pembroke 2 before navigating to College Green .
go through the New Pembroke 3 before navigating to Lippit House .
go through the Simmons Quadrangle before navigating to Brown University Bookstore .
go through the Van Wickle Gates before navigating to New Pembroke 4 .
go through the Facing Thayer before navigating to P-131317 .
go through the J.W. Wilson before navigating to Facing Thayer .
go through the Marston Hall before navigating to Metcalf Hall .
go through the Metcalf Hall before navigating to Lippit House .
go through the Supercuts before navigating to List Art Building .
go through the Quiet Green before navigating to Hillel House .
go through the Class of 1872 Gate before navigating to Smith Buonanno Hall .
go through the Class of 1887 Gate before navigating to Blue State Coffee .
go through the Class of 1872 Gate before navigating to Second Time Around .
always go through the Andrews Hall before going to Littlefield Hall .
always go through the J. R. Workman Garden before going to Sayles Hall .
always go through the Thayer and Meeting before going to Van Wickle Gates .
always go through the Morriss Hall before going to Saint Stephens Church .
always go through the Biomedical Center before going to Brown Center for Students of Color .
always go through the CVS before going to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
always go through the The Ivy Room before going to Smith Buonanno Hall .
always go through the John Hay Library before going to Pembroke Park .
always go through the Wilbour Hall before going to Pembroke Park .
always go through the Champlin Hall before going to Kassar House .
always go through the John Hay Library before going to Sidney Frank Hall .
always go through the Faunce House before going to Meeting Street Cafe .
always go through the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building before going to BERT .
always go through the Carrie Tower before going to Facing Thayer .
always go through the Hillel House before going to Urban Environmental Lab .
always go through the Maddock Alumni  before going to Champlin Hall .
always go through the 111 Brown Street North House before going to J.W. Wilson .
always go through the Metcalf Hall before going to Mencoff Hall .
always go through the Marcus Aurelius before going to Granoff Center .
always go through the Soban before going to P-131317 .
always go through the New Pembroke 2 before going to Salomon Center for Teaching .
always go through the Thayer and Cushing before going to Quiet Green .
always go through the Blue State Coffee before going to Carrie Tower .
always go through the Wilbour Hall before going to Peter Green House .
always go through the 67 George before going to Meeting Street Cafe .
always go through the Manning before going to Morriss Hall .
always go through the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity before going to Morriss Hall .
always go through the New Pembroke 4 before going to Slater Hall .
always go through the Andrews Hall before going to Lot 76 .
always go through the Soban before going to Slavery Memorial .
always go through the Thayer and Cushing before going to Arnold Laboratory .
always go through the Class of 1887 Gate before going to Sidney Frank Hall .
always go through the Barus Building before going to 111 Brown Street North House .
always go through the Maddock Alumni  before going to Spiritus Fermenti .
always go through the College Hill Bookstore before going to Sears .
always go through the CVS before going to Mencoff Hall .
always go through the List Art Building before going to 111 Brown Street North House .
always go through the Watson Center for Information Technology before going to Supercuts .
always go through the Rockefeller Library before going to Sharpe House .
always go through the Sidney Frank Hall before going to College Green .
always go through the West House before going to Swearer Center for Public Service .
always go through the Emery & Wooley before going to Arnold Laboratory .
always go through the West House before going to Maddock Alumni  .
always go through the Thayer and Cushing before going to Wilbour Hall .
always go through the Robinson Gate before going to Supercuts .
always go through the Brown Bear before going to Blue State Coffee .
always go through the Untitled Lamp/Bear before going to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
always go through the Smith Buonanno Hall before going to Lippit House .
always go through the Maxcy Hall before going to J. R. Workman Garden .
always go through the Morriss Hall before going to Minden Hall .
always go through the Simmons Quadrangle before going to 111 Brown Street North House .
always go through the Idee di pietra before going to Pembroke Park .
always go through the Sidney Frank Hall before going to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to Friedman Hall through the West House
go to Salon Persia through the Medical Research Lab
go to Maddock Alumni  through the Alumnae Hall
go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences through the Berk's;Shanghai
go to Robinson Hall through the Facing Thayer
go to Emery Hall through the Class of 1872 Gate
go to Medical Research Lab through the West House
go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology through the Second Time Around
go to Norwood House through the Avon Cinema
go to Pembroke Park through the Maxcy Green
go to Marcus Aurelius through the Spiritus Fermenti
go to Casey Shearer Memorial through the 219 Bowen
go to Finlandia through the East Side Station Post Office
go to West House through the Prospect House
go to Facing Thayer through the Brown Center for Students of Color
go to Carrie Tower through the Verney-Woolley Hall
go to John Nicholas Brown Gate through the Facing Thayer
go to Citizen's Bank through the Soban
go to Robinson Hall through the 111 Brown Street North House
go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority through the 219 Bowen
go to Pembroke Hall through the Minden Hall
go to Avon Cinema through the Littlefield Hall
go to 219 Bowen through the William Goddard Memorial Gate
go to 111 Brown Street North House through the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences
go to Granoff Center through the Sayles Hall
go to Morriss Hall through the Soldiers Memorial Gate
go to Andrews Hall through the Soldiers Memorial Gate
go to Arnold Laboratory through the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building
go to Granoff Center through the Salomon Center for Teaching
go to Walter Hall through the 164 Angel
go to Lincoln Field Building through the Andrews Hall
go to Pembroke Hall through the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences
go to Andrews Terrace through the J.W. Wilson
go to Casey Shearer Memorial through the Supercuts
go to Brown Center for Students of Color through the Miller Hall
go to Van Wickle Gates through the Thayer and Cushing
go to Verney-Woolley Hall through the Barus Building
go to Brown Bear through the Andrews Hall
go to Peter Green House through the The Ivy Room
go to John Hay Library through the Brown University Bookstore
go to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building through the Casey Shearer Memorial
go to Miller Hall through the Wayland
go to The Ivy Room through the Verney-Woolley Hall
go to Hope College through the College Hill Bookstore
go to Biomedical Center through the Horace Mann House
go to Sharpe House through the Faunce House
go to Van Wickle Gates through the Spiritus Fermenti
go to Andrews Hall through the Casey Shearer Memorial
go to Sharpe Refectory through the Thayer and Meeting
go to Circle Dance Sculpture through the 164 Angel
go to Quiet Green through the Morriss Hall
go to Sharpe House through the Simmons Quadrangle
go to Andrews Terrace through the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate
go to New Pembroke 3 through the BERT
go through the Hope College before going to Andreas
go through the Salon Persia before going to Lot 18
go through the Champlin Hall before going to Medical Research Lab
go through the The Ivy Room before going to New Pembroke 4
go through the New Pembroke 1 before going to Casey Shearer Memorial
go through the Idee di pietra before going to New Pembroke 2
go through the Maddock Alumni  before going to Emery Hall
go through the Andreas before going to Prince Engineering Lab
go through the Verney-Woolley Hall before going to Barus Building
go through the Sayles Hall before going to Metcalf Hall
go through the List Art Building before going to Sidney Frank Hall
go through the Champlin Hall before going to Finlandia
go through the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall before going to Meeting Street Cafe
go through the Urban Environmental Lab before going to J. R. Workman Garden
go through the Peter Green House before going to Arnold Laboratory
go through the Supercuts before going to Class of 1872 Gate
go through the New Pembroke 2 before going to Barus Building
go through the Sidney Frank Hall before going to Marston Hall
go through the Rhode Island Hall before going to 219 Bowen
go through the Thayer and Cushing before going to Wayland
go through the Hughes Court before going to West House
go through the New Pembroke 2 before going to J.W. Wilson
go through the Avon Cinema before going to Brown Bear
go through the Granoff Center before going to Lippit House
go through the Prospect House before going to Sharpe House
go through the Horace Mann House before going to Hillel House
go through the Quiet Green before going to New Pembroke 4
go through the Miller Hall before going to Mencoff Hall
go through the Arnold Laboratory before going to New Pembroke 4
go through the Saint Stephens Church before going to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building
go through the Slater Hall before going to Biomedical Center
go through the Andreas before going to Carrie Tower
go through the Kassar House before going to Biomedical Center
go through the Marston Hall before going to Emery Hall
go through the Lincoln Field Building before going to West House
go through the Robinson Hall before going to Biomedical Center
go through the Class of 1872 Gate before going to Soban
go through the Metcalf Hall before going to Brown Bear
go through the Prospect House before going to Andreas
go through the Granoff Center before going to Rhode Island Hall
go through the Slavery Memorial before going to 164 Angel
go through the Biomedical Center before going to Sayles Hall
go through the Peter Green House before going to Salomon Center for Teaching
go through the Untitled Lamp/Bear before going to New Pembroke 3
go through the New Pembroke 3 before going to Medical Research Lab
go through the Second Time Around before going to Circle Dance Sculpture
go through the Robinson Hall before going to College Hill Bookstore
go through the Sharpe House before going to John Nicholas Brown Gate
go through the West House before going to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate
go through the Hope College before going to Andrews Terrace
move to the 164 Angel first then travel to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
move to the Simmons Quadrangle first then travel to Andrews Hall .
move to the Sidney Frank Hall first then travel to Wilbour Hall .
move to the 86 Waterman  first then travel to 164 Angel .
move to the J.W. Wilson first then travel to Miller Hall .
move to the Norwood House first then travel to Hillel House .
move to the Sharpe House first then travel to Metcalf Research Building .
move to the West House first then travel to Citizen's Bank .
move to the Sharpe House first then travel to Lot 17 .
move to the Brown University Sciences Library first then travel to Sidney Frank Hall .
move to the Sidney Frank Hall first then travel to Lincoln Field Building .
move to the Salon Persia first then travel to Brown Center for Students of Color .
move to the Sharpe Refectory first then travel to Meeting Street Cafe .
move to the Minden Hall first then travel to Granoff Center .
move to the Lot 17 first then travel to Andrews Hall .
move to the Supercuts first then travel to Circle Dance Sculpture .
move to the Hillel House first then travel to William Goddard Memorial Gate .
move to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building first then travel to John Nicholas Brown Gate .
move to the West House first then travel to Slavery Memorial .
move to the Casey Shearer Memorial first then travel to Andreas .
move to the Supercuts first then travel to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
move to the Casey Shearer Memorial first then travel to East Side Station Post Office .
move to the Prospect House first then travel to Andrews Terrace .
move to the Salon Persia first then travel to John Carter Brown Library .
move to the Alumnae Hall first then travel to Sayles Hall .
move to the 67 George first then travel to CVS .
move to the Hegeman first then travel to Andrews Terrace .
move to the Brown Center for Students of Color first then travel to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
move to the Facing Thayer first then travel to Idee di pietra .
move to the Andrews Hall first then travel to Wayland .
move to the Berk's;Shanghai first then travel to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
move to the Brown University first then travel to East Side Station Post Office .
move to the BERT first then travel to Miller Hall .
move to the Salon Persia first then travel to Lot 17 .
move to the BERT first then travel to New Pembroke 2 .
move to the East Side Station Post Office first then travel to Untitled Lamp/Bear .
move to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop first then travel to Soban .
move to the Maddock Alumni  first then travel to Andreas .
move to the Idee di pietra first then travel to Metcalf Hall .
move to the Peter Green House first then travel to Salomon Center for Teaching .
move to the John Hay Library first then travel to Champlin Hall .
move to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ first then travel to Blue State Coffee .
move to the East Side Station Post Office first then travel to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
move to the Meeting Street Cafe first then travel to Citizen's Bank .
move to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ first then travel to Emery Hall .
move to the Robinson Gate first then travel to Thayer and Meeting .
move to the Thayer and Meeting first then travel to John Hay Library .
move to the Watson Center for Information Technology first then travel to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
move to the J. R. Workman Garden first then travel to Prospect House .
move to the Brown University Sciences Library first then travel to Morriss Hall .
move to the Metcalf Research Building first then travel to West House .
move to the Sidney Frank Hall first then travel to BERT .
move to the Lot 17 first then travel to Brown University Bookstore .
move to the Biomedical Center first then travel to Mencoff Hall .
move to the Prince Engineering Lab first then travel to Spiritus Fermenti .
go to the West House before you go to John Hay Library .
go to the Biomedical Center before you go to 67 George .
go to the College Green before you go to Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to the 67 George before you go to Miller Hall .
go to the University Hall before you go to Second Time Around .
go to the Rhode Island Hall before you go to Emery Hall .
go to the Prospect House before you go to East Side Station Post Office .
go to the Manning before you go to Hillel House .
go to the Simmons Quadrangle before you go to 164 Angel .
go to the Berk's;Shanghai before you go to Metcalf Research Building .
go to the Blue State Coffee before you go to Blue Room .
go to the Facing Thayer before you go to Prince Engineering Lab .
go to the Simmons Quadrangle before you go to New Pembroke 4 .
go to the West House before you go to Campus Market .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall before you go to Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to the 111 Brown Street North House before you go to Hope College .
go to the 219 Bowen before you go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to the Pleasant Surprises before you go to Maxcy Hall .
go to the J. R. Workman Garden before you go to Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to the Hughes Court before you go to Pleasant Surprises .
go to the Sayles Hall before you go to Meeting Street Cafe .
go to the Slater Hall before you go to Emery Hall .
go to the Sharpe Refectory before you go to West House .
go to the Brown Bear before you go to Berk's;Shanghai .
go to the New Pembroke 1 before you go to Slater Hall .
go to the BERT before you go to Peter Green House .
go to the New Pembroke 3 before you go to Shirley Miller House .
go to the War Memorial before you go to Andreas .
go to the Maxcy Hall before you go to New Pembroke 4 .
go to the West House before you go to Robinson Hall .
go to the Barus Building before you go to New Pembroke 4 .
go to the Quiet Green before you go to Pembroke Park .
go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate before you go to 164 Angel .
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color before you go to Pleasant Surprises .
go to the Marston Hall before you go to Andrews Hall .
go to the J.W. Wilson before you go to Miller Hall .
go to the J. R. Workman Garden before you go to Maxcy Hall .
go to the Pembroke Hall before you go to Robinson Hall .
go to the Hillel House before you go to Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to the BERT before you go to Metcalf Hall .
go to the West House before you go to Blue Room .
go to the Blue State Coffee before you go to List Art Building .
go to the Pembroke Hall before you go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to the Hope College before you go to Champlin Hall .
go to the Thayer and Meeting before you go to Hegeman .
go to the Andrews Hall before you go to Slavery Memorial .
go to the Hegeman before you go to New Pembroke 3 .
go to the New Pembroke 4 before you go to Lyman Hall .
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority before you go to Pembroke Park .
go to the Soban before you go to Prospect House .
go to the Caswell Hall before you go to East Side Station Post Office .
go to the Pleasant Surprises before you go to Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall before you go to Sharpe Refectory .
go to the Emery Hall before you go to Brown Bear .
move to Spiritus Fermenti , but go through the University Hall first .
move to War Memorial , but go through the Emery & Wooley first .
move to Horace Mann House , but go through the Meeting Street Cafe first .
move to East Side Station Post Office , but go through the Medical Research Lab first .
move to Andrews Terrace , but go through the Littlefield Hall first .
move to Sears , but go through the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building first .
move to Prince Engineering Lab , but go through the Alumnae Hall first .
move to Medical Research Lab , but go through the Biomedical Center first .
move to BERT , but go through the Smith Buonanno Hall first .
move to Hillel House , but go through the Manning first .
move to Campus Market , but go through the Thayer and Cushing first .
move to Biomedical Center , but go through the John Hay Library first .
move to College Green , but go through the Thayer and Meeting first .
move to Soban , but go through the Quiet Green first .
move to Faunce House , but go through the 164 Angel first .
move to Marcus Aurelius , but go through the Andreas first .
move to Rockefeller Library , but go through the Blue State Coffee first .
move to Mencoff Hall , but go through the Pleasant Surprises first .
move to Rockefeller Library , but go through the Peter Green House first .
move to Brown University Sciences Library , but go through the New Pembroke 4 first .
move to Verney-Woolley Hall , but go through the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate first .
move to Thayer and Meeting , but go through the Soldiers Memorial Gate first .
move to Urban Environmental Lab , but go through the Meeting Street Cafe first .
move to Brown University Bookstore , but go through the Barus Building first .
move to Mencoff Hall , but go through the Facing Thayer first .
move to Blue Room , but go through the Metcalf Hall first .
move to Verney-Woolley Hall , but go through the Norwood House first .
move to Quiet Green , but go through the Morriss Hall first .
move to Emery & Wooley , but go through the Salomon Center for Teaching first .
move to Thayer and Meeting , but go through the Saint Stephens Church first .
move to Lot 17 , but go through the Champlin Hall first .
move to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity , but go through the New Pembroke 2 first .
move to Facing Thayer , but go through the Class of 1887 Gate first .
move to Prospect House , but go through the CVS first .
move to Sharpe House , but go through the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity first .
move to Emery Hall , but go through the John Hay Library first .
move to Avon Cinema , but go through the Barus Building first .
move to West House , but go through the Untitled Lamp/Bear first .
move to Salon Persia , but go through the Sharpe Refectory first .
move to War Memorial , but go through the Avon Cinema first .
move to Salon Persia , but go through the Circle Dance Sculpture first .
move to New Pembroke 2 , but go through the 86 Waterman  first .
move to New Pembroke 3 , but go through the John Nicholas Brown Gate first .
move to Prospect House , but go through the Metcalf Hall first .
move to Soban , but go through the 86 Waterman  first .
move to Andrews Hall , but go through the War Memorial first .
move to East Side Station Post Office , but go through the Lot 17 first .
move to Class of 1872 Gate , but go through the Champlin Hall first .
move to Pembroke Park , but go through the Swearer Center for Public Service first .
move to CVS , but go through the William Goddard Memorial Gate first .
move to William Goddard Memorial Gate , but go through the Thayer and Meeting first .
move to Hillel House , but go through the Brown University Sciences Library first .
go to Idee di pietra through the Soban .
go to Supercuts through the Van Wickle Gates .
go to Minden Hall through the Avon Cinema .
go to List Art Building through the Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to Sidney Frank Hall through the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to Saint Stephens Church through the Granoff Center .
go to Berk's;Shanghai through the Maddock Alumni  .
go to Littlefield Hall through the Supercuts .
go to Spiritus Fermenti through the Caswell Hall .
go to Pleasant Surprises through the Hughes Court .
go to Lot 18 through the Hillel House .
go to William Goddard Memorial Gate through the Soban .
go to Urban Environmental Lab through the Metcalf Hall .
go to Miller Hall through the Prospect House .
go to College Hill Bookstore through the Van Wickle Gates .
go to P-131317 through the Thayer and Cushing .
go to Friedman Hall through the College Hill Bookstore .
go to Maddock Alumni  through the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to West House through the Shirley Miller House .
go to Horace Mann House through the Brown University Bookstore .
go to Slater Hall through the Salon Persia .
go to West House through the Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to Lot 17 through the Granoff Center .
go to Andrews Terrace through the Saint Stephens Church .
go to Caswell Hall through the Thayer and Cushing .
go to Sears through the Hillel House .
go to 67 George through the Emery & Wooley .
go to Champlin Hall through the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to Gardner House through the Thayer and Meeting .
go to 164 Angel through the Prospect House .
go to Class of 1887 Gate through the Second Time Around .
go to Friedman Hall through the Miller Hall .
go to Hillel House through the University Hall .
go to 111 Brown Street North House through the College Green .
go to Emery Hall through the Brown Bear .
go to J. R. Workman Garden through the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to Avon Cinema through the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to Spiritus Fermenti through the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to Alumnae Hall through the Slavery Memorial .
go to Finlandia through the Second Time Around .
go to Andreas through the Citizen's Bank .
go to University Hall through the Thayer and Meeting .
go to Kassar House through the Emery Hall .
go to Mencoff Hall through the Alumnae Hall .
go to Blue Room through the East Side Station Post Office .
go to John Hay Library through the CVS .
go to Brown University Sciences Library through the Andreas .
go to Slavery Memorial through the Sharpe House .
go to Class of 1872 Gate through the Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to Pleasant Surprises through the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to J. R. Workman Garden through the Prospect House .
go to Emery Hall through the Class of 1887 Gate .
go to 219 Bowen through the Hughes Court .
go to Andreas through the Caswell Hall .
go to New Pembroke 2 through the Hegeman .
go to War Memorial through the Thayer and Cushing .
go to Lincoln Field Building through the Andrews Hall .
go to Slavery Memorial through the Hillel House .
go to Swearer Center for Public Service through the Avon Cinema .
go to Manning through the 219 Bowen .
go through the Smith Buonanno Hall to Wriston Quad .
go through the New Pembroke 4 to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go through the Andrews Hall to Van Wickle Gates .
go through the Second Time Around to Hope College .
go through the Lot 17 to Hillel House .
go through the Sayles Hall to 111 Brown Street North House .
go through the Smith Buonanno Hall to Slater Hall .
go through the Brown University Bookstore to Lot 18 .
go through the 86 Waterman  to Spiritus Fermenti .
go through the New Pembroke 4 to John Hay Library .
go through the Class of 1872 Gate to Peter Green House .
go through the Thayer and Meeting to Rhode Island Hall .
go through the Miller Hall to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go through the Lot 76 to Berk's;Shanghai .
go through the Meeting Street Cafe to Slavery Memorial .
go through the Rockefeller Library to Brown University Bookstore .
go through the Horace Mann House to Miller Hall .
go through the New Pembroke 1 to BERT .
go through the Brown Bear to Champlin Hall .
go through the Berk's;Shanghai to Sears .
go through the Smith Buonanno Hall to Maxcy Green .
go through the Mencoff Hall to Second Time Around .
go through the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building to Gardner House .
go through the Littlefield Hall to New Pembroke 1 .
go through the Salon Persia to Salomon Center for Teaching .
go through the Meeting Street Cafe to Barus Building .
go through the Sidney Frank Hall to Caswell Hall .
go through the Sidney Frank Hall to Walter Hall .
go through the Circle Dance Sculpture to Andrews Terrace .
go through the Granoff Center to Kassar House .
go through the Thayer and Meeting to William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go through the Andreas to Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go through the 86 Waterman  to Sharpe House .
go through the Medical Research Lab to Pembroke Park .
go through the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate to Emery Hall .
go through the Marston Hall to Emery Hall .
go through the Circle Dance Sculpture to New Pembroke 4 .
go through the East Side Station Post Office to Simmons Quadrangle .
go through the Metcalf Hall to War Memorial .
go through the John Nicholas Brown Gate to Verney-Woolley Hall .
go through the 219 Bowen to Horace Mann House .
go through the J.W. Wilson to East Side Station Post Office .
go through the Hegeman to 219 Bowen .
go through the Campus Market to 219 Bowen .
go through the Brown Center for Students of Color to Metcalf Hall .
go through the Simmons Quadrangle to West House .
go through the Wayland to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go through the New Pembroke 4 to John Hay Library .
go through the Pembroke Hall to Slater Hall .
go through the Supercuts to Marcus Aurelius .
go through the Brown University Bookstore to Watson Center for Information Technology .
go through the Blue Room to Sidney Frank Hall .
go through the 219 Bowen to Watson Center for Information Technology .
go through the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop to Pembroke Hall .
go through the Emery & Wooley to Maxcy Green .
go through the Rockefeller Library to Thayer and Meeting .
go through the Champlin Hall to Lot 17 .
go through the Norwood House to Avon Cinema .
go through the Marcus Aurelius to Champlin Hall .
go to the Emery Hall and then to Carrie Tower .
go to the Simmons Quadrangle and then to Berk's;Shanghai .
go to the Brown University Sciences Library and then to Soban .
go to the Rockefeller Library and then to College Hill Bookstore .
go to the CVS and then to Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to the BERT and then to 219 Bowen .
go to the Mencoff Hall and then to Hillel House .
go to the List Art Building and then to Pembroke Hall .
go to the Shirley Miller House and then to Blue State Coffee .
go to the Andrews Hall and then to Minden Hall .
go to the Sayles Hall and then to Second Time Around .
go to the Spiritus Fermenti and then to Brown University Sciences Library .
go to the Avon Cinema and then to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to the John Carter Brown Library and then to Berk's;Shanghai .
go to the New Pembroke 3 and then to Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to the Robinson Gate and then to Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the Rockefeller Library and then to West House .
go to the Andreas and then to Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to the Thayer and Meeting and then to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to the Pembroke Park and then to Mencoff Hall .
go to the War Memorial and then to Pleasant Surprises .
go to the Champlin Hall and then to Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to the Manning and then to Biomedical Center .
go to the Smith Buonanno Hall and then to Brown University Sciences Library .
go to the Metcalf Hall and then to Mencoff Hall .
go to the Slavery Memorial and then to Thayer and Meeting .
go to the Hope College and then to Metcalf Hall .
go to the Pembroke Park and then to Lot 18 .
go to the P-131317 and then to Avon Cinema .
go to the Class of 1887 Gate and then to Biomedical Center .
go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate and then to New Pembroke 1 .
go to the Arnold Laboratory and then to Spiritus Fermenti .
go to the Class of 1872 Gate and then to Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the BERT and then to New Pembroke 4 .
go to the Class of 1887 Gate and then to Andrews Hall .
go to the Idee di pietra and then to Granoff Center .
go to the Gardner House and then to Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the West House and then to William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to the Lyman Hall and then to West House .
go to the New Pembroke 3 and then to John Carter Brown Library .
go to the Supercuts and then to Lot 17 .
go to the Rhode Island Hall and then to Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology and then to Alumnae Hall .
go to the Biomedical Center and then to Lincoln Field Building .
go to the Van Wickle Gates and then to Alumnae Hall .
go to the Metcalf Hall and then to Mencoff Hall .
go to the The Ivy Room and then to Thayer and Meeting .
go to the Soban and then to List Art Building .
go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear and then to CVS .
go to the Berk's;Shanghai and then to Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall and then to John Hay Library .
go to the Pembroke Park and then to The Ivy Room .
go to the Sharpe Refectory and then to Brown University Bookstore .
go to the The Ivy Room and then to East Side Station Post Office .
move to Morriss Hall , but travel to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop first .
move to Sidney Frank Hall , but travel to the Brown Bear first .
move to Wayland , but travel to the J. R. Workman Garden first .
move to Sidney Frank Hall , but travel to the Maddock Alumni  first .
move to Urban Environmental Lab , but travel to the Pleasant Surprises first .
move to Prince Engineering Lab , but travel to the 111 Brown Street North House first .
move to College Green , but travel to the Blue State Coffee first .
move to Wilbour Hall , but travel to the Smith Buonanno Hall first .
move to Brown Bear , but travel to the Thayer and Meeting first .
move to East Side Station Post Office , but travel to the Wayland first .
move to New Pembroke 1 , but travel to the Watson Center for Information Technology first .
move to Shirley Miller House , but travel to the Facing Thayer first .
move to Medical Research Lab , but travel to the 111 Brown Street North House first .
move to Berk's;Shanghai , but travel to the Marston Hall first .
move to War Memorial , but travel to the Pleasant Surprises first .
move to West House , but travel to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology first .
move to Sidney Frank Hall , but travel to the John Hay Library first .
move to Van Wickle Gates , but travel to the Spiritus Fermenti first .
move to Watson Center for Information Technology , but travel to the Peter Green House first .
move to War Memorial , but travel to the Pleasant Surprises first .
move to Pembroke Park , but travel to the Starbucks first .
move to Minden Hall , but travel to the Hillel House first .
move to Wayland , but travel to the Metcalf Hall first .
move to Littlefield Hall , but travel to the 164 Angel first .
move to Sidney Frank Hall , but travel to the Maxcy Green first .
move to Lippit House , but travel to the Meeting Street Cafe first .
move to Blue State Coffee , but travel to the Hughes Court first .
move to 219 Bowen , but travel to the Maddock Alumni  first .
move to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building , but travel to the Finlandia first .
move to University Hall , but travel to the Sidney Frank Hall first .
move to Andrews Hall , but travel to the Van Wickle Gates first .
move to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate , but travel to the Spiritus Fermenti first .
move to Arnold Laboratory , but travel to the Biomedical Center first .
move to Berk's;Shanghai , but travel to the BERT first .
move to Kassar House , but travel to the College Hill Bookstore first .
move to Salon Persia , but travel to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ first .
move to Emery & Wooley , but travel to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop first .
move to Lyman Hall , but travel to the Emery Hall first .
move to Salon Persia , but travel to the William Goddard Memorial Gate first .
move to Meeting Street Cafe , but travel to the University Hall first .
move to Thayer and Cushing , but travel to the Blue Room first .
move to Facing Thayer , but travel to the Idee di pietra first .
move to 111 Brown Street North House , but travel to the Untitled Lamp/Bear first .
move to Brown University Sciences Library , but travel to the Metcalf Hall first .
move to Urban Environmental Lab , but travel to the New Pembroke 1 first .
move to University Hall , but travel to the Metcalf Hall first .
move to Verney-Woolley Hall , but travel to the Marston Hall first .
move to Thayer and Meeting , but travel to the Van Wickle Gates first .
move to Prospect House , but travel to the Andrews Hall first .
move to CVS , but travel to the Medical Research Lab first .
move to Emery Hall , but travel to the Hegeman first .
move to Emery & Wooley , but travel to the Sharpe Refectory first .
move to Smith Buonanno Hall , but travel to the Robinson Gate first .
move to Emery Hall , but travel to the J.W. Wilson first .
move to J. R. Workman Garden , but travel to the Brown Bear first .
move to Faunce House , but travel to the Andrews Hall first .
move to Robinson Hall , but travel to the Supercuts first .
move to Sharpe Refectory , but travel to the Metcalf Hall first .
move to CVS , but travel to the Marston Hall first .
go from the Meeting Street Cafe to War Memorial .
go from the New Pembroke 4 to Brown Bear .
go from the Faunce House to Spiritus Fermenti .
go from the BERT to CVS .
go from the Finlandia to Andrews Hall .
go from the Wayland to West House .
go from the 67 George to Hillel House .
go from the Minden Hall to Sidney Frank Hall .
go from the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology to Spiritus Fermenti .
go from the Andreas to John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go from the Campus Market to CVS .
go from the Sharpe Refectory to Smith Buonanno Hall .
go from the Urban Environmental Lab to 219 Bowen .
go from the Horace Mann House to Sharpe House .
go from the Slater Hall to College Hill Bookstore .
go from the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority to Emery & Wooley .
go from the Marston Hall to Salon Persia .
go from the Swearer Center for Public Service to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go from the Van Wickle Gates to New Pembroke 4 .
go from the Supercuts to Hughes Court .
go from the Emery Hall to Kassar House .
go from the Second Time Around to 67 George .
go from the J. R. Workman Garden to Manning .
go from the Medical Research Lab to Sharpe House .
go from the New Pembroke 3 to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go from the 67 George to Brown University Bookstore .
go from the Rockefeller Library to East Side Station Post Office .
go from the Brown University Bookstore to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go from the Salomon Center for Teaching to Blue State Coffee .
go from the New Pembroke 1 to Rhode Island Hall .
go from the Miller Hall to Van Wickle Gates .
go from the Salon Persia to Friedman Hall .
go from the Untitled Lamp/Bear to Brown University Bookstore .
go from the Verney-Woolley Hall to Van Wickle Gates .
go from the Blue State Coffee to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go from the Meeting Street Cafe to List Art Building .
go from the Manning to West House .
go from the College Green to Metcalf Hall .
go from the 111 Brown Street North House to The Ivy Room .
go from the Blue State Coffee to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go from the Thayer and Meeting to Caswell Hall .
go from the Medical Research Lab to Facing Thayer .
go from the Andrews Hall to Marston Hall .
go from the Lot 17 to Hillel House .
go from the Meeting Street Cafe to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go from the Sidney Frank Hall to Rockefeller Library .
go from the Second Time Around to Norwood House .
go from the Simmons Quadrangle to College Hill Bookstore .
go from the Soban to The Ivy Room .
go from the William Goddard Memorial Gate to College Hill Bookstore .
go from the John Nicholas Brown Gate to Supercuts .
go from the Class of 1887 Gate to New Pembroke 3 .
go from the Andreas to Brown University Sciences Library .
go from the Lincoln Field Building to Andreas .
go from the Thayer and Cushing to 67 George .
go to Smith Buonanno Hall through the Kassar House
go to Miller Hall through the Salomon Center for Teaching
go to Lippit House through the 111 Brown Street North House
go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ through the Pembroke Hall
go to CVS through the John Carter Brown Library
go to Faunce House through the Blue State Coffee
go to Spiritus Fermenti through the Friedman Hall
go to Alumnae Hall through the P-131317
go to The Ivy Room through the Andrews Terrace
go to Kassar House through the Sidney Frank Hall
go to Andrews Hall through the Van Wickle Gates
go to East Side Station Post Office through the Blue Room
go to New Pembroke 1 through the Wayland
go to Berk's;Shanghai through the Prospect House
go to Smith Buonanno Hall through the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority
go to Lyman Hall through the Alumnae Hall
go to Lot 18 through the Pleasant Surprises
go to New Pembroke 3 through the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology
go to Sharpe Refectory through the West House
go to Peter Green House through the 67 George
go to Biomedical Center through the Arnold Laboratory
go to Pembroke Park through the Lyman Hall
go to Maxcy Green through the Verney-Woolley Hall
go to Hegeman through the CVS
go to Spiritus Fermenti through the Medical Research Lab
go to Sidney Frank Hall through the Sharpe Refectory
go to Sidney Frank Hall through the Salomon Center for Teaching
go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology through the Soban
go to Hillel House through the Class of 1887 Gate
go to Brown Bear through the West House
go to Van Wickle Gates through the Andreas
go to Biomedical Center through the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity
go to Hughes Court through the New Pembroke 1
go to Carrie Tower through the Smith Buonanno Hall
go to Verney-Woolley Hall through the BERT
go to Metcalf Hall through the Hegeman
go to Norwood House through the Facing Thayer
go to Pembroke Hall through the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology
go to Pembroke Park through the Mencoff Hall
go to Pleasant Surprises through the Class of 1887 Gate
go to Robinson Hall through the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building
go to Brown University through the Thayer and Meeting
go to Spiritus Fermenti through the Carrie Tower
go to Norwood House through the Pembroke Hall
go to Simmons Quadrangle through the Thayer and Cushing
go to Citizen's Bank through the Thayer and Cushing
go to Granoff Center through the Sharpe Refectory
go to Arnold Laboratory through the Meeting Street Cafe
go to Granoff Center through the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall
go to Berk's;Shanghai through the Rockefeller Library
go to New Pembroke 2 through the Lincoln Field Building
go to P-131317 through the 111 Brown Street North House
go to Morriss Hall through the Gardner House
go to Maddock Alumni  through the West House
go to Avon Cinema through the Brown University Sciences Library
go to Thayer and Cushing through the Barus Building
go to Slater Hall through the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building
go to BERT through the Alumnae Hall
go to Brown University Bookstore through the Hegeman
go to Pleasant Surprises through the Saint Stephens Church
go to University Hall through the J. R. Workman Garden
go to Caswell Hall through the Meeting Street Cafe
go to Alumnae Hall through the Finlandia
go to Maxcy Green through the Smith Buonanno Hall
go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences through the New Pembroke 1
go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall through the Thayer and Cushing
go to New Pembroke 3 through the Lot 76
go to Spiritus Fermenti through the Lincoln Field Building
go to Swearer Center for Public Service through the Sidney Frank Hall
go to Granoff Center through the Citizen's Bank
go to Andreas through the Robinson Hall
go to Soldiers Memorial Gate through the Smith Buonanno Hall
go to Citizen's Bank through the Andrews Terrace
go to Andrews Terrace through the Urban Environmental Lab
go to Slavery Memorial through the Facing Thayer
go to Soldiers Memorial Gate through the Peter Green House
go to Blue Room through the Champlin Hall
go to Brown University Bookstore through the Finlandia
go to Hillel House through the John Carter Brown Library
go to East Side Station Post Office through the The Ivy Room
go to Salomon Center for Teaching through the Pembroke Park
go to Prince Engineering Lab through the Alumnae Hall
go to Blue State Coffee through the Class of 1872 Gate
go to Facing Thayer through the Faunce House
go to Meeting Street Cafe through the Brown University Sciences Library
go to Class of 1887 Gate through the Granoff Center
go to Second Time Around through the Lot 76
go to Andrews Hall through the Brown University
go to New Pembroke 4 through the Prospect House
go to Finlandia through the West House
go to Maxcy Green through the Sidney Frank Hall
go to Metcalf Hall through the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate
go to Andreas through the Robinson Gate
go to Avon Cinema through the Prospect House
go to Casey Shearer Memorial through the Supercuts
go to Supercuts through the John Hay Library
go to War Memorial through the West House
go to New Pembroke 3 through the Caswell Hall
go to University Hall through the Pembroke Park
go to New Pembroke 3 through the Horace Mann House
go to Soldiers Memorial Gate through the Miller Hall
go to Hillel House through the John Carter Brown Library
go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority through the Berk's;Shanghai
go to Soban through the Metcalf Research Building
go to Emery & Wooley through the Caswell Hall
go to Soban through the Norwood House
go to Caswell Hall and then to Peter Green House
go to Brown University Bookstore and then to Class of 1887 Gate
go to Watson Center for Information Technology and then to Meeting Street Cafe
go to Brown University Bookstore and then to The Ivy Room
go to Andrews Terrace and then to Arnold Laboratory
go to Spiritus Fermenti and then to Prince Engineering Lab
go to Berk's;Shanghai and then to Casey Shearer Memorial
go to Sidney Frank Hall and then to Swearer Center for Public Service
go to Sears and then to New Pembroke 4
go to Rhode Island Hall and then to J. R. Workman Garden
go to Van Wickle Gates and then to Avon Cinema
go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity and then to 219 Bowen
go to Metcalf Hall and then to Walter Hall
go to Miller Hall and then to Untitled Lamp/Bear
go to Maxcy Green and then to West House
go to Shirley Miller House and then to Morriss Hall
go to Andrews Terrace and then to Circle Dance Sculpture
go to 164 Angel and then to Lincoln Field Building
go to Emery & Wooley and then to BERT
go to Facing Thayer and then to Rhode Island Hall
go to Hughes Court and then to Andreas
go to Casey Shearer Memorial and then to West House
go to Thayer and Cushing and then to Quiet Green
go to Casey Shearer Memorial and then to Salon Persia
go to Miller Hall and then to Simmons Quadrangle
go to Friedman Hall and then to Thayer and Cushing
go to New Pembroke 2 and then to Brown Center for Students of Color
go to University Hall and then to Alumnae Hall
go to Casey Shearer Memorial and then to Brown University Bookstore
go to John Hay Library and then to Emery Hall
go to John Hay Library and then to Andreas
go to College Hill Bookstore and then to Rhode Island Hall
go to Metcalf Research Building and then to New Pembroke 1
go to Circle Dance Sculpture and then to 219 Bowen
go to Prince Engineering Lab and then to Blue State Coffee
go to Casey Shearer Memorial and then to Sharpe House
go to Carrie Tower and then to Second Time Around
go to Finlandia and then to CVS
go to Maxcy Green and then to New Pembroke 2
go to Brown University Sciences Library and then to New Pembroke 2
go to 67 George and then to Sharpe House
go to Rhode Island Hall and then to New Pembroke 3
go to Hegeman and then to East Side Station Post Office
go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology and then to Sidney Frank Hall
go to West House and then to Shirley Miller House
go to Mencoff Hall and then to Thayer and Meeting
go to Lot 76 and then to Sidney Frank Hall
go to Idee di pietra and then to New Pembroke 1
go to 164 Angel and then to Robinson Hall
go to New Pembroke 1 and then to Brown Bear
go to Biomedical Center and then to Manning
go to Pleasant Surprises and then to Norwood House
go to Smith Buonanno Hall and then to Brown Center for Students of Color
go to Soban and then to The Ivy Room
go to Marcus Aurelius and then to Biomedical Center
go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate and then to Avon Cinema
go to New Pembroke 1 and then to Maddock Alumni 
go to Avon Cinema and then to Caswell Hall
go through the Miller Hall to John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go through the Supercuts to Sayles Hall .
go through the Verney-Woolley Hall to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go through the Van Wickle Gates to Supercuts .
go through the Thayer and Meeting to Lippit House .
go through the Wayland to Biomedical Center .
go through the Andrews Hall to Slavery Memorial .
go through the 164 Angel to Maddock Alumni  .
go through the Hughes Court to Thayer and Meeting .
go through the Barus Building to Champlin Hall .
go through the Metcalf Research Building to Brown University Bookstore .
go through the New Pembroke 2 to Prospect House .
go through the Lippit House to Biomedical Center .
go through the Metcalf Hall to The Ivy Room .
go through the Thayer and Cushing to Brown University .
go through the Maxcy Hall to Andrews Terrace .
go through the Sharpe Refectory to Emery & Wooley .
go through the Mencoff Hall to Granoff Center .
go through the Smith Buonanno Hall to Brown Bear .
go through the List Art Building to Sharpe House .
go through the Pembroke Park to Caswell Hall .
go through the Morriss Hall to Lippit House .
go through the Sidney Frank Hall to Carrie Tower .
go through the Champlin Hall to Slater Hall .
go through the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate to West House .
go through the Thayer and Cushing to Blue Room .
go through the 164 Angel to The Ivy Room .
go through the List Art Building to J. R. Workman Garden .
go through the Soldiers Memorial Gate to Thayer and Meeting .
go through the Thayer and Meeting to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go through the Brown Bear to Hillel House .
go through the Granoff Center to John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go through the The Ivy Room to Thayer and Cushing .
go through the University Hall to Thayer and Cushing .
go through the 164 Angel to P-131317 .
go through the Sayles Hall to Facing Thayer .
go through the Meeting Street Cafe to Marcus Aurelius .
go through the Peter Green House to Class of 1887 Gate .
go through the Granoff Center to J.W. Wilson .
go through the Meeting Street Cafe to Medical Research Lab .
go through the Brown Bear to Granoff Center .
go through the Van Wickle Gates to Pembroke Hall .
go through the Barus Building to Sidney Frank Hall .
go through the Lincoln Field Building to Salon Persia .
go through the Peter Green House to Lot 76 .
go through the West House to 86 Waterman  .
go through the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ to Andreas .
go through the Andreas to Lippit House .
go through the Walter Hall to 219 Bowen .
go through the Pembroke Park to Lyman Hall .
go through the Biomedical Center to Wriston Quad .
go through the Alumnae Hall to Prince Engineering Lab .
go through the Friedman Hall to Peter Green House .
go through the CVS to Norwood House .
go to the Supercuts before you navigate to Urban Environmental Lab .
go to the Lot 76 before you navigate to Andrews Terrace .
go to the Sharpe Refectory before you navigate to Avon Cinema .
go to the Thayer and Cushing before you navigate to Brown University Sciences Library .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall before you navigate to Littlefield Hall .
go to the Starbucks before you navigate to CVS .
go to the Faunce House before you navigate to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to the Norwood House before you navigate to Spiritus Fermenti .
go to the Blue State Coffee before you navigate to Campus Market .
go to the Andreas before you navigate to Maddock Alumni  .
go to the Quiet Green before you navigate to Andrews Terrace .
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate before you navigate to Second Time Around .
go to the Spiritus Fermenti before you navigate to Class of 1872 Gate .
go to the Brown University before you navigate to New Pembroke 2 .
go to the 164 Angel before you navigate to Kassar House .
go to the Finlandia before you navigate to Granoff Center .
go to the Quiet Green before you navigate to Alumnae Hall .
go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear before you navigate to Berk's;Shanghai .
go to the Pembroke Park before you navigate to Sears .
go to the Andreas before you navigate to Lot 17 .
go to the Manning before you navigate to Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to the Shirley Miller House before you navigate to Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall before you navigate to Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to the Metcalf Research Building before you navigate to Peter Green House .
go to the Faunce House before you navigate to Avon Cinema .
go to the Littlefield Hall before you navigate to 111 Brown Street North House .
go to the Andrews Terrace before you navigate to Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to the Metcalf Hall before you navigate to Medical Research Lab .
go to the Wilbour Hall before you navigate to Supercuts .
go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building before you navigate to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to the West House before you navigate to Maddock Alumni  .
go to the Emery Hall before you navigate to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to the Robinson Gate before you navigate to Pleasant Surprises .
go to the Wilbour Hall before you navigate to Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to the University Hall before you navigate to Peter Green House .
go to the Emery Hall before you navigate to Class of 1872 Gate .
go to the Sharpe House before you navigate to Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to the Lot 76 before you navigate to Thayer and Cushing .
go to the Finlandia before you navigate to Alumnae Hall .
go to the Biomedical Center before you navigate to Arnold Laboratory .
go to the Brown University Bookstore before you navigate to Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Sears before you navigate to Sharpe House .
go to the Peter Green House before you navigate to Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Lyman Hall before you navigate to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to the 219 Bowen before you navigate to Idee di pietra .
go to the Van Wickle Gates before you navigate to Second Time Around .
go to the Mencoff Hall before you navigate to Blue State Coffee .
go to the Robinson Hall before you navigate to College Hill Bookstore .
go to the Class of 1887 Gate before you navigate to Andrews Terrace .
go to the Maddock Alumni  before you navigate to West House .
go to the 111 Brown Street North House before you navigate to Class of 1872 Gate .
go to the J.W. Wilson before you navigate to CVS .
go to the Lot 17 before you navigate to Pleasant Surprises .
go to the Emery & Wooley before you navigate to Prospect House .
go to the Brown University Bookstore before you navigate to Lot 76 .
go to the College Hill Bookstore before you navigate to Wayland .
go to the Blue State Coffee before you navigate to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to the 219 Bowen before you navigate to Brown University .
go to the John Hay Library before you navigate to Thayer and Cushing .
travel to the Van Wickle Gates and then go to Facing Thayer .
travel to the Andrews Hall and then go to Lincoln Field Building .
travel to the Rhode Island Hall and then go to Emery & Wooley .
travel to the Prospect House and then go to Second Time Around .
travel to the New Pembroke 2 and then go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
travel to the Pembroke Park and then go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
travel to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ and then go to Berk's;Shanghai .
travel to the William Goddard Memorial Gate and then go to Sidney Frank Hall .
travel to the Meeting Street Cafe and then go to Manning .
travel to the College Hill Bookstore and then go to Robinson Hall .
travel to the Berk's;Shanghai and then go to John Hay Library .
travel to the Barus Building and then go to 219 Bowen .
travel to the Granoff Center and then go to Lot 18 .
travel to the Maxcy Green and then go to 164 Angel .
travel to the Wilbour Hall and then go to Granoff Center .
travel to the Blue Room and then go to Facing Thayer .
travel to the Maddock Alumni  and then go to West House .
travel to the 111 Brown Street North House and then go to Metcalf Research Building .
travel to the Emery & Wooley and then go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
travel to the Salon Persia and then go to 67 George .
travel to the J. R. Workman Garden and then go to Urban Environmental Lab .
travel to the East Side Station Post Office and then go to John Carter Brown Library .
travel to the Robinson Gate and then go to Miller Hall .
travel to the Shirley Miller House and then go to Pembroke Park .
travel to the Hillel House and then go to Citizen's Bank .
travel to the Mencoff Hall and then go to Alumnae Hall .
travel to the Blue State Coffee and then go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
travel to the Maxcy Hall and then go to Metcalf Hall .
travel to the Supercuts and then go to Medical Research Lab .
travel to the Kassar House and then go to Andrews Hall .
travel to the Brown Center for Students of Color and then go to Blue State Coffee .
travel to the Casey Shearer Memorial and then go to West House .
travel to the West House and then go to Mencoff Hall .
travel to the New Pembroke 3 and then go to List Art Building .
travel to the New Pembroke 1 and then go to Horace Mann House .
travel to the Granoff Center and then go to Brown University Sciences Library .
travel to the Soban and then go to P-131317 .
travel to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity and then go to Blue State Coffee .
travel to the P-131317 and then go to Andrews Hall .
travel to the Lot 18 and then go to West House .
travel to the Miller Hall and then go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
travel to the Untitled Lamp/Bear and then go to New Pembroke 2 .
travel to the Norwood House and then go to College Hill Bookstore .
travel to the College Hill Bookstore and then go to Lincoln Field Building .
travel to the West House and then go to Sears .
travel to the Metcalf Research Building and then go to Salon Persia .
travel to the Avon Cinema and then go to Soldiers Memorial Gate .
travel to the Pleasant Surprises and then go to John Hay Library .
travel to the Supercuts and then go to P-131317 .
travel to the Starbucks and then go to New Pembroke 4 .
travel to the Hughes Court and then go to Sidney Frank Hall .
travel to the Untitled Lamp/Bear and then go to Brown University Bookstore .
travel to the Meeting Street Cafe and then go to Maddock Alumni  .
travel to the Thayer and Cushing and then go to Finlandia .
travel to the Sidney Frank Hall and then go to Hope College .
go to the Metcalf Hall and then to Rhode Island Hall .
go to the Blue State Coffee and then to University Hall .
go to the Pembroke Hall and then to Lincoln Field Building .
go to the Biomedical Center and then to War Memorial .
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority and then to CVS .
go to the Pleasant Surprises and then to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to the 164 Angel and then to Gardner House .
go to the Sharpe Refectory and then to 219 Bowen .
go to the Minden Hall and then to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to the 111 Brown Street North House and then to Wriston Quad .
go to the Robinson Hall and then to Salon Persia .
go to the Gardner House and then to Emery Hall .
go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear and then to Andrews Terrace .
go to the Finlandia and then to Facing Thayer .
go to the Lot 17 and then to Soban .
go to the Thayer and Cushing and then to Manning .
go to the Prospect House and then to College Hill Bookstore .
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity and then to CVS .
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall and then to Saint Stephens Church .
go to the Biomedical Center and then to Brown Bear .
go to the Wilbour Hall and then to Avon Cinema .
go to the Robinson Hall and then to Biomedical Center .
go to the Friedman Hall and then to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to the Soban and then to Sayles Hall .
go to the College Hill Bookstore and then to Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to the Slater Hall and then to Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the Champlin Hall and then to Brown Bear .
go to the Lot 76 and then to Blue State Coffee .
go to the Metcalf Hall and then to Urban Environmental Lab .
go to the Alumnae Hall and then to Class of 1887 Gate .
go to the Casey Shearer Memorial and then to Blue State Coffee .
go to the Carrie Tower and then to Champlin Hall .
go to the Morriss Hall and then to Sharpe Refectory .
go to the Robinson Gate and then to 164 Angel .
go to the List Art Building and then to CVS .
go to the Thayer and Cushing and then to John Carter Brown Library .
go to the College Hill Bookstore and then to Starbucks .
go to the Meeting Street Cafe and then to Wilbour Hall .
go to the Norwood House and then to New Pembroke 1 .
go to the Citizen's Bank and then to Avon Cinema .
go to the John Hay Library and then to Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to the Horace Mann House and then to Morriss Hall .
go to the Salon Persia and then to College Green .
go to the Alumnae Hall and then to Maxcy Green .
go to the New Pembroke 3 and then to Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to the Maxcy Green and then to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to the Granoff Center and then to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to the Prince Engineering Lab and then to Hillel House .
go to the Brown Bear and then to Emery & Wooley .
go to the Emery Hall and then to Wayland .
go to the Thayer and Cushing and then to J.W. Wilson .
go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate and then to Soban .
go to the John Hay Library and then to Meeting Street Cafe .
go to the Pembroke Hall and then to Littlefield Hall .
go to the College Hill Bookstore and then head to John Hay Library .
go to the John Hay Library and then head to Soban .
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority and then head to 164 Angel .
go to the John Carter Brown Library and then head to New Pembroke 4 .
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop and then head to Emery & Wooley .
go to the Wilbour Hall and then head to West House .
go to the Brown University Bookstore and then head to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate and then head to Granoff Center .
go to the 67 George and then head to Meeting Street Cafe .
go to the Avon Cinema and then head to Maxcy Hall .
go to the Sharpe House and then head to Lot 18 .
go to the Wriston Quad and then head to West House .
go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences and then head to Miller Hall .
go to the Pembroke Hall and then head to Prince Engineering Lab .
go to the Emery Hall and then head to Quiet Green .
go to the Pembroke Park and then head to Class of 1872 Gate .
go to the BERT and then head to J. R. Workman Garden .
go to the Prospect House and then head to 111 Brown Street North House .
go to the Alumnae Hall and then head to Robinson Gate .
go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building and then head to Walter Hall .
go to the Metcalf Research Building and then head to Biomedical Center .
go to the Alumnae Hall and then head to Marston Hall .
go to the Sharpe Refectory and then head to New Pembroke 3 .
go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building and then head to Class of 1872 Gate .
go to the Andreas and then head to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to the Maxcy Green and then head to 111 Brown Street North House .
go to the Andrews Terrace and then head to Shirley Miller House .
go to the Hope College and then head to Thayer and Meeting .
go to the War Memorial and then head to Sharpe House .
go to the Medical Research Lab and then head to J. R. Workman Garden .
go to the Supercuts and then head to Saint Stephens Church .
go to the Quiet Green and then head to Andrews Terrace .
go to the Marcus Aurelius and then head to Sharpe House .
go to the Manning and then head to 111 Brown Street North House .
go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology and then head to Champlin Hall .
go to the Citizen's Bank and then head to Andreas .
go to the Soban and then head to Hegeman .
go to the Andrews Hall and then head to The Ivy Room .
go to the Andreas and then head to Prospect House .
go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate and then head to Avon Cinema .
go to the Horace Mann House and then head to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to the Metcalf Hall and then head to Mencoff Hall .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall and then head to Brown University Sciences Library .
go to the J.W. Wilson and then head to Pleasant Surprises .
go to the Manning and then head to 164 Angel .
go to the Brown University Bookstore and then head to War Memorial .
go to the Mencoff Hall and then head to J. R. Workman Garden .
go to the Circle Dance Sculpture and then head to New Pembroke 4 .
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority and then head to Miller Hall .
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology and then head to Supercuts .
navigate to Brown University Bookstore through the Van Wickle Gates .
navigate to Untitled Lamp/Bear through the New Pembroke 1 .
navigate to Andrews Terrace through the Walter Hall .
navigate to New Pembroke 4 through the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
navigate to Swearer Center for Public Service through the West House .
navigate to Alumnae Hall through the Lippit House .
navigate to Verney-Woolley Hall through the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
navigate to Biomedical Center through the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
navigate to Sharpe House through the Walter Hall .
navigate to Brown University Bookstore through the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
navigate to West House through the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
navigate to New Pembroke 4 through the Gardner House .
navigate to Supercuts through the 67 George .
navigate to Soban through the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
navigate to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences through the Sidney Frank Hall .
navigate to Lot 76 through the Andrews Hall .
navigate to Granoff Center through the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
navigate to Peter Green House through the Faunce House .
navigate to Friedman Hall through the Emery Hall .
navigate to Andrews Hall through the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
navigate to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences through the Salon Persia .
navigate to Wilbour Hall through the Meeting Street Cafe .
navigate to 67 George through the Avon Cinema .
navigate to Supercuts through the Brown Bear .
navigate to Brown University through the Andrews Terrace .
navigate to Citizen's Bank through the Salon Persia .
navigate to Blue State Coffee through the Brown University Sciences Library .
navigate to Morriss Hall through the BERT .
navigate to J.W. Wilson through the New Pembroke 3 .
navigate to Smith Buonanno Hall through the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
navigate to Marcus Aurelius through the West House .
navigate to Facing Thayer through the Prospect House .
navigate to Avon Cinema through the Lot 18 .
navigate to New Pembroke 4 through the Maxcy Green .
navigate to Thayer and Meeting through the Lot 17 .
navigate to CVS through the Brown University Sciences Library .
navigate to Morriss Hall through the Littlefield Hall .
navigate to Medical Research Lab through the Meeting Street Cafe .
navigate to Salomon Center for Teaching through the Sidney Frank Hall .
navigate to Champlin Hall through the Class of 1887 Gate .
navigate to Lot 76 through the Biomedical Center .
navigate to Hillel House through the Brown Bear .
navigate to Alumnae Hall through the Slavery Memorial .
navigate to Meeting Street Cafe through the Class of 1872 Gate .
navigate to Facing Thayer through the Friedman Hall .
navigate to East Side Station Post Office through the Casey Shearer Memorial .
navigate to Wayland through the Brown University Bookstore .
navigate to Facing Thayer through the P-131317 .
navigate to West House through the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
navigate to Sayles Hall through the New Pembroke 2 .
navigate to Lippit House through the Metcalf Hall .
go to Pembroke Hall . then go directly to Swearer Center for Public Service
go to Class of 1887 Gate . then go directly to Emery & Wooley
go to Soldiers Memorial Gate . then go directly to 219 Bowen
go to Circle Dance Sculpture . then go directly to 219 Bowen
go to Supercuts . then go directly to Finlandia
go to Robinson Gate . then go directly to 111 Brown Street North House
go to Caswell Hall . then go directly to West House
go to Thayer and Meeting . then go directly to Medical Research Lab
go to Lyman Hall . then go directly to New Pembroke 1
go to Hope College . then go directly to 219 Bowen
go to Arnold Laboratory . then go directly to Biomedical Center
go to Supercuts . then go directly to Brown University
go to East Side Station Post Office . then go directly to Maxcy Green
go to Biomedical Center . then go directly to Blue Room
go to Maddock Alumni  . then go directly to Biomedical Center
go to Minden Hall . then go directly to New Pembroke 4
go to Prince Engineering Lab . then go directly to Biomedical Center
go to The Ivy Room . then go directly to Salon Persia
go to Rockefeller Library . then go directly to Emery Hall
go to Meeting Street Cafe . then go directly to Medical Research Lab
go to New Pembroke 4 . then go directly to Littlefield Hall
go to College Hill Bookstore . then go directly to Soldiers Memorial Gate
go to College Green . then go directly to Meeting Street Cafe
go to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building . then go directly to Manning
go to Avon Cinema . then go directly to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ
go to Sayles Hall . then go directly to Blue State Coffee
go to Brown University . then go directly to Thayer and Meeting
go to Littlefield Hall . then go directly to Emery & Wooley
go to Lot 76 . then go directly to 219 Bowen
go to University Hall . then go directly to Sidney Frank Hall
go to Marcus Aurelius . then go directly to Smith Buonanno Hall
go to Berk's;Shanghai . then go directly to Sears
go to New Pembroke 2 . then go directly to Brown Bear
go to Slater Hall . then go directly to Thayer and Cushing
go to Lincoln Field Building . then go directly to College Hill Bookstore
go to Brown Center for Students of Color . then go directly to Second Time Around
go to List Art Building . then go directly to Hillel House
go to Sayles Hall . then go directly to Sharpe House
go to Metcalf Hall . then go directly to Untitled Lamp/Bear
go to Brown Center for Students of Color . then go directly to Meeting Street Cafe
go to John Hay Library . then go directly to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building
go to Brown University Bookstore . then go directly to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity
go to Prince Engineering Lab . then go directly to Berk's;Shanghai
go to Maddock Alumni  . then go directly to Second Time Around
go to East Side Station Post Office . then go directly to Robinson Hall
go to Soldiers Memorial Gate . then go directly to Andreas
go to Champlin Hall . then go directly to Friedman Hall
go to New Pembroke 3 . then go directly to Citizen's Bank
go to Blue State Coffee . then go directly to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop
go to 164 Angel . then go directly to Untitled Lamp/Bear
go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology . then go directly to Salon Persia
go to Smith Buonanno Hall . then go directly to John Hay Library
go to Prince Engineering Lab . then go directly to Biomedical Center
go to Marcus Aurelius . then go directly to Thayer and Cushing
go to the Metcalf Hall then go to Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity then go to New Pembroke 4 .
go to the List Art Building then go to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to the Manning then go to 164 Angel .
go to the Littlefield Hall then go to Pleasant Surprises .
go to the 219 Bowen then go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to the J. R. Workman Garden then go to Wriston Quad .
go to the College Hill Bookstore then go to Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to the New Pembroke 4 then go to College Green .
go to the Pembroke Park then go to Simmons Quadrangle .
go to the CVS then go to Lot 76 .
go to the Emery Hall then go to Friedman Hall .
go to the 164 Angel then go to Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to the Pembroke Hall then go to Walter Hall .
go to the New Pembroke 2 then go to Lot 76 .
go to the Van Wickle Gates then go to Sharpe House .
go to the Prince Engineering Lab then go to Supercuts .
go to the Pleasant Surprises then go to Prospect House .
go to the War Memorial then go to Miller Hall .
go to the Brown University Bookstore then go to Rhode Island Hall .
go to the Pembroke Park then go to Idee di pietra .
go to the Second Time Around then go to University Hall .
go to the Soban then go to Wriston Quad .
go to the Spiritus Fermenti then go to Saint Stephens Church .
go to the Facing Thayer then go to Lyman Hall .
go to the Metcalf Research Building then go to Biomedical Center .
go to the Alumnae Hall then go to Lyman Hall .
go to the Pleasant Surprises then go to John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to the Circle Dance Sculpture then go to Peter Green House .
go to the Alumnae Hall then go to Idee di pietra .
go to the Minden Hall then go to Biomedical Center .
go to the 164 Angel then go to Norwood House .
go to the West House then go to Manning .
go to the Pembroke Hall then go to Wayland .
go to the Shirley Miller House then go to Metcalf Hall .
go to the West House then go to Class of 1887 Gate .
go to the Thayer and Meeting then go to Prince Engineering Lab .
go to the Saint Stephens Church then go to J. R. Workman Garden .
go to the Class of 1872 Gate then go to College Hill Bookstore .
go to the J.W. Wilson then go to 219 Bowen .
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate then go to Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the Facing Thayer then go to Arnold Laboratory .
go to the Idee di pietra then go to Supercuts .
go to the Citizen's Bank then go to New Pembroke 1 .
go to the Simmons Quadrangle then go to Andrews Terrace .
go to the Maddock Alumni  then go to Granoff Center .
go to the Sears then go to Emery & Wooley .
go to the Hope College then go to Berk's;Shanghai .
go to the Morriss Hall then go to List Art Building .
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall then go to J.W. Wilson .
go to the John Carter Brown Library then go to Pembroke Park .
go to the Sears then go J. R. Workman Garden .
go to the 219 Bowen then go Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to the Spiritus Fermenti then go College Green .
go to the Horace Mann House then go Meeting Street Cafe .
go to the 67 George then go 111 Brown Street North House .
go to the Robinson Hall then go Thayer and Cushing .
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate then go Facing Thayer .
go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear then go Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to the Brown University Bookstore then go Wayland .
go to the Maxcy Hall then go Facing Thayer .
go to the 67 George then go Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the Alumnae Hall then go Wriston Quad .
go to the Thayer and Cushing then go Sears .
go to the Marcus Aurelius then go Morriss Hall .
go to the Brown University Sciences Library then go Pembroke Park .
go to the Thayer and Cushing then go P-131317 .
go to the West House then go Slavery Memorial .
go to the Prince Engineering Lab then go Spiritus Fermenti .
go to the 111 Brown Street North House then go GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to the New Pembroke 1 then go Quiet Green .
go to the Meeting Street Cafe then go Simmons Quadrangle .
go to the BERT then go Hillel House .
go to the Facing Thayer then go Maxcy Green .
go to the Slater Hall then go Pembroke Hall .
go to the Andrews Hall then go Slater Hall .
go to the Urban Environmental Lab then go Hillel House .
go to the Salon Persia then go Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to the West House then go Saint Stephens Church .
go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate then go Sharpe House .
go to the 219 Bowen then go Friedman Hall .
go to the Miller Hall then go Manning .
go to the New Pembroke 2 then go Robinson Hall .
go to the Andreas then go Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to the Rockefeller Library then go New Pembroke 3 .
go to the Berk's;Shanghai then go Class of 1887 Gate .
go to the Wriston Quad then go 164 Angel .
go to the Andrews Terrace then go Wriston Quad .
go to the Marston Hall then go Facing Thayer .
go to the Miller Hall then go BERT .
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ then go Alumnae Hall .
go to the John Carter Brown Library then go Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to the Maxcy Green then go West House .
go to the 219 Bowen then go Kassar House .
go to the College Hill Bookstore then go Shirley Miller House .
go to the New Pembroke 2 then go Arnold Laboratory .
go to the Andreas then go List Art Building .
go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear then go Andreas .
go to the Faunce House then go New Pembroke 4 .
go to the Metcalf Research Building then go Second Time Around .
go to the War Memorial then go New Pembroke 2 .
go to the Hope College then go East Side Station Post Office .
go to the Thayer and Meeting then go Lot 17 .
go to the Miller Hall then go Class of 1872 Gate .
go to the 164 Angel then go Gardner House .
go to the P-131317 then go New Pembroke 3 .
go to the Andrews Terrace then go GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall then go Campus Market .
go to the Prospect House then go Meeting Street Cafe .
go to Prince Engineering Lab via the CVS .
go to Littlefield Hall via the Peter Green House .
go to Blue State Coffee via the Prince Engineering Lab .
go to Pembroke Hall via the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall via the Thayer and Meeting .
go to Idee di pietra via the New Pembroke 1 .
go to P-131317 via the Alumnae Hall .
go to Granoff Center via the Rockefeller Library .
go to Marcus Aurelius via the Facing Thayer .
go to Untitled Lamp/Bear via the Meeting Street Cafe .
go to Miller Hall via the Prince Engineering Lab .
go to 86 Waterman  via the Sharpe House .
go to Prospect House via the Thayer and Meeting .
go to Gardner House via the Emery Hall .
go to East Side Station Post Office via the Hughes Court .
go to Maxcy Hall via the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to Finlandia via the Sharpe House .
go to Lincoln Field Building via the Metcalf Hall .
go to New Pembroke 3 via the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to Sidney Frank Hall via the Wriston Quad .
go to Kassar House via the Meeting Street Cafe .
go to War Memorial via the Soban .
go to Brown University Bookstore via the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to Mencoff Hall via the Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to West House via the 67 George .
go to Spiritus Fermenti via the Minden Hall .
go to List Art Building via the Alumnae Hall .
go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ via the Emery & Wooley .
go to Spiritus Fermenti via the Sayles Hall .
go to Miller Hall via the List Art Building .
go to Avon Cinema via the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to Miller Hall via the John Hay Library .
go to Wayland via the Second Time Around .
go to College Hill Bookstore via the Shirley Miller House .
go to Barus Building via the Pleasant Surprises .
go to Champlin Hall via the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to Marcus Aurelius via the Andrews Terrace .
go to John Nicholas Brown Gate via the Facing Thayer .
go to Lincoln Field Building via the Andrews Terrace .
go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity via the Alumnae Hall .
go to Maxcy Hall via the New Pembroke 4 .
go to Minden Hall via the Avon Cinema .
go to Starbucks via the Pembroke Park .
go to Andrews Terrace via the Marcus Aurelius .
go to East Side Station Post Office via the Sayles Hall .
go to Idee di pietra via the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to Andreas via the Medical Research Lab .
go to John Carter Brown Library via the Emery & Wooley .
go to Saint Stephens Church via the Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to CVS via the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to Robinson Gate via the West House .
go to New Pembroke 3 via the Manning .
go to Citizen's Bank through the Soban .
go to University Hall through the Sharpe House .
go to 111 Brown Street North House through the Saint Stephens Church .
go to Salon Persia through the Norwood House .
go to Campus Market through the East Side Station Post Office .
go to Berk's;Shanghai through the John Hay Library .
go to 111 Brown Street North House through the Gardner House .
go to Carrie Tower through the Champlin Hall .
go to Supercuts through the John Hay Library .
go to Kassar House through the East Side Station Post Office .
go to 111 Brown Street North House through the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to Slater Hall through the Emery Hall .
go to College Hill Bookstore through the Hegeman .
go to Brown University through the Thayer and Cushing .
go to Rockefeller Library through the Salon Persia .
go to Maxcy Green through the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to Thayer and Meeting through the John Hay Library .
go to Littlefield Hall through the Champlin Hall .
go to Saint Stephens Church through the New Pembroke 2 .
go to J. R. Workman Garden through the Idee di pietra .
go to Brown University through the Emery Hall .
go to Arnold Laboratory through the Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to CVS through the Urban Environmental Lab .
go to P-131317 through the Blue State Coffee .
go to Lot 17 through the Blue State Coffee .
go to 111 Brown Street North House through the Medical Research Lab .
go to List Art Building through the Hillel House .
go to Arnold Laboratory through the Miller Hall .
go to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building through the Wriston Quad .
go to Miller Hall through the Marcus Aurelius .
go to East Side Station Post Office through the Manning .
go to Rhode Island Hall through the Thayer and Meeting .
go to Kassar House through the Metcalf Hall .
go to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building through the Starbucks .
go to Lot 17 through the Pleasant Surprises .
go to Wilbour Hall through the Granoff Center .
go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority through the Avon Cinema .
go to Caswell Hall through the Emery Hall .
go to 67 George through the Pembroke Hall .
go to Brown University through the Champlin Hall .
go to Caswell Hall through the J. R. Workman Garden .
go to East Side Station Post Office through the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to Pleasant Surprises through the Lippit House .
go to CVS through the 86 Waterman  .
go to Brown University Bookstore through the Walter Hall .
go to List Art Building through the Andreas .
go to New Pembroke 2 through the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ through the Pleasant Surprises .
go to 164 Angel through the Simmons Quadrangle .
go to West House through the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop through the Supercuts .
go to Pembroke Park through the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go from Pembroke Hall to War Memorial .
go from Pembroke Hall to Maddock Alumni  .
go from Avon Cinema to Sears .
go from West House to Minden Hall .
go from Andrews Terrace to Quiet Green .
go from Carrie Tower to Salon Persia .
go from Soban to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go from Carrie Tower to Salon Persia .
go from Andrews Terrace to Faunce House .
go from P-131317 to Meeting Street Cafe .
go from Lyman Hall to Sharpe House .
go from Norwood House to College Hill Bookstore .
go from Rockefeller Library to New Pembroke 4 .
go from Campus Market to Sidney Frank Hall .
go from Spiritus Fermenti to Lot 18 .
go from Emery & Wooley to John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go from 219 Bowen to Idee di pietra .
go from Lincoln Field Building to Thayer and Cushing .
go from New Pembroke 3 to Brown University .
go from Hughes Court to Andreas .
go from Simmons Quadrangle to Emery Hall .
go from John Hay Library to Andreas .
go from Friedman Hall to Champlin Hall .
go from The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ to Brown University Bookstore .
go from Brown University to Soban .
go from New Pembroke 4 to Citizen's Bank .
go from Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop to Blue State Coffee .
go from Lot 17 to West House .
go from Metcalf Hall to Sharpe Refectory .
go from Norwood House to Andrews Hall .
go from Verney-Woolley Hall to University Hall .
go from Peter Green House to 67 George .
go from Sidney Frank Hall to Marston Hall .
go from John Carter Brown Library to New Pembroke 3 .
go from Brown University Sciences Library to Granoff Center .
go from GeoChem and Macmillian Hall to Brown University Bookstore .
go from Soldiers Memorial Gate to Emery & Wooley .
go from Supercuts to Citizen's Bank .
go from List Art Building to Pembroke Hall .
go from West House to Class of 1872 Gate .
go from Maxcy Hall to Emery & Wooley .
go from Brown University Bookstore to Faunce House .
go from Medical Research Lab to Granoff Center .
go from Circle Dance Sculpture to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go from Thayer and Cushing to College Green .
go from Sears to Blue State Coffee .
go from Sayles Hall to Miller Hall .
go from Miller Hall to Norwood House .
go from Mencoff Hall to Andrews Hall .
go from Caswell Hall to Blue State Coffee .
go from Avon Cinema to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go from College Hill Bookstore to P-131317 .
go from Miller Hall to Rhode Island Hall .
navigate to Brown University Sciences Library through the Alumnae Hall .
navigate to New Pembroke 3 through the Citizen's Bank .
navigate to Salomon Center for Teaching through the Alumnae Hall .
navigate to New Pembroke 3 through the Circle Dance Sculpture .
navigate to Verney-Woolley Hall through the Slavery Memorial .
navigate to West House through the Friedman Hall .
navigate to William Goddard Memorial Gate through the Second Time Around .
navigate to Miller Hall through the Carrie Tower .
navigate to Miller Hall through the John Hay Library .
navigate to Wilbour Hall through the Verney-Woolley Hall .
navigate to College Hill Bookstore through the Maxcy Green .
navigate to Facing Thayer through the Lot 18 .
navigate to New Pembroke 2 through the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
navigate to Verney-Woolley Hall through the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
navigate to Facing Thayer through the Lot 17 .
navigate to East Side Station Post Office through the Medical Research Lab .
navigate to Verney-Woolley Hall through the John Hay Library .
navigate to Prince Engineering Lab through the Meeting Street Cafe .
navigate to Maddock Alumni  through the Pleasant Surprises .
navigate to Soban through the Marston Hall .
navigate to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences through the Miller Hall .
navigate to Thayer and Cushing through the John Hay Library .
navigate to Morriss Hall through the Prince Engineering Lab .
navigate to Salomon Center for Teaching through the Andrews Hall .
navigate to 219 Bowen through the Campus Market .
navigate to Thayer and Cushing through the Hughes Court .
navigate to John Carter Brown Library through the Supercuts .
navigate to College Hill Bookstore through the Quiet Green .
navigate to Watson Center for Information Technology through the West House .
navigate to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority through the Peter Green House .
navigate to Minden Hall through the Pembroke Park .
navigate to Salon Persia through the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
navigate to John Carter Brown Library through the Thayer and Meeting .
navigate to Hope College through the College Hill Bookstore .
navigate to Mencoff Hall through the Biomedical Center .
navigate to BERT through the Supercuts .
navigate to Class of 1872 Gate through the Facing Thayer .
navigate to Idee di pietra through the College Hill Bookstore .
navigate to Horace Mann House through the Emery Hall .
navigate to Swearer Center for Public Service through the Hillel House .
navigate to Blue State Coffee through the John Carter Brown Library .
navigate to University Hall through the Emery Hall .
navigate to Soban through the John Hay Library .
navigate to Meeting Street Cafe through the Salomon Center for Teaching .
navigate to J. R. Workman Garden through the BERT .
navigate to Faunce House through the Sidney Frank Hall .
navigate to Rockefeller Library through the Thayer and Meeting .
navigate to Lippit House through the Andreas .
navigate to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building through the Class of 1872 Gate .
navigate to West House through the Faunce House .
navigate to Emery Hall through the Wriston Quad .
navigate to Van Wickle Gates through the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
navigate to Pembroke Park through the Maxcy Hall .
navigate to Untitled Lamp/Bear through the Pembroke Park .
navigate to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building through the J.W. Wilson .
navigate to Andrews Terrace through the Watson Center for Information Technology .
navigate to Granoff Center through the Barus Building .
navigate to Watson Center for Information Technology through the CVS .
navigate to the Sayles Hall then continue to Pembroke Park .
navigate to the Lot 17 then continue to Morriss Hall .
navigate to the Metcalf Hall then continue to The Ivy Room .
navigate to the Thayer and Meeting then continue to Brown Bear .
navigate to the 111 Brown Street North House then continue to P-131317 .
navigate to the J. R. Workman Garden then continue to John Carter Brown Library .
navigate to the 111 Brown Street North House then continue to College Green .
navigate to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate then continue to Pleasant Surprises .
navigate to the Peter Green House then continue to Prince Engineering Lab .
navigate to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate then continue to CVS .
navigate to the Kassar House then continue to West House .
navigate to the Hope College then continue to Miller Hall .
navigate to the Biomedical Center then continue to Untitled Lamp/Bear .
navigate to the 111 Brown Street North House then continue to Brown Center for Students of Color .
navigate to the John Nicholas Brown Gate then continue to New Pembroke 4 .
navigate to the Champlin Hall then continue to Sayles Hall .
navigate to the Finlandia then continue to Avon Cinema .
navigate to the Meeting Street Cafe then continue to Finlandia .
navigate to the Pembroke Park then continue to Medical Research Lab .
navigate to the Urban Environmental Lab then continue to Pembroke Hall .
navigate to the Pleasant Surprises then continue to Van Wickle Gates .
navigate to the West House then continue to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
navigate to the Smith Buonanno Hall then continue to John Nicholas Brown Gate .
navigate to the Watson Center for Information Technology then continue to Sidney Frank Hall .
navigate to the Berk's;Shanghai then continue to Wriston Quad .
navigate to the Facing Thayer then continue to Slater Hall .
navigate to the Emery & Wooley then continue to Swearer Center for Public Service .
navigate to the Metcalf Hall then continue to Class of 1872 Gate .
navigate to the Arnold Laboratory then continue to Sidney Frank Hall .
navigate to the Biomedical Center then continue to Slater Hall .
navigate to the Biomedical Center then continue to Slavery Memorial .
navigate to the Verney-Woolley Hall then continue to Lot 18 .
navigate to the Prospect House then continue to Salon Persia .
navigate to the Slavery Memorial then continue to Soban .
navigate to the Andreas then continue to Walter Hall .
navigate to the Maxcy Hall then continue to Andreas .
navigate to the Brown Bear then continue to Sidney Frank Hall .
navigate to the New Pembroke 1 then continue to Hope College .
navigate to the List Art Building then continue to Andrews Terrace .
navigate to the Sears then continue to Emery Hall .
navigate to the Emery & Wooley then continue to Norwood House .
navigate to the Sidney Frank Hall then continue to University Hall .
navigate to the Lippit House then continue to West House .
navigate to the New Pembroke 3 then continue to Untitled Lamp/Bear .
navigate to the Pembroke Park then continue to Simmons Quadrangle .
navigate to the Blue Room then continue to New Pembroke 3 .
navigate to the Brown University Bookstore then continue to Campus Market .
navigate to the Van Wickle Gates then continue to 219 Bowen .
navigate to the Hillel House then continue to Slavery Memorial .
navigate to the Spiritus Fermenti then continue to Lippit House .
navigate to the Emery & Wooley then continue to Campus Market .
navigate to the Supercuts then continue to Rockefeller Library .
navigate to the Sears then continue to Salon Persia .
move to the Miller Hall and then head to Shirley Miller House .
move to the Marcus Aurelius and then head to Spiritus Fermenti .
move to the College Hill Bookstore and then head to Hegeman .
move to the Andreas and then head to John Carter Brown Library .
move to the Maxcy Hall and then head to Brown University Bookstore .
move to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity and then head to Spiritus Fermenti .
move to the Blue Room and then head to Peter Green House .
move to the Hughes Court and then head to Soban .
move to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall and then head to New Pembroke 3 .
move to the Andreas and then head to Swearer Center for Public Service .
move to the Second Time Around and then head to College Green .
move to the New Pembroke 1 and then head to Robinson Gate .
move to the College Hill Bookstore and then head to Salomon Center for Teaching .
move to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall and then head to Spiritus Fermenti .
move to the The Ivy Room and then head to Blue State Coffee .
move to the Soban and then head to Circle Dance Sculpture .
move to the Sidney Frank Hall and then head to Rhode Island Hall .
move to the John Hay Library and then head to Alumnae Hall .
move to the Class of 1872 Gate and then head to 219 Bowen .
move to the Citizen's Bank and then head to Smith Buonanno Hall .
move to the Thayer and Cushing and then head to Van Wickle Gates .
move to the Miller Hall and then head to The Ivy Room .
move to the Van Wickle Gates and then head to Hillel House .
move to the Meeting Street Cafe and then head to Brown Bear .
move to the Alumnae Hall and then head to Hegeman .
move to the Finlandia and then head to Meeting Street Cafe .
move to the Sayles Hall and then head to New Pembroke 4 .
move to the Slater Hall and then head to Pleasant Surprises .
move to the Pembroke Park and then head to Caswell Hall .
move to the Berk's;Shanghai and then head to Kassar House .
move to the Brown Bear and then head to New Pembroke 4 .
move to the Campus Market and then head to Granoff Center .
move to the Granoff Center and then head to Brown University .
move to the West House and then head to 86 Waterman  .
move to the Sidney Frank Hall and then head to Shirley Miller House .
move to the Faunce House and then head to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
move to the West House and then head to Barus Building .
move to the Campus Market and then head to West House .
move to the Hegeman and then head to Alumnae Hall .
move to the Sears and then head to West House .
move to the Soldiers Memorial Gate and then head to Alumnae Hall .
move to the Soban and then head to Friedman Hall .
move to the Brown University and then head to Avon Cinema .
move to the P-131317 and then head to College Hill Bookstore .
move to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building and then head to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
move to the William Goddard Memorial Gate and then head to Emery & Wooley .
move to the Facing Thayer and then head to Class of 1872 Gate .
move to the Pembroke Hall and then head to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
move to the Horace Mann House and then head to J. R. Workman Garden .
move to the Andrews Hall and then head to Prince Engineering Lab .
move to the Brown Bear and then head to Emery Hall .
move to the Wriston Quad and then head to Emery & Wooley .
move to the East Side Station Post Office and then head to Minden Hall .
move to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate and then head to Verney-Woolley Hall .
move to the Thayer and Meeting and then head to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
move to the BERT and then head to Miller Hall .
move to the New Pembroke 3 and then head to Sears .
move to the List Art Building and then head to Sharpe House .
go to Horace Mann House after navigating to the New Pembroke 3 .
go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall after navigating to the Blue State Coffee .
go to New Pembroke 3 after navigating to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to Spiritus Fermenti after navigating to the John Hay Library .
go to Biomedical Center after navigating to the Friedman Hall .
go to Salon Persia after navigating to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to Morriss Hall after navigating to the Wriston Quad .
go to Untitled Lamp/Bear after navigating to the New Pembroke 1 .
go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate after navigating to the Pleasant Surprises .
go to New Pembroke 3 after navigating to the Slavery Memorial .
go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop after navigating to the 219 Bowen .
go to Lincoln Field Building after navigating to the Brown University Bookstore .
go to College Hill Bookstore after navigating to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to New Pembroke 3 after navigating to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to Champlin Hall after navigating to the Rhode Island Hall .
go to Manning after navigating to the New Pembroke 2 .
go to Morriss Hall after navigating to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to Berk's;Shanghai after navigating to the Shirley Miller House .
go to New Pembroke 4 after navigating to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to Spiritus Fermenti after navigating to the Wayland .
go to Faunce House after navigating to the Supercuts .
go to Thayer and Meeting after navigating to the Idee di pietra .
go to 111 Brown Street North House after navigating to the Caswell Hall .
go to Lot 18 after navigating to the Hillel House .
go to Casey Shearer Memorial after navigating to the New Pembroke 3 .
go to John Hay Library after navigating to the Peter Green House .
go to Pembroke Park after navigating to the Marston Hall .
go to West House after navigating to the Maxcy Green .
go to Wayland after navigating to the New Pembroke 2 .
go to Kassar House after navigating to the West House .
go to 111 Brown Street North House after navigating to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to Champlin Hall after navigating to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to Sharpe House after navigating to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to Littlefield Hall after navigating to the 111 Brown Street North House .
go to Class of 1887 Gate after navigating to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to Marcus Aurelius after navigating to the Thayer and Meeting .
go to Blue Room after navigating to the New Pembroke 3 .
go to Horace Mann House after navigating to the Peter Green House .
go to 164 Angel after navigating to the Marston Hall .
go to Lippit House after navigating to the Miller Hall .
go to Morriss Hall after navigating to the Manning .
go to Rockefeller Library after navigating to the Thayer and Meeting .
go to Brown University after navigating to the Supercuts .
go to Granoff Center after navigating to the Medical Research Lab .
go to Spiritus Fermenti after navigating to the Class of 1872 Gate .
go to J. R. Workman Garden after navigating to the Starbucks .
go to Emery & Wooley after navigating to the Lot 76 .
go to Gardner House after navigating to the Second Time Around .
go to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building after navigating to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to Meeting Street Cafe after navigating to the Idee di pietra .
go to 67 George after navigating to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to Sayles Hall after navigating to the Hillel House .
go to Hughes Court after navigating to the Thayer and Meeting .
go to Meeting Street Cafe after navigating to the Finlandia .
go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority after navigating to the Blue State Coffee .
go to New Pembroke 3 after navigating to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to Finlandia after navigating to the Berk's;Shanghai .
go to New Pembroke 1 after navigating to the 86 Waterman  .
go to College Green through the Blue State Coffee .
go to CVS through the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to East Side Station Post Office through the Lyman Hall .
go to Campus Market through the 111 Brown Street North House .
go to Wilbour Hall through the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to Friedman Hall through the New Pembroke 4 .
go to Lot 17 through the Supercuts .
go to Brown Bear through the Pleasant Surprises .
go to New Pembroke 3 through the Prospect House .
go to Brown Bear through the 111 Brown Street North House .
go to Watson Center for Information Technology through the Thayer and Cushing .
go to Wayland through the Andreas .
go to P-131317 through the Facing Thayer .
go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate through the Andrews Terrace .
go to Sidney Frank Hall through the Caswell Hall .
go to Lippit House through the Second Time Around .
go to Finlandia through the Hillel House .
go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall through the Biomedical Center .
go to Brown University Sciences Library through the Supercuts .
go to Avon Cinema through the 67 George .
go to Faunce House through the Brown University Bookstore .
go to 219 Bowen through the Shirley Miller House .
go to College Hill Bookstore through the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to College Hill Bookstore through the Lippit House .
go to Emery & Wooley through the Lippit House .
go to Soban through the Carrie Tower .
go to Berk's;Shanghai through the War Memorial .
go to Pembroke Park through the Minden Hall .
go to Manning through the Meeting Street Cafe .
go to Miller Hall through the Medical Research Lab .
go to Maxcy Hall through the Andrews Hall .
go to Class of 1887 Gate through the 111 Brown Street North House .
go to Norwood House through the J. R. Workman Garden .
go to Morriss Hall through the Brown Bear .
go to Mencoff Hall through the Berk's;Shanghai .
go to Urban Environmental Lab through the Alumnae Hall .
go to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building through the Maxcy Hall .
go to The Ivy Room through the Champlin Hall .
go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority through the Thayer and Meeting .
go to New Pembroke 4 through the Kassar House .
go to Robinson Hall through the Pembroke Hall .
go to New Pembroke 3 through the Lot 17 .
go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop through the Andrews Hall .
go to John Hay Library through the Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to Lot 17 through the Brown University Bookstore .
go to Blue Room through the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to Van Wickle Gates through the New Pembroke 2 .
go to Minden Hall through the Avon Cinema .
go to Mencoff Hall through the CVS .
go to Hughes Court through the Meeting Street Cafe .
go to New Pembroke 1 through the Manning .
go to Thayer and Cushing through the University Hall .
go to Pleasant Surprises through the Brown University Sciences Library .
go to Manning through the Miller Hall
go to Sidney Frank Hall through the Van Wickle Gates
go to Finlandia through the Thayer and Cushing
go to Wriston Quad through the Hillel House
go to Maxcy Hall through the Brown University Bookstore
go to Van Wickle Gates through the Thayer and Meeting
go to Brown Center for Students of Color through the Peter Green House
go to Finlandia through the Soban
go to Class of 1872 Gate through the J. R. Workman Garden
go to Marcus Aurelius through the Emery & Wooley
go to Horace Mann House through the West House
go to Sidney Frank Hall through the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop
go to J.W. Wilson through the Thayer and Meeting
go to Casey Shearer Memorial through the Facing Thayer
go to Second Time Around through the Brown University
go to Carrie Tower through the Granoff Center
go to Lippit House through the Smith Buonanno Hall
go to Kassar House through the CVS
go to Urban Environmental Lab through the Morriss Hall
go to Sharpe House through the Sharpe Refectory
go to Morriss Hall through the J.W. Wilson
go to Brown Bear through the Facing Thayer
go to Hope College through the College Hill Bookstore
go to Idee di pietra through the Pembroke Hall
go to Idee di pietra through the Granoff Center
go to Granoff Center through the Arnold Laboratory
go to East Side Station Post Office through the Horace Mann House
go to New Pembroke 3 through the Brown Bear
go to 111 Brown Street North House through the Hughes Court
go to Hope College through the CVS
go to Andreas through the Casey Shearer Memorial
go to John Nicholas Brown Gate through the Granoff Center
go to Littlefield Hall through the Thayer and Meeting
go to Lincoln Field Building through the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building
go to Swearer Center for Public Service through the Salon Persia
go to Avon Cinema through the Prospect House
go to West House through the College Green
go to Andrews Terrace through the Lot 76
go to Sharpe House through the Littlefield Hall
go to Pembroke Park through the Wriston Quad
go to New Pembroke 2 through the Maddock Alumni 
go to Arnold Laboratory through the Supercuts
go to Van Wickle Gates through the Peter Green House
go to Gardner House through the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building
go to Friedman Hall through the Supercuts
go to Champlin Hall through the Sayles Hall
go to Simmons Quadrangle through the West House
go to Horace Mann House through the Morriss Hall
go to Sharpe House through the Urban Environmental Lab
go to Emery & Wooley through the Lot 18
go through the Andrews Hall to William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go through the Andrews Terrace to Hughes Court .
go through the Sidney Frank Hall to Shirley Miller House .
go through the Champlin Hall to Simmons Quadrangle .
go through the CVS to Quiet Green .
go through the Metcalf Research Building to Andrews Hall .
go through the Avon Cinema to The Ivy Room .
go through the Hope College to 164 Angel .
go through the Marston Hall to Thayer and Cushing .
go through the Salon Persia to Lot 17 .
go through the Brown Bear to West House .
go through the Pembroke Park to Marcus Aurelius .
go through the Lot 17 to Sidney Frank Hall .
go through the Blue State Coffee to Lot 76 .
go through the John Carter Brown Library to Emery Hall .
go through the Class of 1887 Gate to Soban .
go through the Andreas to Manning .
go through the Verney-Woolley Hall to William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go through the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority to Metcalf Hall .
go through the 219 Bowen to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go through the Lyman Hall to Smith Buonanno Hall .
go through the Thayer and Cushing to Quiet Green .
go through the Pleasant Surprises to John Hay Library .
go through the Slavery Memorial to New Pembroke 1 .
go through the Slavery Memorial to Hillel House .
go through the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall to Hillel House .
go through the New Pembroke 4 to Brown University .
go through the Salon Persia to Arnold Laboratory .
go through the Campus Market to Verney-Woolley Hall .
go through the Medical Research Lab to Meeting Street Cafe .
go through the Kassar House to 111 Brown Street North House .
go through the Sidney Frank Hall to Hope College .
go through the Avon Cinema to Brown University Sciences Library .
go through the Friedman Hall to Miller Hall .
go through the Metcalf Research Building to Sidney Frank Hall .
go through the 111 Brown Street North House to Norwood House .
go through the Mencoff Hall to Hillel House .
go through the Brown Center for Students of Color to 219 Bowen .
go through the Lincoln Field Building to 111 Brown Street North House .
go through the John Hay Library to West House .
go through the Soldiers Memorial Gate to Salon Persia .
go through the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building to Lincoln Field Building .
go through the CVS to Kassar House .
go through the Brown Center for Students of Color to Blue State Coffee .
go through the Campus Market to College Hill Bookstore .
go through the Maxcy Hall to Pembroke Hall .
go through the East Side Station Post Office to List Art Building .
go through the 219 Bowen to Brown Bear .
go through the Hughes Court to Pembroke Park .
go through the East Side Station Post Office to College Green .
go through the CVS to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go through the Manning to Blue State Coffee .
go through the New Pembroke 4 to BERT .
go from the Maxcy Hall to Avon Cinema
go from the P-131317 to Peter Green House
go from the Class of 1872 Gate to Thayer and Cushing
go from the Swearer Center for Public Service to College Hill Bookstore
go from the Andreas to John Hay Library
go from the Class of 1887 Gate to Berk's;Shanghai
go from the John Hay Library to Emery & Wooley
go from the Pembroke Park to Carrie Tower
go from the Second Time Around to Lyman Hall
go from the Maxcy Hall to Miller Hall
go from the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building to Robinson Gate
go from the BERT to Biomedical Center
go from the 86 Waterman  to East Side Station Post Office
go from the Van Wickle Gates to Morriss Hall
go from the 219 Bowen to University Hall
go from the Marcus Aurelius to Sidney Frank Hall
go from the West House to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology
go from the Andrews Terrace to 86 Waterman 
go from the Kassar House to Avon Cinema
go from the West House to Carrie Tower
go from the Walter Hall to Soban
go from the Shirley Miller House to Soban
go from the Pleasant Surprises to Maxcy Green
go from the Prince Engineering Lab to East Side Station Post Office
go from the West House to Simmons Quadrangle
go from the Thayer and Cushing to Watson Center for Information Technology
go from the Morriss Hall to 86 Waterman 
go from the Littlefield Hall to New Pembroke 4
go from the Andreas to Arnold Laboratory
go from the New Pembroke 1 to Norwood House
go from the Van Wickle Gates to Soban
go from the John Nicholas Brown Gate to Thayer and Cushing
go from the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building to Brown Bear
go from the Littlefield Hall to Pembroke Park
go from the Metcalf Hall to Shirley Miller House
go from the New Pembroke 4 to Prospect House
go from the 86 Waterman  to Spiritus Fermenti
go from the Swearer Center for Public Service to Thayer and Meeting
go from the Champlin Hall to Rhode Island Hall
go from the Class of 1872 Gate to Hillel House
go from the Simmons Quadrangle to Andrews Hall
go from the Andrews Terrace to Untitled Lamp/Bear
go from the Emery Hall to Hope College
go from the Sharpe House to Class of 1872 Gate
go from the Wilbour Hall to Facing Thayer
go from the Minden Hall to CVS
go from the Blue State Coffee to Brown Bear
go from the Circle Dance Sculpture to Second Time Around
go from the Salomon Center for Teaching to Thayer and Cushing
go from the Casey Shearer Memorial to Brown University Bookstore
move to Class of 1887 Gate after moving to the Supercuts .
move to New Pembroke 3 after moving to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
move to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building after moving to the Van Wickle Gates .
move to Horace Mann House after moving to the Meeting Street Cafe .
move to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity after moving to the Andreas .
move to West House after moving to the John Hay Library .
move to Spiritus Fermenti after moving to the Prospect House .
move to Sidney Frank Hall after moving to the Rockefeller Library .
move to Hughes Court after moving to the Alumnae Hall .
move to Andreas after moving to the Slavery Memorial .
move to Pembroke Hall after moving to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
move to Citizen's Bank after moving to the Sidney Frank Hall .
move to Untitled Lamp/Bear after moving to the Brown University Bookstore .
move to Hope College after moving to the Pleasant Surprises .
move to Untitled Lamp/Bear after moving to the Andrews Hall .
move to Pembroke Park after moving to the Simmons Quadrangle .
move to Lyman Hall after moving to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
move to Prince Engineering Lab after moving to the West House .
move to Manning after moving to the Champlin Hall .
move to Emery Hall after moving to the Van Wickle Gates .
move to New Pembroke 1 after moving to the Friedman Hall .
move to Soban after moving to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
move to Medical Research Lab after moving to the Andrews Terrace .
move to Brown Bear after moving to the New Pembroke 2 .
move to 164 Angel after moving to the Quiet Green .
move to Sears after moving to the Thayer and Cushing .
move to 164 Angel after moving to the Gardner House .
move to Meeting Street Cafe after moving to the Marcus Aurelius .
move to Emery Hall after moving to the Rhode Island Hall .
move to Brown University after moving to the West House .
move to West House after moving to the College Green .
move to Idee di pietra after moving to the Avon Cinema .
move to 67 George after moving to the Sidney Frank Hall .
move to Robinson Gate after moving to the New Pembroke 1 .
move to Meeting Street Cafe after moving to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
move to Swearer Center for Public Service after moving to the New Pembroke 1 .
move to Second Time Around after moving to the Wriston Quad .
move to Minden Hall after moving to the Sharpe House .
move to Watson Center for Information Technology after moving to the 219 Bowen .
move to Salon Persia after moving to the Class of 1887 Gate .
move to Hughes Court after moving to the 111 Brown Street North House .
move to Horace Mann House after moving to the Biomedical Center .
move to Andrews Terrace after moving to the Marston Hall .
move to P-131317 after moving to the Emery & Wooley .
move to 67 George after moving to the Thayer and Cushing .
move to 164 Angel after moving to the Manning .
move to Pembroke Hall after moving to the Hughes Court .
move to West House after moving to the Walter Hall .
move to Pleasant Surprises after moving to the Rhode Island Hall .
move to John Carter Brown Library after moving to the New Pembroke 1 .
move to Campus Market after moving to the Emery Hall .
move to John Carter Brown Library after moving to the College Hill Bookstore .
move to Sharpe House after moving to the Hegeman .
go to Walter Hall via the Thayer and Cushing .
go to Caswell Hall via the New Pembroke 2 .
go to New Pembroke 1 via the Lot 76 .
go to Metcalf Hall via the Maddock Alumni  .
go to Carrie Tower via the Meeting Street Cafe .
go to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building via the J.W. Wilson .
go to Miller Hall via the Prospect House .
go to Pembroke Hall via the Marcus Aurelius .
go to Brown Center for Students of Color via the Meeting Street Cafe .
go to Hughes Court via the Salon Persia .
go to Sharpe House via the Barus Building .
go to Sidney Frank Hall via the Van Wickle Gates .
go to Biomedical Center via the Marcus Aurelius .
go to Hillel House via the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to Slater Hall via the Sharpe House .
go to Champlin Hall via the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to Sharpe House via the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to J. R. Workman Garden via the Blue Room .
go to Sears via the College Hill Bookstore .
go to Granoff Center via the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to Casey Shearer Memorial via the West House .
go to Second Time Around via the Prospect House .
go to Pleasant Surprises via the The Ivy Room .
go to Hope College via the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to Thayer and Meeting via the Horace Mann House .
go to J.W. Wilson via the Biomedical Center .
go to Class of 1887 Gate via the Brown University Bookstore .
go to New Pembroke 4 via the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to Lot 76 via the College Hill Bookstore .
go to Shirley Miller House via the 164 Angel .
go to 219 Bowen via the Marston Hall .
go to Metcalf Research Building via the Meeting Street Cafe .
go to Andreas via the Sayles Hall .
go to Marcus Aurelius via the New Pembroke 1 .
go to Sidney Frank Hall via the Maxcy Hall .
go to Medical Research Lab via the J. R. Workman Garden .
go to Thayer and Cushing via the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to New Pembroke 4 via the Slater Hall .
go to 111 Brown Street North House via the Barus Building .
go to Hegeman via the New Pembroke 3 .
go to Casey Shearer Memorial via the Meeting Street Cafe .
go to Littlefield Hall via the Soban .
go to New Pembroke 2 via the Walter Hall .
go to Sayles Hall via the Supercuts .
go to Lincoln Field Building via the West House .
go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ via the Pembroke Park .
go to 219 Bowen via the Barus Building .
go to Champlin Hall via the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to Idee di pietra via the Supercuts .
go to John Hay Library via the College Hill Bookstore .
go to New Pembroke 1 via the The Ivy Room .
go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority via the Second Time Around .
go to The Ivy Room via the Miller Hall .
go to Brown University Sciences Library via the Andrews Hall .
go to Mencoff Hall via the Andrews Terrace .
go to Casey Shearer Memorial via the Verney-Woolley Hall .
navigate to the East Side Station Post Office before going to Lyman Hall .
navigate to the College Hill Bookstore before going to Lincoln Field Building .
navigate to the John Nicholas Brown Gate before going to Pembroke Hall .
navigate to the Sidney Frank Hall before going to Quiet Green .
navigate to the West House before going to Starbucks .
navigate to the Walter Hall before going to Smith Buonanno Hall .
navigate to the College Hill Bookstore before going to Lincoln Field Building .
navigate to the Brown University Sciences Library before going to Pembroke Park .
navigate to the Barus Building before going to Brown University Bookstore .
navigate to the The Ivy Room before going to New Pembroke 1 .
navigate to the Sidney Frank Hall before going to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
navigate to the Salon Persia before going to Watson Center for Information Technology .
navigate to the Arnold Laboratory before going to Emery & Wooley .
navigate to the Wilbour Hall before going to Avon Cinema .
navigate to the Brown Center for Students of Color before going to Pembroke Park .
navigate to the Second Time Around before going to List Art Building .
navigate to the 67 George before going to New Pembroke 1 .
navigate to the Marcus Aurelius before going to Soban .
navigate to the College Hill Bookstore before going to Prospect House .
navigate to the Quiet Green before going to West House .
navigate to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority before going to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
navigate to the Wayland before going to Sidney Frank Hall .
navigate to the Lincoln Field Building before going to Sidney Frank Hall .
navigate to the Walter Hall before going to College Hill Bookstore .
navigate to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop before going to Emery & Wooley .
navigate to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity before going to CVS .
navigate to the Arnold Laboratory before going to Berk's;Shanghai .
navigate to the Shirley Miller House before going to Meeting Street Cafe .
navigate to the Avon Cinema before going to Walter Hall .
navigate to the Van Wickle Gates before going to Thayer and Cushing .
navigate to the Sears before going to Facing Thayer .
navigate to the Hillel House before going to Casey Shearer Memorial .
navigate to the Meeting Street Cafe before going to Maxcy Green .
navigate to the Champlin Hall before going to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
navigate to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building before going to Untitled Lamp/Bear .
navigate to the Campus Market before going to Sharpe House .
navigate to the Verney-Woolley Hall before going to Arnold Laboratory .
navigate to the Shirley Miller House before going to Verney-Woolley Hall .
navigate to the New Pembroke 4 before going to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
navigate to the Supercuts before going to Brown Bear .
navigate to the Saint Stephens Church before going to Spiritus Fermenti .
navigate to the Facing Thayer before going to Wriston Quad .
navigate to the New Pembroke 1 before going to Brown Bear .
navigate to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology before going to Alumnae Hall .
navigate to the Rhode Island Hall before going to Peter Green House .
navigate to the Citizen's Bank before going to Peter Green House .
navigate to the Champlin Hall before going to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
navigate to the Kassar House before going to Avon Cinema .
navigate to the Citizen's Bank before going to CVS .
navigate to the Rhode Island Hall before going to West House .
go from the Sharpe Refectory to the Granoff Center
go from the Thayer and Cushing to the Robinson Hall
go from the Smith Buonanno Hall to the Urban Environmental Lab
go from the Hegeman to the Emery Hall
go from the Champlin Hall to the Untitled Lamp/Bear
go from the Medical Research Lab to the Sidney Frank Hall
go from the Lot 17 to the 111 Brown Street North House
go from the Marston Hall to the Blue State Coffee
go from the Carrie Tower to the Blue State Coffee
go from the Lot 17 to the East Side Station Post Office
go from the Thayer and Cushing to the Caswell Hall
go from the Lippit House to the Sidney Frank Hall
go from the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology to the Spiritus Fermenti
go from the Salon Persia to the Minden Hall
go from the J.W. Wilson to the Sidney Frank Hall
go from the Prospect House to the Andrews Hall
go from the Facing Thayer to the Medical Research Lab
go from the Quiet Green to the Miller Hall
go from the Morriss Hall to the Mencoff Hall
go from the 67 George to the Andreas
go from the West House to the Sayles Hall
go from the Watson Center for Information Technology to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building
go from the Brown University Bookstore to the Untitled Lamp/Bear
go from the Avon Cinema to the Littlefield Hall
go from the Idee di pietra to the Smith Buonanno Hall
go from the Alumnae Hall to the Soldiers Memorial Gate
go from the Horace Mann House to the New Pembroke 4
go from the Shirley Miller House to the Pembroke Park
go from the Thayer and Cushing to the Wilbour Hall
go from the New Pembroke 1 to the Littlefield Hall
go from the John Hay Library to the Meeting Street Cafe
go from the 111 Brown Street North House to the Van Wickle Gates
go from the J. R. Workman Garden to the Manning
go from the Lincoln Field Building to the Thayer and Cushing
go from the Maxcy Hall to the Smith Buonanno Hall
go from the Meeting Street Cafe to the Lot 18
go from the Berk's;Shanghai to the Swearer Center for Public Service
go from the J. R. Workman Garden to the Blue Room
go from the Morriss Hall to the Wilbour Hall
go from the Hope College to the Meeting Street Cafe
go from the Slavery Memorial to the Smith Buonanno Hall
go from the Wriston Quad to the 164 Angel
go from the Norwood House to the New Pembroke 4
go from the West House to the College Green
go from the Prospect House to the Pembroke Hall
go from the Norwood House to the West House
go from the CVS to the Manning
go from the Salon Persia to the Walter Hall
go from the Hughes Court to the Salon Persia
go from the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop to the 164 Angel
go from the West House to the Rhode Island Hall
go from the 164 Angel to the Saint Stephens Church
go from the New Pembroke 2 to the John Hay Library
go from the Hegeman to the Pembroke Park
go from the Metcalf Hall to the Lot 18
go from the Littlefield Hall to the Sharpe House
navigate to the Class of 1872 Gate always passing through the Emery Hall .
navigate to the New Pembroke 1 always passing through the Metcalf Research Building .
navigate to the Sears always passing through the Biomedical Center .
navigate to the Lot 18 always passing through the Sidney Frank Hall .
navigate to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ always passing through the Salon Persia .
navigate to the Quiet Green always passing through the Thayer and Meeting .
navigate to the East Side Station Post Office always passing through the Blue Room .
navigate to the New Pembroke 1 always passing through the Hope College .
navigate to the Supercuts always passing through the Class of 1872 Gate .
navigate to the Spiritus Fermenti always passing through the Sears .
navigate to the Casey Shearer Memorial always passing through the CVS .
navigate to the Arnold Laboratory always passing through the Smith Buonanno Hall .
navigate to the Saint Stephens Church always passing through the 164 Angel .
navigate to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall always passing through the Berk's;Shanghai .
navigate to the Verney-Woolley Hall always passing through the List Art Building .
navigate to the Smith Buonanno Hall always passing through the Norwood House .
navigate to the Rockefeller Library always passing through the West House .
navigate to the Sharpe House always passing through the Starbucks .
navigate to the Untitled Lamp/Bear always passing through the West House .
navigate to the Lincoln Field Building always passing through the Champlin Hall .
navigate to the Thayer and Meeting always passing through the Marston Hall .
navigate to the Berk's;Shanghai always passing through the Class of 1887 Gate .
navigate to the West House always passing through the 86 Waterman  .
navigate to the Pembroke Hall always passing through the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
navigate to the Quiet Green always passing through the Sidney Frank Hall .
navigate to the West House always passing through the P-131317 .
navigate to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop always passing through the Metcalf Hall .
navigate to the Andrews Terrace always passing through the Class of 1872 Gate .
navigate to the Andreas always passing through the List Art Building .
navigate to the 164 Angel always passing through the Medical Research Lab .
navigate to the Wayland always passing through the West House .
navigate to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building always passing through the University Hall .
navigate to the Saint Stephens Church always passing through the 164 Angel .
navigate to the Van Wickle Gates always passing through the 111 Brown Street North House .
navigate to the List Art Building always passing through the Champlin Hall .
navigate to the Brown Center for Students of Color always passing through the West House .
navigate to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building always passing through the Circle Dance Sculpture .
navigate to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop always passing through the Avon Cinema .
navigate to the Brown University Bookstore always passing through the Friedman Hall .
navigate to the Shirley Miller House always passing through the Emery Hall .
navigate to the Faunce House always passing through the Second Time Around .
navigate to the University Hall always passing through the J. R. Workman Garden .
navigate to the Prospect House always passing through the Andreas .
navigate to the Sidney Frank Hall always passing through the Marcus Aurelius .
navigate to the New Pembroke 2 always passing through the Idee di pietra .
navigate to the College Hill Bookstore always passing through the Lyman Hall .
navigate to the Metcalf Research Building always passing through the Alumnae Hall .
navigate to the East Side Station Post Office always passing through the Simmons Quadrangle .
navigate to the Andrews Terrace always passing through the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
navigate to the Salon Persia always passing through the Rhode Island Hall .
navigate to the Horace Mann House always passing through the Hillel House .
navigate to the Morriss Hall always passing through the Brown University Sciences Library .
navigate to the Hillel House always passing through the Campus Market .
navigate to the Idee di pietra always passing through the Verney-Woolley Hall .
navigate to the Brown University Bookstore always passing through the Wayland .
navigate to the Sharpe House always passing through the Lot 17 .
navigate to the Andrews Terrace always passing through the Blue Room .
navigate to the 164 Angel always passing through the Maddock Alumni  .
navigate to the Wayland always passing through the Pleasant Surprises .
navigate to the Avon Cinema always passing through the Campus Market .
go to the Arnold Laboratory by first going to the Thayer and Cushing .
go to the Lot 17 by first going to the Andrews Hall .
go to the List Art Building by first going to the Facing Thayer .
go to the Champlin Hall by first going to the Robinson Hall .
go to the Thayer and Cushing by first going to the Norwood House .
go to the Lot 76 by first going to the Blue State Coffee .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall by first going to the Finlandia .
go to the Medical Research Lab by first going to the Miller Hall .
go to the Barus Building by first going to the Meeting Street Cafe .
go to the Avon Cinema by first going to the War Memorial .
go to the Simmons Quadrangle by first going to the Facing Thayer .
go to the CVS by first going to the John Carter Brown Library .
go to the Manning by first going to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the War Memorial by first going to the 111 Brown Street North House .
go to the Granoff Center by first going to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate by first going to the Morriss Hall .
go to the Sharpe House by first going to the Saint Stephens Church .
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority by first going to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to the Van Wickle Gates by first going to the Metcalf Hall .
go to the Campus Market by first going to the Sharpe House .
go to the John Hay Library by first going to the Blue State Coffee .
go to the Avon Cinema by first going to the Urban Environmental Lab .
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ by first going to the Peter Green House .
go to the Marston Hall by first going to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the Lincoln Field Building by first going to the 164 Angel .
go to the Andreas by first going to the Urban Environmental Lab .
go to the Maxcy Green by first going to the Pembroke Park .
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop by first going to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the Wayland by first going to the Berk's;Shanghai .
go to the Pleasant Surprises by first going to the Marcus Aurelius .
go to the Emery Hall by first going to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Biomedical Center by first going to the Brown University Sciences Library .
go to the New Pembroke 4 by first going to the Caswell Hall .
go to the Berk's;Shanghai by first going to the Horace Mann House .
go to the Sears by first going to the Second Time Around .
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate by first going to the Andrews Hall .
go to the Spiritus Fermenti by first going to the Sharpe Refectory .
go to the Urban Environmental Lab by first going to the 111 Brown Street North House .
go to the Starbucks by first going to the New Pembroke 3 .
go to the Andrews Hall by first going to the P-131317 .
go to the Andrews Hall by first going to the Minden Hall .
go to the 86 Waterman  by first going to the Sharpe House .
go to the Simmons Quadrangle by first going to the Second Time Around .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall by first going to the Medical Research Lab .
go to the College Green by first going to the Blue State Coffee .
go to the Andreas by first going to the University Hall .
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching by first going to the Second Time Around .
go to the Faunce House by first going to the Avon Cinema .
go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building by first going to the Prospect House .
go to the Slater Hall by first going to the Emery & Wooley .
go to the Norwood House by first going to the Thayer and Meeting .
go to the Rhode Island Hall by first going to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to the Class of 1887 Gate by first going to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the CVS by first going to the Minden Hall .
go to the 111 Brown Street North House by first going to the Friedman Hall .
go to the Carrie Tower by first going to the Biomedical Center .
go to the Sharpe House by first going to the Barus Building .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall then the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to the Shirley Miller House then the New Pembroke 2 .
go to the Robinson Hall then the East Side Station Post Office .
go to the Marston Hall then the Brown University Bookstore .
go to the Thayer and Meeting then the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to the Avon Cinema then the Hughes Court .
go to the Pleasant Surprises then the Manning .
go to the East Side Station Post Office then the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to the Brown University Bookstore then the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to the Champlin Hall then the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Blue State Coffee then the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to the West House then the List Art Building .
go to the Salon Persia then the List Art Building .
go to the Berk's;Shanghai then the Sayles Hall .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall then the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to the Prince Engineering Lab then the Miller Hall .
go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate then the 219 Bowen .
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop then the 111 Brown Street North House .
go to the Peter Green House then the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to the Andreas then the Blue Room .
go to the Blue State Coffee then the University Hall .
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall then the Supercuts .
go to the Alumnae Hall then the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to the Supercuts then the Shirley Miller House .
go to the West House then the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to the Pembroke Park then the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to the Barus Building then the West House .
go to the Carrie Tower then the Morriss Hall .
go to the Spiritus Fermenti then the Finlandia .
go to the Biomedical Center then the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to the Brown University then the Soban .
go to the New Pembroke 2 then the J.W. Wilson .
go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear then the New Pembroke 2 .
go to the Pleasant Surprises then the Quiet Green .
go to the John Hay Library then the Biomedical Center .
go to the 164 Angel then the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to the List Art Building then the Champlin Hall .
go to the Marston Hall then the New Pembroke 2 .
go to the Champlin Hall then the Saint Stephens Church .
go to the Simmons Quadrangle then the 111 Brown Street North House .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall then the Manning .
go to the Brown University Bookstore then the 86 Waterman  .
go to the Emery Hall then the Medical Research Lab .
go to the Wriston Quad then the Metcalf Hall .
go to the War Memorial then the Miller Hall .
go to the Saint Stephens Church then the Emery & Wooley .
go to the Biomedical Center then the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to the New Pembroke 3 then the Hegeman .
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall then the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to the Lyman Hall then the Soban .
go to the Quiet Green then the Champlin Hall .
go to the John Hay Library then the Morriss Hall .
go to the New Pembroke 2 then the P-131317 .
go to the College Hill Bookstore then the Sears .
go to the New Pembroke 4 then the Slavery Memorial .
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ then the Miller Hall .
navigate to the Faunce House , and then navigate to the Supercuts .
navigate to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity , and then navigate to the Spiritus Fermenti .
navigate to the Urban Environmental Lab , and then navigate to the Morriss Hall .
navigate to the Sidney Frank Hall , and then navigate to the 86 Waterman  .
navigate to the Andreas , and then navigate to the Starbucks .
navigate to the Avon Cinema , and then navigate to the Walter Hall .
navigate to the Berk's;Shanghai , and then navigate to the Maxcy Hall .
navigate to the Class of 1887 Gate , and then navigate to the Sidney Frank Hall .
navigate to the Walter Hall , and then navigate to the Pembroke Park .
navigate to the Metcalf Hall , and then navigate to the Citizen's Bank .
navigate to the John Carter Brown Library , and then navigate to the Blue State Coffee .
navigate to the Sidney Frank Hall , and then navigate to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
navigate to the Hillel House , and then navigate to the Sayles Hall .
navigate to the Van Wickle Gates , and then navigate to the New Pembroke 4 .
navigate to the College Hill Bookstore , and then navigate to the Marcus Aurelius .
navigate to the Mencoff Hall , and then navigate to the Granoff Center .
navigate to the Friedman Hall , and then navigate to the J. R. Workman Garden .
navigate to the Walter Hall , and then navigate to the Avon Cinema .
navigate to the CVS , and then navigate to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
navigate to the Untitled Lamp/Bear , and then navigate to the Berk's;Shanghai .
navigate to the Prince Engineering Lab , and then navigate to the Meeting Street Cafe .
navigate to the Slavery Memorial , and then navigate to the Pleasant Surprises .
navigate to the Blue Room , and then navigate to the Facing Thayer .
navigate to the West House , and then navigate to the 86 Waterman  .
navigate to the Biomedical Center , and then navigate to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
navigate to the Metcalf Hall , and then navigate to the Finlandia .
navigate to the Brown University Bookstore , and then navigate to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
navigate to the Emery & Wooley , and then navigate to the Caswell Hall .
navigate to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop , and then navigate to the Pleasant Surprises .
navigate to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority , and then navigate to the Hillel House .
navigate to the P-131317 , and then navigate to the 219 Bowen .
navigate to the Marston Hall , and then navigate to the Soban .
navigate to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology , and then navigate to the CVS .
navigate to the Citizen's Bank , and then navigate to the Brown University Bookstore .
navigate to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate , and then navigate to the Berk's;Shanghai .
navigate to the John Nicholas Brown Gate , and then navigate to the Spiritus Fermenti .
navigate to the University Hall , and then navigate to the West House .
navigate to the Avon Cinema , and then navigate to the Idee di pietra .
navigate to the College Green , and then navigate to the Sharpe House .
navigate to the New Pembroke 3 , and then navigate to the War Memorial .
navigate to the 164 Angel , and then navigate to the Saint Stephens Church .
navigate to the Sharpe House , and then navigate to the Lincoln Field Building .
navigate to the Pembroke Park , and then navigate to the John Hay Library .
navigate to the Granoff Center , and then navigate to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
navigate to the Horace Mann House , and then navigate to the Andreas .
navigate to the Andreas , and then navigate to the Minden Hall .
navigate to the Emery Hall , and then navigate to the J.W. Wilson .
navigate to the Blue Room , and then navigate to the New Pembroke 1 .
navigate to the Brown University Bookstore , and then navigate to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
navigate to the New Pembroke 2 , and then navigate to the Lot 17 .
navigate to the Finlandia , and then navigate to the East Side Station Post Office .
navigate to the Alumnae Hall , and then navigate to the Wayland .
navigate to the College Hill Bookstore , and then navigate to the Kassar House .
navigate to the Blue State Coffee , and then navigate to the Littlefield Hall .
navigate to the 219 Bowen , and then navigate to the Lot 17 .
navigate to the Blue State Coffee , and then navigate to the John Hay Library .
go to the Hughes Court through the Blue State Coffee
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity through the Salon Persia
go to the Kassar House through the Thayer and Cushing
go to the Norwood House through the Andreas
go to the Littlefield Hall through the CVS
go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate through the Emery & Wooley
go to the Facing Thayer through the Class of 1887 Gate
go to the Hope College through the 111 Brown Street North House
go to the J. R. Workman Garden through the Wilbour Hall
go to the John Carter Brown Library through the Alumnae Hall
go to the Maddock Alumni  through the New Pembroke 2
go to the Thayer and Meeting through the Medical Research Lab
go to the Berk's;Shanghai through the Watson Center for Information Technology
go to the New Pembroke 4 through the John Hay Library
go to the New Pembroke 1 through the Maxcy Green
go to the CVS through the Lot 18
go to the Champlin Hall through the Carrie Tower
go to the Emery Hall through the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority
go to the Miller Hall through the John Hay Library
go to the Hegeman through the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building
go to the Sidney Frank Hall through the Casey Shearer Memorial
go to the Mencoff Hall through the New Pembroke 4
go to the Emery Hall through the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity
go to the Second Time Around through the College Green
go to the Pleasant Surprises through the Lot 76
go to the Minden Hall through the Peter Green House
go to the Thayer and Cushing through the J.W. Wilson
go to the Biomedical Center through the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity
go to the Miller Hall through the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority
go to the Littlefield Hall through the 111 Brown Street North House
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity through the Peter Green House
go to the Andrews Hall through the Van Wickle Gates
go to the Wilbour Hall through the Pembroke Hall
go to the Maxcy Hall through the East Side Station Post Office
go to the New Pembroke 1 through the Maddock Alumni 
go to the Morriss Hall through the Kassar House
go to the Mencoff Hall through the Smith Buonanno Hall
go to the Pleasant Surprises through the List Art Building
go to the Andreas through the Starbucks
go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear through the New Pembroke 3
go to the Campus Market through the East Side Station Post Office
go to the Hughes Court through the CVS
go to the West House through the Sharpe Refectory
go to the Meeting Street Cafe through the Faunce House
go to the Sidney Frank Hall through the John Hay Library
go to the Pembroke Park through the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ
go to the Quiet Green through the Champlin Hall
go to the Supercuts through the Maddock Alumni 
go to the Berk's;Shanghai through the Maddock Alumni 
go to the J.W. Wilson through the Pembroke Park
go to the Brown University Sciences Library , and then go to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the College Green , and then go to the Facing Thayer .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall , and then go to the Lyman Hall .
go to the Pembroke Park , and then go to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to the Norwood House , and then go to the Blue State Coffee .
go to the Sharpe Refectory , and then go to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the Smith Buonanno Hall , and then go to the Robinson Hall .
go to the 164 Angel , and then go to the Wilbour Hall .
go to the Prince Engineering Lab , and then go to the Facing Thayer .
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority , and then go to the Champlin Hall .
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color , and then go to the New Pembroke 1 .
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall , and then go to the Lyman Hall .
go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology , and then go to the Supercuts .
go to the John Hay Library , and then go to the Avon Cinema .
go to the Van Wickle Gates , and then go to the Meeting Street Cafe .
go to the Supercuts , and then go to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to the Horace Mann House , and then go to the Facing Thayer .
go to the Robinson Hall , and then go to the New Pembroke 4 .
go to the Pembroke Park , and then go to the 67 George .
go to the College Green , and then go to the Blue State Coffee .
go to the 111 Brown Street North House , and then go to the Littlefield Hall .
go to the 164 Angel , and then go to the Idee di pietra .
go to the Alumnae Hall , and then go to the Brown Bear .
go to the Circle Dance Sculpture , and then go to the Peter Green House .
go to the Andreas , and then go to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching , and then go to the Second Time Around .
go to the Champlin Hall , and then go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to the Pembroke Park , and then go to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to the Spiritus Fermenti , and then go to the Finlandia .
go to the Walter Hall , and then go to the Emery & Wooley .
go to the Circle Dance Sculpture , and then go to the 164 Angel .
go to the Salon Persia , and then go to the Wayland .
go to the Idee di pietra , and then go to the Thayer and Cushing .
go to the Robinson Hall , and then go to the Blue State Coffee .
go to the New Pembroke 1 , and then go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate , and then go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to the Avon Cinema , and then go to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the CVS , and then go to the Lippit House .
go to the Andreas , and then go to the Slavery Memorial .
go to the Champlin Hall , and then go to the Kassar House .
go to the J. R. Workman Garden , and then go to the Lyman Hall .
go to the Spiritus Fermenti , and then go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to the Littlefield Hall , and then go to the Brown University Bookstore .
go to the Andrews Terrace , and then go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to the Alumnae Hall , and then go to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate , and then go to the J. R. Workman Garden .
go to the Simmons Quadrangle , and then go to the Andrews Hall .
go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear , and then go to the Spiritus Fermenti .
go to the Pembroke Hall , and then go to the Horace Mann House .
go to the Brown University , and then go to the Second Time Around .
go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate , and then go to the 219 Bowen .
go to the Lot 76 , and then go to the Pembroke Hall .
go through the Thayer and Meeting to the Barus Building .
go through the BERT to the East Side Station Post Office .
go through the Sears to the Peter Green House .
go through the Sidney Frank Hall to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go through the Champlin Hall to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go through the The Ivy Room to the West House .
go through the Brown Bear to the Meeting Street Cafe .
go through the Salon Persia to the BERT .
go through the Meeting Street Cafe to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go through the West House to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go through the Andrews Hall to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go through the Lippit House to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
go through the Horace Mann House to the Supercuts .
go through the Avon Cinema to the List Art Building .
go through the Hillel House to the Brown Bear .
go through the 111 Brown Street North House to the Maxcy Green .
go through the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall to the College Hill Bookstore .
go through the Medical Research Lab to the Thayer and Cushing .
go through the John Carter Brown Library to the Salon Persia .
go through the Idee di pietra to the Avon Cinema .
go through the New Pembroke 1 to the Sayles Hall .
go through the Andrews Hall to the 86 Waterman  .
go through the Lot 76 to the Brown University Bookstore .
go through the Champlin Hall to the Mencoff Hall .
go through the Rhode Island Hall to the Spiritus Fermenti .
go through the Manning to the Granoff Center .
go through the Horace Mann House to the New Pembroke 3 .
go through the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ to the Metcalf Hall .
go through the West House to the Shirley Miller House .
go through the Morriss Hall to the Arnold Laboratory .
go through the New Pembroke 3 to the Brown University .
go through the J. R. Workman Garden to the Simmons Quadrangle .
go through the Pembroke Hall to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go through the Pleasant Surprises to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
go through the Van Wickle Gates to the Salon Persia .
go through the College Hill Bookstore to the College Green .
go through the Pleasant Surprises to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go through the Granoff Center to the Saint Stephens Church .
go through the Berk's;Shanghai to the Simmons Quadrangle .
go through the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop to the Alumnae Hall .
go through the Pleasant Surprises to the 86 Waterman  .
go through the J. R. Workman Garden to the Simmons Quadrangle .
go through the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall to the Thayer and Meeting .
go through the Wriston Quad to the West House .
go through the Saint Stephens Church to the Brown University Bookstore .
go through the Slater Hall to the Hillel House .
go through the Wilbour Hall to the Spiritus Fermenti .
go through the Robinson Hall to the College Hill Bookstore .
go through the Rhode Island Hall to the Supercuts .
go through the Pleasant Surprises to the College Green .
go through the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building to the Urban Environmental Lab .
go through the Soldiers Memorial Gate to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
go through the 164 Angel to the Hegeman .
go through the Peter Green House to the Lot 18 .
go through the Pembroke Hall to the Littlefield Hall .
go through the Brown University to the J. R. Workman Garden .
go through the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate to the J. R. Workman Garden .
from the Brown Bear , navigate to the Metcalf Hall .
from the Morriss Hall , navigate to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
from the Smith Buonanno Hall , navigate to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
from the Berk's;Shanghai , navigate to the Marcus Aurelius .
from the Saint Stephens Church , navigate to the Pleasant Surprises .
from the Champlin Hall , navigate to the Brown University .
from the Walter Hall , navigate to the 111 Brown Street North House .
from the Untitled Lamp/Bear , navigate to the Peter Green House .
from the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building , navigate to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
from the Biomedical Center , navigate to the Sears .
from the Salon Persia , navigate to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
from the Horace Mann House , navigate to the Morriss Hall .
from the 111 Brown Street North House , navigate to the Hughes Court .
from the Faunce House , navigate to the New Pembroke 1 .
from the Littlefield Hall , navigate to the J. R. Workman Garden .
from the Robinson Hall , navigate to the Morriss Hall .
from the University Hall , navigate to the Sidney Frank Hall .
from the Blue Room , navigate to the Thayer and Cushing .
from the Littlefield Hall , navigate to the West House .
from the Brown University Bookstore , navigate to the Brown University .
from the New Pembroke 4 , navigate to the Norwood House .
from the John Hay Library , navigate to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
from the BERT , navigate to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
from the Maxcy Hall , navigate to the Biomedical Center .
from the Metcalf Hall , navigate to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
from the Second Time Around , navigate to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
from the Maxcy Hall , navigate to the New Pembroke 1 .
from the New Pembroke 3 , navigate to the Maddock Alumni  .
from the John Hay Library , navigate to the Pembroke Hall .
from the New Pembroke 2 , navigate to the Lippit House .
from the Wilbour Hall , navigate to the Second Time Around .
from the The Ivy Room , navigate to the Thayer and Cushing .
from the New Pembroke 4 , navigate to the Manning .
from the Thayer and Cushing , navigate to the Slavery Memorial .
from the Brown Center for Students of Color , navigate to the Morriss Hall .
from the Morriss Hall , navigate to the Blue Room .
from the Class of 1887 Gate , navigate to the New Pembroke 2 .
from the Blue State Coffee , navigate to the Sharpe Refectory .
from the Emery & Wooley , navigate to the Faunce House .
from the Sidney Frank Hall , navigate to the Quiet Green .
from the Class of 1887 Gate , navigate to the Soban .
from the Lot 76 , navigate to the 219 Bowen .
from the New Pembroke 3 , navigate to the 86 Waterman  .
from the Lippit House , navigate to the 219 Bowen .
from the Horace Mann House , navigate to the East Side Station Post Office .
from the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop , navigate to the Avon Cinema .
from the Facing Thayer , navigate to the P-131317 .
from the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity , navigate to the Avon Cinema .
from the Gardner House , navigate to the New Pembroke 4 .
from the Spiritus Fermenti , navigate to the Caswell Hall .
from the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall , navigate to the Biomedical Center .
from the Salon Persia , navigate to the Brown University Sciences Library .
from the CVS , navigate to the Campus Market .
from the University Hall , navigate to the Salon Persia .
from the Maxcy Hall , navigate to the Morriss Hall .
from the CVS , navigate to the Mencoff Hall .
from the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ , navigate to the Soban .
from the John Carter Brown Library , navigate to the Thayer and Cushing .
from the CVS , navigate to the Hughes Court .
from the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall , navigate to the Brown University Bookstore .
visit the Marcus Aurelius and then proceed to the New Pembroke 2 .
visit the Quiet Green and then proceed to the New Pembroke 1 .
visit the BERT and then proceed to the Sharpe House .
visit the Peter Green House and then proceed to the Finlandia .
visit the Citizen's Bank and then proceed to the J. R. Workman Garden .
visit the Lippit House and then proceed to the Facing Thayer .
visit the Untitled Lamp/Bear and then proceed to the Pembroke Hall .
visit the J. R. Workman Garden and then proceed to the Slater Hall .
visit the Soban and then proceed to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
visit the Robinson Hall and then proceed to the West House .
visit the Kassar House and then proceed to the Champlin Hall .
visit the Sharpe Refectory and then proceed to the 111 Brown Street North House .
visit the Brown University Bookstore and then proceed to the Hope College .
visit the Pleasant Surprises and then proceed to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
visit the East Side Station Post Office and then proceed to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
visit the Marston Hall and then proceed to the College Hill Bookstore .
visit the Supercuts and then proceed to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
visit the Robinson Hall and then proceed to the Emery & Wooley .
visit the 111 Brown Street North House and then proceed to the Prince Engineering Lab .
visit the Sidney Frank Hall and then proceed to the Lot 17 .
visit the Brown University and then proceed to the Peter Green House .
visit the J. R. Workman Garden and then proceed to the Lyman Hall .
visit the Biomedical Center and then proceed to the Faunce House .
visit the Friedman Hall and then proceed to the New Pembroke 4 .
visit the New Pembroke 3 and then proceed to the Brown University Sciences Library .
visit the Medical Research Lab and then proceed to the College Hill Bookstore .
visit the Shirley Miller House and then proceed to the Berk's;Shanghai .
visit the Morriss Hall and then proceed to the John Hay Library .
visit the Andrews Terrace and then proceed to the Wriston Quad .
visit the Urban Environmental Lab and then proceed to the West House .
visit the Mencoff Hall and then proceed to the Facing Thayer .
visit the Hillel House and then proceed to the Littlefield Hall .
visit the Hillel House and then proceed to the Rockefeller Library .
visit the Granoff Center and then proceed to the Lot 18 .
visit the Brown University and then proceed to the 164 Angel .
visit the J. R. Workman Garden and then proceed to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
visit the Spiritus Fermenti and then proceed to the Sayles Hall .
visit the Brown University and then proceed to the Facing Thayer .
visit the Biomedical Center and then proceed to the Sears .
visit the Marston Hall and then proceed to the Andrews Hall .
visit the Marcus Aurelius and then proceed to the Andreas .
visit the Pembroke Park and then proceed to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
visit the Emery & Wooley and then proceed to the Lot 17 .
visit the Biomedical Center and then proceed to the College Green .
visit the Quiet Green and then proceed to the Granoff Center .
visit the Mencoff Hall and then proceed to the College Hill Bookstore .
visit the New Pembroke 2 and then proceed to the Brown University .
visit the Champlin Hall and then proceed to the Barus Building .
visit the Quiet Green and then proceed to the CVS .
visit the William Goddard Memorial Gate and then proceed to the College Hill Bookstore .
visit the Berk's;Shanghai and then proceed to the Simmons Quadrangle .
visit the Idee di pietra and then proceed to the J. R. Workman Garden .
visit the Slater Hall and then proceed to the Andrews Hall .
visit the Miller Hall and then proceed to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
visit the Simmons Quadrangle and then proceed to the Andrews Hall .
always go from the Metcalf Hall to the Barus Building .
always go from the Caswell Hall to the Andreas .
always go from the Verney-Woolley Hall to the Brown University .
always go from the Lot 17 to the Thayer and Meeting .
always go from the 164 Angel to the Quiet Green .
always go from the Champlin Hall to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
always go from the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall to the Sidney Frank Hall .
always go from the 164 Angel to the Quiet Green .
always go from the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall to the Peter Green House .
always go from the Lot 17 to the Spiritus Fermenti .
always go from the Rockefeller Library to the Andrews Hall .
always go from the Marston Hall to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
always go from the P-131317 to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
always go from the Sharpe House to the Brown Bear .
always go from the Lincoln Field Building to the Morriss Hall .
always go from the Champlin Hall to the Lot 17 .
always go from the Class of 1887 Gate to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
always go from the Saint Stephens Church to the Alumnae Hall .
always go from the West House to the Manning .
always go from the Finlandia to the Spiritus Fermenti .
always go from the Sharpe House to the Sayles Hall .
always go from the Andreas to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
always go from the Maxcy Green to the 164 Angel .
always go from the Peter Green House to the John Hay Library .
always go from the Soban to the Saint Stephens Church .
always go from the Simmons Quadrangle to the Granoff Center .
always go from the Sidney Frank Hall to the List Art Building .
always go from the Van Wickle Gates to the Pleasant Surprises .
always go from the New Pembroke 1 to the Horace Mann House .
always go from the Watson Center for Information Technology to the 164 Angel .
always go from the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop to the Salon Persia .
always go from the Simmons Quadrangle to the Second Time Around .
always go from the Soban to the Marston Hall .
always go from the Smith Buonanno Hall to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
always go from the John Hay Library to the Peter Green House .
always go from the Thayer and Cushing to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
always go from the Prince Engineering Lab to the Pembroke Park .
always go from the The Ivy Room to the Avon Cinema .
always go from the Smith Buonanno Hall to the Simmons Quadrangle .
always go from the New Pembroke 1 to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
always go from the Andrews Hall to the Barus Building .
always go from the Brown University to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
always go from the Slavery Memorial to the Spiritus Fermenti .
always go from the Salomon Center for Teaching to the Emery & Wooley .
always go from the Emery & Wooley to the Gardner House .
always go from the Wayland to the Facing Thayer .
always go from the Marston Hall to the New Pembroke 4 .
always go from the Arnold Laboratory to the New Pembroke 1 .
always go from the Maxcy Green to the East Side Station Post Office .
always go from the Morriss Hall to the Maddock Alumni  .
always go from the Blue Room to the West House .
always go from the Peter Green House to the P-131317 .
go to the War Memorial , then go to the Pleasant Surprises .
go to the College Green , then go to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall , then go to the Wayland .
go to the J. R. Workman Garden , then go to the Slater Hall .
go to the Emery Hall , then go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to the John Hay Library , then go to the College Hill Bookstore .
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate , then go to the Berk's;Shanghai .
go to the Salon Persia , then go to the Marcus Aurelius .
go to the Pembroke Park , then go to the Robinson Hall .
go to the Smith Buonanno Hall , then go to the Brown University .
go to the Avon Cinema , then go to the The Ivy Room .
go to the West House , then go to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to the College Hill Bookstore , then go to the Sharpe Refectory .
go to the Facing Thayer , then go to the Urban Environmental Lab .
go to the Idee di pietra , then go to the New Pembroke 2 .
go to the University Hall , then go to the Hillel House .
go to the Idee di pietra , then go to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to the 219 Bowen , then go to the Brown Bear .
go to the Lippit House , then go to the CVS .
go to the Champlin Hall , then go to the Brown University Sciences Library .
go to the Smith Buonanno Hall , then go to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Maddock Alumni  , then go to the Champlin Hall .
go to the J.W. Wilson , then go to the Spiritus Fermenti .
go to the Brown Bear , then go to the West House .
go to the Pembroke Park , then go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to the Thayer and Meeting , then go to the Urban Environmental Lab .
go to the Champlin Hall , then go to the Lot 76 .
go to the Thayer and Meeting , then go to the Brown Bear .
go to the Morriss Hall , then go to the Robinson Hall .
go to the Hughes Court , then go to the Pembroke Hall .
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall , then go to the Pembroke Hall .
go to the Norwood House , then go to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to the New Pembroke 3 , then go to the Saint Stephens Church .
go to the Littlefield Hall , then go to the New Pembroke 4 .
go to the Littlefield Hall , then go to the Andrews Hall .
go to the Class of 1887 Gate , then go to the New Pembroke 4 .
go to the Berk's;Shanghai , then go to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to the Avon Cinema , then go to the Class of 1887 Gate .
go to the War Memorial , then go to the Morriss Hall .
go to the Alumnae Hall , then go to the College Green .
go to the Marcus Aurelius , then go to the Brown University Bookstore .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall , then go to the Littlefield Hall .
go to the Circle Dance Sculpture , then go to the Andrews Hall .
go to the Supercuts , then go to the University Hall .
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate , then go to the Emery & Wooley .
go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building , then go to the Sharpe Refectory .
go to the Champlin Hall , then go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to the Finlandia , then go to the 111 Brown Street North House .
go to the East Side Station Post Office , then go to the Rockefeller Library .
go to the Lippit House , then go to the Champlin Hall .
go to the Class of 1872 Gate , then go to the New Pembroke 4 .
go to the Manning , then go to the Blue State Coffee .
go to the Pembroke Park after you go to the Slater Hall .
go to the Brown University Sciences Library after you go to the Avon Cinema .
go to the West House after you go to the Slavery Memorial .
go to the Lyman Hall after you go to the Salon Persia .
go to the Blue State Coffee after you go to the List Art Building .
go to the Miller Hall after you go to the Marston Hall .
go to the Rhode Island Hall after you go to the Biomedical Center .
go to the Smith Buonanno Hall after you go to the Slater Hall .
go to the 67 George after you go to the Facing Thayer .
go to the Citizen's Bank after you go to the Pembroke Hall .
go to the Robinson Hall after you go to the New Pembroke 3 .
go to the Simmons Quadrangle after you go to the West House .
go to the West House after you go to the Lot 17 .
go to the University Hall after you go to the Metcalf Hall .
go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology after you go to the Alumnae Hall .
go to the New Pembroke 3 after you go to the Sears .
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall after you go to the New Pembroke 3 .
go to the Prospect House after you go to the New Pembroke 1 .
go to the New Pembroke 3 after you go to the Hegeman .
go to the Facing Thayer after you go to the Marcus Aurelius .
go to the Spiritus Fermenti after you go to the Simmons Quadrangle .
go to the Manning after you go to the New Pembroke 1 .
go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear after you go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to the Miller Hall after you go to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear after you go to the 111 Brown Street North House .
go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology after you go to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to the Berk's;Shanghai after you go to the P-131317 .
go to the Wayland after you go to the Alumnae Hall .
go to the Marston Hall after you go to the New Pembroke 3 .
go to the Rhode Island Hall after you go to the Brown University Bookstore .
go to the Hegeman after you go to the 219 Bowen .
go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate after you go to the Blue State Coffee .
go to the New Pembroke 4 after you go to the Littlefield Hall .
go to the P-131317 after you go to the Miller Hall .
go to the Andrews Hall after you go to the Littlefield Hall .
go to the J. R. Workman Garden after you go to the Robinson Gate .
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate after you go to the Supercuts .
go to the Circle Dance Sculpture after you go to the Berk's;Shanghai .
go to the Hegeman after you go to the New Pembroke 4 .
go to the John Hay Library after you go to the Andreas .
go to the New Pembroke 2 after you go to the Minden Hall .
go to the Avon Cinema after you go to the Kassar House .
go to the Berk's;Shanghai after you go to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to the Peter Green House after you go to the Horace Mann House .
go to the Supercuts after you go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to the Metcalf Research Building after you go to the 219 Bowen .
go to the Kassar House after you go to the Avon Cinema .
go to the Robinson Hall after you go to the Peter Green House .
go to the Brown University Sciences Library after you go to the West House .
go to the Class of 1887 Gate after you go to the Meeting Street Cafe .
go to the Spiritus Fermenti after you go to the Class of 1887 Gate .
go to the Soban after you go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to the Champlin Hall after you go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to the Brown University Bookstore after you go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to the Morriss Hall after you go to the Littlefield Hall .
go to the Granoff Center after you go to the Littlefield Hall .
go to the East Side Station Post Office after you go to the Finlandia .
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall after you go to the Miller Hall .
go to the Brown Bear after you go to the Soban .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall after you go to the Friedman Hall .
go to the Facing Thayer after going to the John Hay Library .
go to the Hillel House after going to the Maxcy Green .
go to the Thayer and Cushing after going to the Sears .
go to the New Pembroke 3 after going to the Horace Mann House .
go to the Pembroke Park after going to the Slavery Memorial .
go to the Meeting Street Cafe after going to the Manning .
go to the New Pembroke 4 after going to the Robinson Hall .
go to the Meeting Street Cafe after going to the Hughes Court .
go to the Thayer and Cushing after going to the Idee di pietra .
go to the Berk's;Shanghai after going to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to the Marston Hall after going to the Emery Hall .
go to the Pembroke Hall after going to the Sears .
go to the Miller Hall after going to the Lippit House .
go to the List Art Building after going to the New Pembroke 1 .
go to the Blue State Coffee after going to the J.W. Wilson .
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity after going to the New Pembroke 2 .
go to the New Pembroke 1 after going to the Robinson Gate .
go to the Hegeman after going to the Andrews Hall .
go to the Alumnae Hall after going to the Prince Engineering Lab .
go to the Saint Stephens Church after going to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to the Swearer Center for Public Service after going to the 219 Bowen .
go to the Thayer and Meeting after going to the Lyman Hall .
go to the Brown University Bookstore after going to the Norwood House .
go to the Granoff Center after going to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to the Lippit House after going to the Brown University Bookstore .
go to the New Pembroke 2 after going to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to the East Side Station Post Office after going to the Friedman Hall .
go to the College Green after going to the Salon Persia .
go to the P-131317 after going to the College Hill Bookstore .
go to the John Hay Library after going to the 219 Bowen .
go to the Facing Thayer after going to the Lincoln Field Building .
go to the Thayer and Cushing after going to the Lot 18 .
go to the 164 Angel after going to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to the John Carter Brown Library after going to the 164 Angel .
go to the Rhode Island Hall after going to the Morriss Hall .
go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building after going to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building after going to the Robinson Hall .
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity after going to the Hillel House .
go to the Andreas after going to the Class of 1872 Gate .
go to the Thayer and Cushing after going to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to the New Pembroke 1 after going to the Lyman Hall .
go to the Lot 17 after going to the Biomedical Center .
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall after going to the Idee di pietra .
go to the Walter Hall after going to the College Hill Bookstore .
go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear after going to the Meeting Street Cafe .
go to the Van Wickle Gates after going to the Pembroke Hall .
go to the Emery Hall after going to the Citizen's Bank .
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop after going to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the Morriss Hall after going to the Hughes Court .
go to the Prospect House after going to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to the Carrie Tower after going to the Supercuts .
go to the Pembroke Park after going to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the New Pembroke 2 after going to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
go through the Thayer and Cushing to the John Carter Brown Library .
go through the Thayer and Meeting to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go through the East Side Station Post Office to the Hegeman .
go through the Kassar House to the Thayer and Cushing .
go through the Idee di pietra to the Supercuts .
go through the Littlefield Hall to the Facing Thayer .
go through the Emery & Wooley to the Lot 18 .
go through the Berk's;Shanghai to the J.W. Wilson .
go through the Morriss Hall to the Caswell Hall .
go through the Champlin Hall to the John Hay Library .
go through the 164 Angel to the Urban Environmental Lab .
go through the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology to the Alumnae Hall .
go through the Champlin Hall to the Lot 18 .
go through the Brown Bear to the Metcalf Hall .
go through the Avon Cinema to the Marston Hall .
go through the Salomon Center for Teaching to the Andrews Terrace .
go through the J. R. Workman Garden to the Walter Hall .
go through the Brown University Sciences Library to the Facing Thayer .
go through the Horace Mann House to the Soban .
go through the East Side Station Post Office to the Shirley Miller House .
go through the Sharpe House to the Brown University .
go through the Saint Stephens Church to the Morriss Hall .
go through the Brown University Bookstore to the Quiet Green .
go through the Sharpe Refectory to the 164 Angel .
go through the Citizen's Bank to the Avon Cinema .
go through the Sharpe House to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go through the Caswell Hall to the Metcalf Hall .
go through the Norwood House to the 111 Brown Street North House .
go through the Emery Hall to the 67 George .
go through the Sharpe Refectory to the Metcalf Hall .
go through the Idee di pietra to the Meeting Street Cafe .
go through the Andrews Hall to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go through the Kassar House to the Brown University Bookstore .
go through the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences to the Sharpe House .
go through the New Pembroke 2 to the Metcalf Research Building .
go through the 219 Bowen to the J.W. Wilson .
go through the Lot 17 to the Spiritus Fermenti .
go through the Pleasant Surprises to the Brown University Sciences Library .
go through the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go through the Medical Research Lab to the Peter Green House .
go through the Sidney Frank Hall to the Hegeman .
go through the Brown University Sciences Library to the Granoff Center .
go through the Wayland to the Blue State Coffee .
go through the East Side Station Post Office to the The Ivy Room .
go through the Berk's;Shanghai to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go through the Smith Buonanno Hall to the Manning .
go through the Robinson Gate to the Pembroke Park .
go through the Facing Thayer to the Friedman Hall .
go through the Granoff Center to the Brown Bear .
go through the Brown Bear to the CVS .
go through the Minden Hall to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go through the Lyman Hall to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
go through the Watson Center for Information Technology to the J. R. Workman Garden .
go through the Verney-Woolley Hall to the Wayland .
go through the Wayland to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
go through the William Goddard Memorial Gate to the CVS .
go through the Hughes Court to the CVS .
go through the Peter Green House to the Van Wickle Gates .
go through the Soldiers Memorial Gate to the Peter Green House .
go through the List Art Building to the Salon Persia .
go to the Lyman Hall through the Blue State Coffee .
go to the Supercuts through the Brown Bear .
go to the Berk's;Shanghai through the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to the Finlandia through the New Pembroke 4 .
go to the Emery & Wooley through the Robinson Hall .
go to the Hegeman through the Soban .
go to the Soban through the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to the Arnold Laboratory through the New Pembroke 2 .
go to the East Side Station Post Office through the Slater Hall .
go to the Meeting Street Cafe through the Campus Market .
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop through the Pembroke Park .
go to the Avon Cinema through the Slavery Memorial .
go to the Robinson Gate through the Soban .
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity through the Emery & Wooley .
go to the J. R. Workman Garden through the Rhode Island Hall .
go to the Walter Hall through the Spiritus Fermenti .
go to the Class of 1887 Gate through the West House .
go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear through the Alumnae Hall .
go to the Sharpe Refectory through the New Pembroke 3 .
go to the New Pembroke 3 through the 86 Waterman  .
go to the University Hall through the Champlin Hall .
go to the Miller Hall through the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to the Wriston Quad through the Soban .
go to the New Pembroke 2 through the Idee di pietra .
go to the Blue Room through the Morriss Hall .
go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences through the J. R. Workman Garden .
go to the Slavery Memorial through the West House .
go to the Pembroke Park through the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to the Prospect House through the 219 Bowen .
go to the Supercuts through the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to the Wayland through the Sharpe House .
go to the Robinson Hall through the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the The Ivy Room through the Sharpe House .
go to the Biomedical Center through the Maddock Alumni  .
go to the Brown Bear through the Champlin Hall .
go to the Pembroke Hall through the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching through the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the CVS through the Lot 76 .
go to the CVS through the Faunce House .
go to the Emery Hall through the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to the Champlin Hall through the Minden Hall .
go to the Rockefeller Library through the Avon Cinema .
go to the Berk's;Shanghai through the Faunce House .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall through the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the West House through the Class of 1872 Gate .
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology through the Peter Green House .
go to the Avon Cinema through the Horace Mann House .
go to the Pembroke Park through the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to the 111 Brown Street North House through the Manning .
go to the Simmons Quadrangle through the Pembroke Park .
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall through the Avon Cinema .
visit the 164 Angel then go to the Metcalf Research Building .
visit the Brown University Sciences Library then go to the Pembroke Park .
visit the Citizen's Bank then go to the Biomedical Center .
visit the Biomedical Center then go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
visit the Salon Persia then go to the The Ivy Room .
visit the College Hill Bookstore then go to the Robinson Gate .
visit the Soldiers Memorial Gate then go to the 111 Brown Street North House .
visit the Thayer and Meeting then go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
visit the Verney-Woolley Hall then go to the Littlefield Hall .
visit the Smith Buonanno Hall then go to the Robinson Gate .
visit the Medical Research Lab then go to the Facing Thayer .
visit the Faunce House then go to the Andrews Terrace .
visit the Smith Buonanno Hall then go to the Friedman Hall .
visit the Salon Persia then go to the Littlefield Hall .
visit the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences then go to the Sidney Frank Hall .
visit the Van Wickle Gates then go to the New Pembroke 2 .
visit the Biomedical Center then go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
visit the Alumnae Hall then go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
visit the Prospect House then go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
visit the Emery Hall then go to the Walter Hall .
visit the Idee di pietra then go to the New Pembroke 1 .
visit the Slavery Memorial then go to the 164 Angel .
visit the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate then go to the Salon Persia .
visit the Verney-Woolley Hall then go to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
visit the Sayles Hall then go to the Thayer and Cushing .
visit the Wayland then go to the 111 Brown Street North House .
visit the New Pembroke 1 then go to the Brown Bear .
visit the Thayer and Meeting then go to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
visit the 111 Brown Street North House then go to the 67 George .
visit the Medical Research Lab then go to the New Pembroke 1 .
visit the Horace Mann House then go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
visit the Pembroke Park then go to the Hope College .
visit the Thayer and Meeting then go to the Mencoff Hall .
visit the 67 George then go to the Thayer and Cushing .
visit the East Side Station Post Office then go to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
visit the College Hill Bookstore then go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
visit the Lippit House then go to the West House .
visit the Andrews Hall then go to the Lippit House .
visit the Metcalf Hall then go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
visit the 86 Waterman  then go to the Alumnae Hall .
visit the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building then go to the Barus Building .
visit the Peter Green House then go to the Robinson Gate .
visit the Smith Buonanno Hall then go to the Van Wickle Gates .
visit the Van Wickle Gates then go to the Alumnae Hall .
visit the Peter Green House then go to the Prospect House .
visit the Untitled Lamp/Bear then go to the Sidney Frank Hall .
visit the Sidney Frank Hall then go to the Barus Building .
visit the Friedman Hall then go to the Andreas .
visit the Salomon Center for Teaching then go to the Emery & Wooley .
visit the Salon Persia then go to the Hegeman .
visit the Andreas then go to the Brown Bear .
visit the Peter Green House then go to the Sharpe Refectory .
visit the New Pembroke 3 then go to the Horace Mann House .
visit the Blue State Coffee then go to the Idee di pietra .
visit the Andreas then go to the Metcalf Research Building .
visit the Quiet Green then go to the Supercuts .
visit the Wayland then go to the Sidney Frank Hall .
visit the Hughes Court then go to the Sidney Frank Hall .
move to anywhere on the Starbucks , then move to anywhere on the 111 Brown Street North House .
move to anywhere on the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology , then move to anywhere on the Emery Hall .
move to anywhere on the New Pembroke 3 , then move to anywhere on the Watson Center for Information Technology .
move to anywhere on the Class of 1887 Gate , then move to anywhere on the Emery Hall .
move to anywhere on the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall , then move to anywhere on the CVS .
move to anywhere on the Sharpe Refectory , then move to anywhere on the 111 Brown Street North House .
move to anywhere on the Miller Hall , then move to anywhere on the Maxcy Green .
move to anywhere on the Emery Hall , then move to anywhere on the Lippit House .
move to anywhere on the Meeting Street Cafe , then move to anywhere on the Simmons Quadrangle .
move to anywhere on the Lot 17 , then move to anywhere on the West House .
move to anywhere on the J.W. Wilson , then move to anywhere on the Champlin Hall .
move to anywhere on the College Hill Bookstore , then move to anywhere on the Marcus Aurelius .
move to anywhere on the Van Wickle Gates , then move to anywhere on the Meeting Street Cafe .
move to anywhere on the Shirley Miller House , then move to anywhere on the New Pembroke 2 .
move to anywhere on the Simmons Quadrangle , then move to anywhere on the Spiritus Fermenti .
move to anywhere on the J.W. Wilson , then move to anywhere on the Sharpe House .
move to anywhere on the Medical Research Lab , then move to anywhere on the Thayer and Cushing .
move to anywhere on the Thayer and Cushing , then move to anywhere on the Metcalf Research Building .
move to anywhere on the Soban , then move to anywhere on the Hughes Court .
move to anywhere on the Littlefield Hall , then move to anywhere on the Alumnae Hall .
move to anywhere on the Brown University Bookstore , then move to anywhere on the Mencoff Hall .
move to anywhere on the Sidney Frank Hall , then move to anywhere on the Kassar House .
move to anywhere on the Saint Stephens Church , then move to anywhere on the 164 Angel .
move to anywhere on the 219 Bowen , then move to anywhere on the Marcus Aurelius .
move to anywhere on the Lyman Hall , then move to anywhere on the Morriss Hall .
move to anywhere on the Sidney Frank Hall , then move to anywhere on the Arnold Laboratory .
move to anywhere on the West House , then move to anywhere on the Lot 17 .
move to anywhere on the CVS , then move to anywhere on the Brown University .
move to anywhere on the Urban Environmental Lab , then move to anywhere on the Supercuts .
move to anywhere on the Miller Hall , then move to anywhere on the Mencoff Hall .
move to anywhere on the Emery & Wooley , then move to anywhere on the Metcalf Research Building .
move to anywhere on the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate , then move to anywhere on the Emery & Wooley .
move to anywhere on the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority , then move to anywhere on the Thayer and Cushing .
move to anywhere on the John Hay Library , then move to anywhere on the Sidney Frank Hall .
move to anywhere on the Berk's;Shanghai , then move to anywhere on the Norwood House .
move to anywhere on the Minden Hall , then move to anywhere on the Alumnae Hall .
move to anywhere on the Meeting Street Cafe , then move to anywhere on the John Hay Library .
move to anywhere on the Thayer and Meeting , then move to anywhere on the Hope College .
move to anywhere on the Swearer Center for Public Service , then move to anywhere on the Sidney Frank Hall .
move to anywhere on the Facing Thayer , then move to anywhere on the BERT .
move to anywhere on the Van Wickle Gates , then move to anywhere on the Metcalf Hall .
move to anywhere on the Lyman Hall , then move to anywhere on the West House .
move to anywhere on the New Pembroke 3 , then move to anywhere on the University Hall .
move to anywhere on the Brown University Sciences Library , then move to anywhere on the Facing Thayer .
move to anywhere on the Pleasant Surprises , then move to anywhere on the Watson Center for Information Technology .
move to anywhere on the Thayer and Cushing , then move to anywhere on the John Hay Library .
move to anywhere on the Littlefield Hall , then move to anywhere on the 111 Brown Street North House .
move to anywhere on the Metcalf Hall , then move to anywhere on the Lot 18 .
move to anywhere on the Andrews Terrace , then move to anywhere on the Wriston Quad .
move to anywhere on the Andrews Terrace , then move to anywhere on the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
move to anywhere on the West House , then move to anywhere on the Metcalf Research Building .
move to anywhere on the Starbucks , then move to anywhere on the New Pembroke 3 .
navigate to the Emery Hall through the Hegeman .
navigate to the Facing Thayer through the Quiet Green .
navigate to the Hegeman through the Meeting Street Cafe .
navigate to the Maddock Alumni  through the Champlin Hall .
navigate to the J. R. Workman Garden through the Sears .
navigate to the Wayland through the 164 Angel .
navigate to the Brown University Bookstore through the Class of 1887 Gate .
navigate to the Champlin Hall through the War Memorial .
navigate to the J.W. Wilson through the Pembroke Hall .
navigate to the J. R. Workman Garden through the Medical Research Lab .
navigate to the Idee di pietra through the Meeting Street Cafe .
navigate to the Van Wickle Gates through the Pleasant Surprises .
navigate to the Faunce House through the Spiritus Fermenti .
navigate to the Andreas through the Medical Research Lab .
navigate to the Pembroke Hall through the Gardner House .
navigate to the Sidney Frank Hall through the Sears .
navigate to the Pleasant Surprises through the The Ivy Room .
navigate to the Hillel House through the Rhode Island Hall .
navigate to the East Side Station Post Office through the Lippit House .
navigate to the Barus Building through the Thayer and Cushing .
navigate to the Emery & Wooley through the John Carter Brown Library .
navigate to the Simmons Quadrangle through the New Pembroke 2 .
navigate to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology through the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
navigate to the Sayles Hall through the Alumnae Hall .
navigate to the Rockefeller Library through the J. R. Workman Garden .
navigate to the University Hall through the Emery & Wooley .
navigate to the Circle Dance Sculpture through the Meeting Street Cafe .
navigate to the Blue State Coffee through the Brown University .
navigate to the John Hay Library through the Salon Persia .
navigate to the 86 Waterman  through the Hillel House .
navigate to the Untitled Lamp/Bear through the Andrews Terrace .
navigate to the John Hay Library through the Emery Hall .
navigate to the Sharpe House through the Brown Bear .
navigate to the Salon Persia through the Sharpe Refectory .
navigate to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology through the Brown University Bookstore .
navigate to the New Pembroke 2 through the Lot 17 .
navigate to the Hillel House through the Caswell Hall .
navigate to the Avon Cinema through the Idee di pietra .
navigate to the Friedman Hall through the Morriss Hall .
navigate to the Andreas through the Sears .
navigate to the Biomedical Center through the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
navigate to the Champlin Hall through the Lippit House .
navigate to the Alumnae Hall through the Caswell Hall .
navigate to the Salon Persia through the Minden Hall .
navigate to the Untitled Lamp/Bear through the Peter Green House .
navigate to the Arnold Laboratory through the Biomedical Center .
navigate to the John Hay Library through the Verney-Woolley Hall .
navigate to the Andrews Terrace through the Salomon Center for Teaching .
navigate to the Littlefield Hall through the Spiritus Fermenti .
navigate to the Wayland through the New Pembroke 4 .
navigate to the 67 George through the Pembroke Hall .
go to the Brown University Bookstore then go to the Arnold Laboratory .
go to the Friedman Hall then go to the Pembroke Park .
go to the Thayer and Meeting then go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to the Finlandia then go to the Thayer and Meeting .
go to the Blue State Coffee then go to the Kassar House .
go to the New Pembroke 2 then go to the Marcus Aurelius .
go to the Robinson Hall then go to the Salon Persia .
go to the Quiet Green then go to the 164 Angel .
go to the Norwood House then go to the 219 Bowen .
go to the New Pembroke 4 then go to the Slavery Memorial .
go to the University Hall then go to the Blue State Coffee .
go to the Metcalf Hall then go to the Urban Environmental Lab .
go to the War Memorial then go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to the College Green then go to the Peter Green House .
go to the Thayer and Cushing then go to the John Carter Brown Library .
go to the Champlin Hall then go to the List Art Building .
go to the Peter Green House then go to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to the 164 Angel then go to the College Green .
go to the Campus Market then go to the Thayer and Meeting .
go to the Emery Hall then go to the Mencoff Hall .
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology then go to the Spiritus Fermenti .
go to the Supercuts then go to the War Memorial .
go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate then go to the Metcalf Hall .
go to the Miller Hall then go to the Caswell Hall .
go to the East Side Station Post Office then go to the John Hay Library .
go to the Maddock Alumni  then go to the Morriss Hall .
go to the War Memorial then go to the Andrews Terrace .
go to the Norwood House then go to the West House .
go to the Thayer and Meeting then go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to the Wilbour Hall then go to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to the Lippit House then go to the Facing Thayer .
go to the 219 Bowen then go to the Brown Bear .
go to the Littlefield Hall then go to the Emery Hall .
go to the Sharpe House then go to the Walter Hall .
go to the Faunce House then go to the Facing Thayer .
go to the Caswell Hall then go to the Morriss Hall .
go to the Avon Cinema then go to the College Green .
go to the Pleasant Surprises then go to the Caswell Hall .
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall then go to the Maxcy Hall .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall then go to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching then go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to the New Pembroke 3 then go to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to the Andreas then go to the Blue Room .
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity then go to the Emery & Wooley .
go to the Metcalf Research Building then go to the New Pembroke 4 .
go to the New Pembroke 3 then go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to the Avon Cinema then go to the Prospect House .
go to the Thayer and Meeting then go to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to the Granoff Center then go to the Hegeman .
go to the New Pembroke 4 then go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to the Campus Market then go to the Soban .
go to the Van Wickle Gates then go to the Andrews Hall .
go to the Manning then go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to the Maxcy Green through the Spiritus Fermenti
go to the College Hill Bookstore through the Barus Building
go to the John Carter Brown Library through the Verney-Woolley Hall
go to the Hughes Court through the Smith Buonanno Hall
go to the Sidney Frank Hall through the Slavery Memorial
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall through the Andrews Terrace
go to the Sidney Frank Hall through the Brown Bear
go to the Sharpe Refectory through the West House
go to the Pleasant Surprises through the J.W. Wilson
go to the Walter Hall through the 219 Bowen
go to the West House through the Metcalf Research Building
go to the Rockefeller Library through the CVS
go to the Miller Hall through the Arnold Laboratory
go to the Class of 1887 Gate through the CVS
go to the Brown Bear through the Pembroke Hall
go to the 111 Brown Street North House through the Friedman Hall
go to the Horace Mann House through the Biomedical Center
go to the New Pembroke 4 through the War Memorial
go to the College Green through the Soban
go to the War Memorial through the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building
go to the Andreas through the Lot 76
go to the West House through the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall
go to the Morriss Hall through the Kassar House
go to the 164 Angel through the Sayles Hall
go to the Alumnae Hall through the Kassar House
go to the John Carter Brown Library through the Hillel House
go to the List Art Building through the New Pembroke 1
go to the Class of 1887 Gate through the J. R. Workman Garden
go to the Supercuts through the William Goddard Memorial Gate
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop through the Hillel House
go to the Andrews Terrace through the Barus Building
go to the College Green through the Emery Hall
go to the Maxcy Green through the Alumnae Hall
go to the Pembroke Hall through the Blue Room
go to the Pembroke Hall through the Hughes Court
go to the Casey Shearer Memorial through the Meeting Street Cafe
go to the Sharpe House through the Simmons Quadrangle
go to the Lot 18 through the New Pembroke 2
go to the Alumnae Hall through the War Memorial
go to the Avon Cinema through the Blue Room
go to the Hope College through the New Pembroke 2
go to the New Pembroke 4 through the John Nicholas Brown Gate
go to the Hughes Court through the New Pembroke 3
go to the College Hill Bookstore through the Citizen's Bank
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching through the Sidney Frank Hall
go to the Maxcy Green through the Miller Hall
go to the Smith Buonanno Hall through the BERT
go to the Thayer and Cushing through the John Hay Library
go to the Meeting Street Cafe through the Casey Shearer Memorial
go to the Campus Market through the Pembroke Park
go to the Littlefield Hall through the Supercuts
go to the Andreas through the Horace Mann House
go to the Slavery Memorial through the CVS
go to the Maddock Alumni  through the Morriss Hall
go to the New Pembroke 4 through the Hughes Court
go to the Pembroke Hall through the Idee di pietra
go to the Littlefield Hall through the Pembroke Park
go to the Thayer and Cushing through the Starbucks
go to the Caswell Hall through the Metcalf Hall
go to the Horace Mann House through the CVS
start on the CVS , go directly to the Lippit House .
start on the College Hill Bookstore , go directly to the War Memorial .
start on the Finlandia , go directly to the Emery Hall .
start on the Medical Research Lab , go directly to the Thayer and Meeting .
start on the Emery & Wooley , go directly to the Caswell Hall .
start on the Sayles Hall , go directly to the Champlin Hall .
start on the Idee di pietra , go directly to the New Pembroke 4 .
start on the College Hill Bookstore , go directly to the Brown Bear .
start on the New Pembroke 2 , go directly to the Lot 76 .
start on the Kassar House , go directly to the Metcalf Hall .
start on the Friedman Hall , go directly to the Pleasant Surprises .
start on the West House , go directly to the P-131317 .
start on the Brown University Sciences Library , go directly to the Emery & Wooley .
start on the 111 Brown Street North House , go directly to the Prince Engineering Lab .
start on the BERT , go directly to the Granoff Center .
start on the Salomon Center for Teaching , go directly to the Morriss Hall .
start on the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences , go directly to the Morriss Hall .
start on the Simmons Quadrangle , go directly to the Second Time Around .
start on the Miller Hall , go directly to the P-131317 .
start on the Sharpe House , go directly to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
start on the Andrews Terrace , go directly to the Carrie Tower .
start on the Casey Shearer Memorial , go directly to the West House .
start on the New Pembroke 4 , go directly to the Sayles Hall .
start on the Miller Hall , go directly to the Barus Building .
start on the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority , go directly to the West House .
start on the Arnold Laboratory , go directly to the 164 Angel .
start on the Pleasant Surprises , go directly to the Carrie Tower .
start on the Miller Hall , go directly to the Manning .
start on the Norwood House , go directly to the Emery & Wooley .
start on the Emery Hall , go directly to the Prospect House .
start on the Minden Hall , go directly to the 164 Angel .
start on the Metcalf Hall , go directly to the Van Wickle Gates .
start on the Sharpe Refectory , go directly to the Morriss Hall .
start on the CVS , go directly to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
start on the Smith Buonanno Hall , go directly to the Wriston Quad .
start on the Metcalf Hall , go directly to the Brown University .
start on the 219 Bowen , go directly to the Brown University Sciences Library .
start on the New Pembroke 3 , go directly to the Norwood House .
start on the Avon Cinema , go directly to the University Hall .
start on the Metcalf Hall , go directly to the Starbucks .
start on the New Pembroke 4 , go directly to the Starbucks .
start on the Hillel House , go directly to the Wriston Quad .
start on the 67 George , go directly to the Emery & Wooley .
start on the Meeting Street Cafe , go directly to the Brown Bear .
start on the Barus Building , go directly to the Sidney Frank Hall .
start on the Sears , go directly to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
start on the J. R. Workman Garden , go directly to the Robinson Gate .
start on the Untitled Lamp/Bear , go directly to the 111 Brown Street North House .
start on the Quiet Green , go directly to the Alumnae Hall .
start on the New Pembroke 3 , go directly to the Robinson Gate .
start on the Avon Cinema , go directly to the Brown Bear .
start on the Emery & Wooley , go directly to the Arnold Laboratory .
start on the The Ivy Room , go directly to the 164 Angel .
go to the CVS before you go to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to the Soban before you go to the Blue Room .
go to the Class of 1872 Gate before you go to the Pleasant Surprises .
go to the List Art Building before you go to the New Pembroke 1 .
go to the Emery Hall before you go to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to the Hegeman before you go to the New Pembroke 2 .
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall before you go to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to the Peter Green House before you go to the Brown Bear .
go to the Sharpe House before you go to the Starbucks .
go to the Pembroke Hall before you go to the Lincoln Field Building .
go to the List Art Building before you go to the Andreas .
go to the Champlin Hall before you go to the Idee di pietra .
go to the New Pembroke 3 before you go to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to the Hillel House before you go to the Robinson Hall .
go to the Granoff Center before you go to the Barus Building .
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall before you go to the Hughes Court .
go to the West House before you go to the BERT .
go to the Salon Persia before you go to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Thayer and Meeting before you go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to the Thayer and Meeting before you go to the Hope College .
go to the Emery & Wooley before you go to the Wriston Quad .
go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building before you go to the Gardner House .
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall before you go to the Pleasant Surprises .
go to the Carrie Tower before you go to the Soban .
go to the New Pembroke 2 before you go to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Maxcy Green before you go to the West House .
go to the John Hay Library before you go to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the Pembroke Hall before you go to the Class of 1872 Gate .
go to the Soban before you go to the Sharpe Refectory .
go to the New Pembroke 3 before you go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate before you go to the Avon Cinema .
go to the Sharpe House before you go to the Prospect House .
go to the Robinson Hall before you go to the Supercuts .
go to the Meeting Street Cafe before you go to the Mencoff Hall .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall before you go to the Robinson Gate .
go to the Hughes Court before you go to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the Sharpe Refectory before you go to the Pleasant Surprises .
go to the Manning before you go to the East Side Station Post Office .
go to the New Pembroke 4 before you go to the Lincoln Field Building .
go to the Blue State Coffee before you go to the Marcus Aurelius .
go to the Sharpe House before you go to the Quiet Green .
go to the Smith Buonanno Hall before you go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to the Thayer and Meeting before you go to the Shirley Miller House .
go to the Hegeman before you go to the Soban .
go to the Brown Bear before you go to the New Pembroke 3 .
go to the College Hill Bookstore before you go to the John Carter Brown Library .
go to the Blue State Coffee before you go to the Littlefield Hall .
go to the New Pembroke 4 before you go to the Slavery Memorial .
go to the Minden Hall before you go to the 111 Brown Street North House .
go to the Faunce House before you go to the New Pembroke 3 .
go to the Walter Hall before you go to the West House .
go to the Berk's;Shanghai before you go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to the Minden Hall before you go to the West House .
go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences before you go to the Spiritus Fermenti .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall before you go to the Marston Hall .
go through the John Nicholas Brown Gate to the New Pembroke 4 .
go through the Wayland to the Second Time Around .
go through the Spiritus Fermenti to the Lot 18 .
go through the Smith Buonanno Hall to the Marcus Aurelius .
go through the Class of 1887 Gate to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
go through the Lincoln Field Building to the New Pembroke 1 .
go through the Emery Hall to the Minden Hall .
go through the Verney-Woolley Hall to the List Art Building .
go through the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ to the College Hill Bookstore .
go through the Supercuts to the Maddock Alumni  .
go through the Barus Building to the Supercuts .
go through the West House to the Metcalf Research Building .
go through the Pembroke Hall to the Brown Bear .
go through the Quiet Green to the Blue State Coffee .
go through the Andrews Hall to the Caswell Hall .
go through the Robinson Gate to the Supercuts .
go through the Quiet Green to the Blue State Coffee .
go through the Minden Hall to the Granoff Center .
go through the Emery & Wooley to the Barus Building .
go through the Campus Market to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go through the Verney-Woolley Hall to the Manning .
go through the J.W. Wilson to the Peter Green House .
go through the New Pembroke 1 to the Class of 1872 Gate .
go through the Avon Cinema to the Brown Bear .
go through the Citizen's Bank to the Andrews Hall .
go through the New Pembroke 4 to the Minden Hall .
go through the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ to the Champlin Hall .
go through the Quiet Green to the Miller Hall .
go through the J. R. Workman Garden to the Lyman Hall .
go through the 86 Waterman  to the Facing Thayer .
go through the Sayles Hall to the Hillel House .
go through the Facing Thayer to the Wayland .
go through the Spiritus Fermenti to the Lot 76 .
go through the Brown University Bookstore to the Van Wickle Gates .
go through the Andrews Hall to the Hope College .
go through the West House to the P-131317 .
go through the Robinson Gate to the Pleasant Surprises .
go through the Second Time Around to the Horace Mann House .
go through the Smith Buonanno Hall to the Brown Bear .
go through the 164 Angel to the 67 George .
go through the Citizen's Bank to the Hillel House .
go through the Berk's;Shanghai to the Rockefeller Library .
go through the Salon Persia to the Kassar House .
go through the Lot 76 to the Alumnae Hall .
go through the Prince Engineering Lab to the Meeting Street Cafe .
go through the Watson Center for Information Technology to the Facing Thayer .
go through the Emery Hall to the Rockefeller Library .
go through the College Hill Bookstore to the John Hay Library .
go through the Thayer and Meeting to the John Hay Library .
go through the Second Time Around to the Hope College .
go to the Morriss Hall and then go directly to the Minden Hall .
go to the Hughes Court and then go directly to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to the Sears and then go directly to the J. R. Workman Garden .
go to the Avon Cinema and then go directly to the Blue Room .
go to the 219 Bowen and then go directly to the Maxcy Hall .
go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate and then go directly to the Berk's;Shanghai .
go to the Blue State Coffee and then go directly to the Starbucks .
go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology and then go directly to the Avon Cinema .
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop and then go directly to the West House .
go to the Rhode Island Hall and then go directly to the New Pembroke 4 .
go to the Shirley Miller House and then go directly to the Pembroke Park .
go to the CVS and then go directly to the Minden Hall .
go to the Champlin Hall and then go directly to the Horace Mann House .
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity and then go directly to the Morriss Hall .
go to the Pleasant Surprises and then go directly to the Saint Stephens Church .
go to the Smith Buonanno Hall and then go directly to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to the Class of 1872 Gate and then go directly to the Alumnae Hall .
go to the Wayland and then go directly to the Emery & Wooley .
go to the Sharpe House and then go directly to the J.W. Wilson .
go to the Sharpe House and then go directly to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall and then go directly to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Van Wickle Gates and then go directly to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to the College Hill Bookstore and then go directly to the Lyman Hall .
go to the Lyman Hall and then go directly to the Pembroke Hall .
go to the Horace Mann House and then go directly to the New Pembroke 4 .
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching and then go directly to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to the Avon Cinema and then go directly to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ and then go directly to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the New Pembroke 3 and then go directly to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to the Sharpe Refectory and then go directly to the Spiritus Fermenti .
go to the East Side Station Post Office and then go directly to the Brown Bear .
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop and then go directly to the Champlin Hall .
go to the The Ivy Room and then go directly to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to the List Art Building and then go directly to the Thayer and Meeting .
go to the Meeting Street Cafe and then go directly to the Rhode Island Hall .
go to the University Hall and then go directly to the College Hill Bookstore .
go to the Pleasant Surprises and then go directly to the Lot 17 .
go to the Barus Building and then go directly to the Granoff Center .
go to the New Pembroke 4 and then go directly to the Wilbour Hall .
go to the Quiet Green and then go directly to the New Pembroke 3 .
go to the Lyman Hall and then go directly to the Facing Thayer .
go to the 219 Bowen and then go directly to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to the Thayer and Cushing and then go directly to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to the Maxcy Green and then go directly to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to the Salon Persia and then go directly to the Lyman Hall .
go to the Emery Hall and then go directly to the Minden Hall .
go to the Starbucks and then go directly to the Metcalf Hall .
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop and then go directly to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to the West House and then go directly to the Arnold Laboratory .
go to the Biomedical Center and then go directly to the Citizen's Bank .
go to the Smith Buonanno Hall and then go directly to the Rhode Island Hall .
go to the Brown Bear and then go directly to the Blue State Coffee .
go to the East Side Station Post Office and then go directly to the Saint Stephens Church .
go to the Kassar House and then go directly to the Berk's;Shanghai .
go to the Andrews Terrace and then go directly to the Robinson Gate .
go to the New Pembroke 3 and then go directly to the Hegeman .
go to the Emery & Wooley and then go directly to the Wilbour Hall .
go to the Thayer and Meeting and then go directly to the University Hall .
go to the Rhode Island Hall and then go directly to the Andreas .
go to the Finlandia through the Smith Buonanno Hall
go to the Sharpe Refectory through the Morriss Hall
go to the University Hall through the New Pembroke 3
go to the Hegeman through the Andrews Hall
go to the 111 Brown Street North House through the Circle Dance Sculpture
go to the John Hay Library through the New Pembroke 3
go to the Maxcy Hall through the Biomedical Center
go to the Miller Hall through the Urban Environmental Lab
go to the Friedman Hall through the Avon Cinema
go to the West House through the Sayles Hall
go to the Littlefield Hall through the 164 Angel
go to the 67 George through the J. R. Workman Garden
go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building through the College Green
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall through the John Nicholas Brown Gate
go to the Berk's;Shanghai through the Van Wickle Gates
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching through the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building
go to the Blue State Coffee through the Brown Bear
go to the Emery & Wooley through the Simmons Quadrangle
go to the East Side Station Post Office through the Lot 18
go to the Second Time Around through the Brown Bear
go to the 67 George through the Meeting Street Cafe
go to the College Green through the Granoff Center
go to the Spiritus Fermenti through the Kassar House
go to the Shirley Miller House through the Supercuts
go to the 164 Angel through the Norwood House
go to the Caswell Hall through the West House
go to the Brown University Sciences Library through the Emery Hall
go to the Hillel House through the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ
go to the Granoff Center through the William Goddard Memorial Gate
go to the Lyman Hall through the New Pembroke 3
go to the BERT through the Avon Cinema
go to the New Pembroke 3 through the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate
go to the Wayland through the Thayer and Meeting
go to the Andrews Terrace through the Robinson Gate
go to the P-131317 through the Blue State Coffee
go to the Starbucks through the College Hill Bookstore
go to the Biomedical Center through the BERT
go to the Prospect House through the Emery Hall
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall through the Andrews Hall
go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate through the Sharpe House
go to the Brown Bear through the Pembroke Park
go to the Marcus Aurelius through the Brown University Bookstore
go to the Medical Research Lab through the Hillel House
go to the Andrews Hall through the Prince Engineering Lab
go to the Facing Thayer through the Gardner House
go to the John Hay Library through the Brown University Bookstore
go to the West House through the List Art Building
go to the Avon Cinema through the Class of 1872 Gate
go to the Biomedical Center through the Lot 17
go to the Quiet Green through the Miller Hall
go to the Prospect House through the Biomedical Center
go to the Citizen's Bank through the Miller Hall
go to the Lippit House through the New Pembroke 3
go to the Sidney Frank Hall through the Prospect House
go to the Metcalf Hall through the Sears
go to the Maddock Alumni  through the Second Time Around
go to the War Memorial through the New Pembroke 3
go to the Lyman Hall through the 219 Bowen
go to the Lippit House through the Granoff Center
go to the New Pembroke 3 through the Sharpe Refectory
go to the Champlin Hall through the Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop through the Andrews Terrace .
go to the Blue State Coffee through the Sears .
go to the Lippit House through the Pleasant Surprises .
go to the Emery Hall through the Brown University .
go to the Emery Hall through the Caswell Hall .
go to the 111 Brown Street North House through the Lyman Hall .
go to the CVS through the Starbucks .
go to the Granoff Center through the Wriston Quad .
go to the Metcalf Research Building through the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to the Brown Bear through the J. R. Workman Garden .
go to the Granoff Center through the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to the Quiet Green through the Sharpe House .
go to the Robinson Hall through the 164 Angel .
go to the Champlin Hall through the Blue Room .
go to the East Side Station Post Office through the Brown University .
go to the P-131317 through the Peter Green House .
go to the Lot 17 through the Thayer and Meeting .
go to the Lyman Hall through the Facing Thayer .
go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear through the Andrews Terrace .
go to the Smith Buonanno Hall through the Arnold Laboratory .
go to the Class of 1872 Gate through the 164 Angel .
go to the Smith Buonanno Hall through the John Carter Brown Library .
go to the Facing Thayer through the Lippit House .
go to the P-131317 through the Peter Green House .
go to the Emery Hall through the P-131317 .
go to the Class of 1887 Gate through the Sharpe House .
go to the Class of 1887 Gate through the 219 Bowen .
go to the Marston Hall through the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building through the Sharpe Refectory .
go to the Medical Research Lab through the Salon Persia .
go to the Metcalf Hall through the Wayland .
go to the Minden Hall through the Soban .
go to the West House through the Friedman Hall .
go to the Andrews Terrace through the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to the Emery Hall through the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to the New Pembroke 3 through the Wilbour Hall .
go to the Shirley Miller House through the Thayer and Meeting .
go to the Horace Mann House through the Andreas .
go to the Maxcy Green through the West House .
go to the Second Time Around through the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the College Hill Bookstore through the 67 George .
go to the Granoff Center through the Sears .
go to the The Ivy Room through the Miller Hall .
go to the Class of 1872 Gate through the Biomedical Center .
go to the Smith Buonanno Hall through the Brown University .
go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences through the Blue State Coffee .
go to the Class of 1887 Gate through the New Pembroke 1 .
go to the New Pembroke 1 through the Friedman Hall .
go to the Wayland through the Sharpe House .
go to the P-131317 through the Emery Hall .
go to the Pembroke Park through the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to the Andrews Hall through the J.W. Wilson .
go to the New Pembroke 1 through the Wilbour Hall .
go to the Faunce House through the Thayer and Cushing .
go to the Minden Hall through the West House .
navigate to the 111 Brown Street North House before going to the Minden Hall .
navigate to the New Pembroke 3 before going to the Robinson Gate .
navigate to the Brown Bear before going to the Granoff Center .
navigate to the Andrews Hall before going to the Friedman Hall .
navigate to the West House before going to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
navigate to the Brown University Bookstore before going to the The Ivy Room .
navigate to the John Hay Library before going to the 111 Brown Street North House .
navigate to the J. R. Workman Garden before going to the Starbucks .
navigate to the Wayland before going to the 111 Brown Street North House .
navigate to the Prospect House before going to the New Pembroke 2 .
navigate to the Sidney Frank Hall before going to the Van Wickle Gates .
navigate to the Wilbour Hall before going to the CVS .
navigate to the Campus Market before going to the J. R. Workman Garden .
navigate to the Salomon Center for Teaching before going to the Second Time Around .
navigate to the Second Time Around before going to the Hope College .
navigate to the University Hall before going to the Pleasant Surprises .
navigate to the Brown Bear before going to the Pleasant Surprises .
navigate to the John Carter Brown Library before going to the New Pembroke 2 .
navigate to the Verney-Woolley Hall before going to the Robinson Gate .
navigate to the Sidney Frank Hall before going to the Kassar House .
navigate to the West House before going to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
navigate to the Prince Engineering Lab before going to the New Pembroke 2 .
navigate to the Slater Hall before going to the New Pembroke 2 .
navigate to the J. R. Workman Garden before going to the Robinson Hall .
navigate to the Maddock Alumni  before going to the Miller Hall .
navigate to the William Goddard Memorial Gate before going to the Salon Persia .
navigate to the Metcalf Hall before going to the J.W. Wilson .
navigate to the Brown University Bookstore before going to the Wilbour Hall .
navigate to the Supercuts before going to the Class of 1872 Gate .
navigate to the Minden Hall before going to the Blue State Coffee .
navigate to the New Pembroke 4 before going to the John Carter Brown Library .
navigate to the Circle Dance Sculpture before going to the Sidney Frank Hall .
navigate to the Spiritus Fermenti before going to the 86 Waterman  .
navigate to the Minden Hall before going to the Sidney Frank Hall .
navigate to the Slavery Memorial before going to the New Pembroke 1 .
navigate to the Sidney Frank Hall before going to the List Art Building .
navigate to the Brown University Sciences Library before going to the Avon Cinema .
navigate to the Manning before going to the Champlin Hall .
navigate to the Norwood House before going to the West House .
navigate to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences before going to the Facing Thayer .
navigate to the Blue State Coffee before going to the Horace Mann House .
navigate to the Salon Persia before going to the Hughes Court .
navigate to the Sidney Frank Hall before going to the Carrie Tower .
navigate to the Carrie Tower before going to the Alumnae Hall .
navigate to the John Hay Library before going to the Facing Thayer .
navigate to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall before going to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
navigate to the Citizen's Bank before going to the Alumnae Hall .
navigate to the 111 Brown Street North House before going to the Finlandia .
navigate to the Hillel House before going to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
navigate to the Hillel House before going to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
navigate to the John Hay Library before going to the Sidney Frank Hall .
navigate to the Finlandia before going to the J. R. Workman Garden .
navigate to the Morriss Hall before going to the Sayles Hall .
navigate to the Verney-Woolley Hall before going to the Slavery Memorial .
navigate to the Facing Thayer before going to the Slater Hall .
navigate to the Starbucks before going to the Alumnae Hall .
go to the The Ivy Room , then head to the Andrews Terrace .
go to the Barus Building , then head to the J. R. Workman Garden .
go to the Maxcy Hall , then head to the Brown University Bookstore .
go to the John Carter Brown Library , then head to the College Hill Bookstore .
go to the Starbucks , then head to the New Pembroke 3 .
go to the Brown University Sciences Library , then head to the Granoff Center .
go to the Smith Buonanno Hall , then head to the Class of 1872 Gate .
go to the West House , then head to the Hegeman .
go to the CVS , then head to the Slater Hall .
go to the University Hall , then head to the Meeting Street Cafe .
go to the Brown Bear , then head to the West House .
go to the Thayer and Meeting , then head to the Marcus Aurelius .
go to the Robinson Hall , then head to the Emery Hall .
go to the Class of 1887 Gate , then head to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to the Sharpe Refectory , then head to the Meeting Street Cafe .
go to the Quiet Green , then head to the West House .
go to the Berk's;Shanghai , then head to the Lippit House .
go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate , then head to the Alumnae Hall .
go to the 219 Bowen , then head to the Brown University .
go to the New Pembroke 3 , then head to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences , then head to the New Pembroke 1 .
go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate , then head to the College Hill Bookstore .
go to the West House , then head to the The Ivy Room .
go to the University Hall , then head to the East Side Station Post Office .
go to the Slavery Memorial , then head to the Champlin Hall .
go to the College Hill Bookstore , then head to the Sayles Hall .
go to the Metcalf Hall , then head to the Lot 17 .
go to the Granoff Center , then head to the Marston Hall .
go to the Arnold Laboratory , then head to the West House .
go to the Wilbour Hall , then head to the New Pembroke 2 .
go to the Andrews Terrace , then head to the Wriston Quad .
go to the Champlin Hall , then head to the Finlandia .
go to the Sharpe House , then head to the Walter Hall .
go to the Soban , then head to the Hegeman .
go to the Prince Engineering Lab , then head to the Supercuts .
go to the Van Wickle Gates , then head to the Pleasant Surprises .
go to the Thayer and Meeting , then head to the John Carter Brown Library .
go to the Facing Thayer , then head to the War Memorial .
go to the College Hill Bookstore , then head to the 67 George .
go to the Metcalf Hall , then head to the Robinson Gate .
go to the Pembroke Hall , then head to the Maddock Alumni  .
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology , then head to the Morriss Hall .
go to the Blue Room , then head to the East Side Station Post Office .
go to the Pleasant Surprises , then head to the Hughes Court .
go to the Pembroke Hall , then head to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Brown University Bookstore , then head to the Wayland .
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate , then head to the Avon Cinema .
go to the Pembroke Hall , then head to the John Hay Library .
go to the Faunce House , then head to the Pembroke Park .
go to the Emery & Wooley , then head to the Rhode Island Hall .
go to the Supercuts , then head to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to the Prince Engineering Lab , then head to the Morriss Hall .
go to the 67 George , then head to the New Pembroke 4 .
go to the Spiritus Fermenti , then head to the Kassar House .
go to the Smith Buonanno Hall , then head to the Lot 17 .
go to the Smith Buonanno Hall , then head to the Rockefeller Library .
go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate , then head to the Spiritus Fermenti .
go to the Maddock Alumni  , then head to the New Pembroke 4 .
go to 67 George and then go to the New Pembroke 3 .
go to New Pembroke 1 and then go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to Campus Market and then go to the Salon Persia .
go to Blue State Coffee and then go to the Slavery Memorial .
go to Berk's;Shanghai and then go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to Thayer and Meeting and then go to the Saint Stephens Church .
go to Brown Center for Students of Color and then go to the Soban .
go to Quiet Green and then go to the Pembroke Park .
go to John Hay Library and then go to the Alumnae Hall .
go to New Pembroke 2 and then go to the Class of 1872 Gate .
go to Saint Stephens Church and then go to the East Side Station Post Office .
go to 86 Waterman  and then go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to Biomedical Center and then go to the Lot 17 .
go to Wriston Quad and then go to the New Pembroke 4 .
go to University Hall and then go to the Andrews Terrace .
go to 164 Angel and then go to the Maddock Alumni  .
go to Kassar House and then go to the Thayer and Cushing .
go to BERT and then go to the Granoff Center .
go to Emery Hall and then go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to Sayles Hall and then go to the New Pembroke 3 .
go to Soban and then go to the Maddock Alumni  .
go to CVS and then go to the Barus Building .
go to 111 Brown Street North House and then go to the Slater Hall .
go to Thayer and Meeting and then go to the 86 Waterman  .
go to New Pembroke 3 and then go to the Brown Bear .
go to Granoff Center and then go to the Slavery Memorial .
go to Sharpe Refectory and then go to the Pleasant Surprises .
go to Hegeman and then go to the Alumnae Hall .
go to 219 Bowen and then go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to Spiritus Fermenti and then go to the The Ivy Room .
go to J. R. Workman Garden and then go to the Shirley Miller House .
go to Morriss Hall and then go to the Class of 1887 Gate .
go to Blue State Coffee and then go to the Idee di pietra .
go to Rockefeller Library and then go to the Berk's;Shanghai .
go to Sharpe House and then go to the J.W. Wilson .
go to Soban and then go to the Lippit House .
go to Champlin Hall and then go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to J.W. Wilson and then go to the Spiritus Fermenti .
go to New Pembroke 2 and then go to the P-131317 .
go to Caswell Hall and then go to the College Hill Bookstore .
go to Wilbour Hall and then go to the Pleasant Surprises .
go to Blue State Coffee and then go to the Robinson Hall .
go to 219 Bowen and then go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to Caswell Hall and then go to the Granoff Center .
go to 219 Bowen and then go to the Lippit House .
go to Second Time Around and then go to the Starbucks .
go to Brown University Sciences Library and then go to the New Pembroke 2 .
go to Friedman Hall and then go to the Metcalf Hall .
go to Verney-Woolley Hall and then go to the Finlandia .
go to The Ivy Room and then go to the Emery Hall .
go to New Pembroke 3 and then go to the Norwood House .
go to Wriston Quad and then go to the West House .
go to West House and then go to the Norwood House .
go to Urban Environmental Lab and then go to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to Robinson Hall and then go to the Emery Hall .
go to Berk's;Shanghai and then go to the Shirley Miller House .
go to New Pembroke 2 and then go to the 86 Waterman  .
go to the Emery & Wooley via Robinson Hall .
go to the 111 Brown Street North House via Class of 1872 Gate .
go to the West House via Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to the Andrews Hall via Sayles Hall .
go to the Smith Buonanno Hall via Brown Bear .
go to the Miller Hall via Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Blue Room via 164 Angel .
go to the Pembroke Hall via Blue Room .
go to the College Hill Bookstore via Wriston Quad .
go to the Sears via Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to the Slater Hall via CVS .
go to the J. R. Workman Garden via Simmons Quadrangle .
go to the Circle Dance Sculpture via Brown University Bookstore .
go to the Granoff Center via Class of 1887 Gate .
go to the Shirley Miller House via Thayer and Cushing .
go to the 86 Waterman  via 111 Brown Street North House .
go to the Maddock Alumni  via Meeting Street Cafe .
go to the New Pembroke 2 via Rockefeller Library .
go to the Lot 17 via 111 Brown Street North House .
go to the Avon Cinema via Simmons Quadrangle .
go to the Supercuts via Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to the Meeting Street Cafe via Robinson Hall .
go to the Prospect House via Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to the Norwood House via College Hill Bookstore .
go to the Champlin Hall via Lot 18 .
go to the Maxcy Green via Supercuts .
go to the New Pembroke 1 via The Ivy Room .
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity via Pleasant Surprises .
go to the Peter Green House via William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to the Salon Persia via BERT .
go to the Miller Hall via Lot 76 .
go to the Granoff Center via Hope College .
go to the Maxcy Hall via Meeting Street Cafe .
go to the Maddock Alumni  via CVS .
go to the Faunce House via New Pembroke 3 .
go to the Pleasant Surprises via Robinson Hall .
go to the Wayland via New Pembroke 3 .
go to the 67 George via Pembroke Park .
go to the Metcalf Research Building via Alumnae Hall .
go to the Pembroke Park via Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to the Hillel House via Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to the Pembroke Hall via Marston Hall .
go to the Shirley Miller House via 164 Angel .
go to the Barus Building via Andreas .
go to the Smith Buonanno Hall via Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to the Class of 1887 Gate via Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to the Rhode Island Hall via Berk's;Shanghai .
go to the Sharpe Refectory via Champlin Hall .
go to the Pembroke Park via Metcalf Research Building .
go to the Thayer and Cushing via List Art Building .
go to Shirley Miller House before going to the Sharpe House .
go to Supercuts before going to the 86 Waterman  .
go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop before going to the New Pembroke 3 .
go to 86 Waterman  before going to the Emery Hall .
go to Faunce House before going to the Facing Thayer .
go to Biomedical Center before going to the John Hay Library .
go to Gardner House before going to the Salon Persia .
go to Smith Buonanno Hall before going to the Class of 1887 Gate .
go to Pembroke Hall before going to the Simmons Quadrangle .
go to Sharpe House before going to the Lyman Hall .
go to Andreas before going to the Slavery Memorial .
go to Robinson Gate before going to the Spiritus Fermenti .
go to Blue State Coffee before going to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to CVS before going to the College Green .
go to Verney-Woolley Hall before going to the Wayland .
go to Lot 17 before going to the Granoff Center .
go to Berk's;Shanghai before going to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to Miller Hall before going to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity before going to the East Side Station Post Office .
go to College Hill Bookstore before going to the Saint Stephens Church .
go to Sidney Frank Hall before going to the College Green .
go to 219 Bowen before going to the John Hay Library .
go to College Hill Bookstore before going to the Minden Hall .
go to Simmons Quadrangle before going to the Berk's;Shanghai .
go to Emery & Wooley before going to the Arnold Laboratory .
go to Sears before going to the Peter Green House .
go to New Pembroke 2 before going to the Barus Building .
go to 67 George before going to the Pembroke Hall .
go to Littlefield Hall before going to the East Side Station Post Office .
go to East Side Station Post Office before going to the Quiet Green .
go to Maddock Alumni  before going to the Pembroke Park .
go to Sears before going to the Salon Persia .
go to Facing Thayer before going to the Medical Research Lab .
go to Shirley Miller House before going to the Andrews Terrace .
go to Rhode Island Hall before going to the Granoff Center .
go to The Ivy Room before going to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to Biomedical Center before going to the Gardner House .
go to Kassar House before going to the Hillel House .
go to Saint Stephens Church before going to the Thayer and Meeting .
go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology before going to the Salon Persia .
go to Rockefeller Library before going to the Champlin Hall .
go to J. R. Workman Garden before going to the Prince Engineering Lab .
go to Marcus Aurelius before going to the West House .
go to Maxcy Hall before going to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to Marston Hall before going to the East Side Station Post Office .
go to Brown University before going to the Pembroke Park .
go to Pleasant Surprises before going to the Friedman Hall .
go to Sidney Frank Hall before going to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to East Side Station Post Office before going to the P-131317 .
go to Medical Research Lab before going to the Alumnae Hall .
go to New Pembroke 4 before going to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to Barus Building before going to the Champlin Hall .
go to Biomedical Center before going to the Medical Research Lab .
go to Gardner House before going to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to J.W. Wilson before going to the Pembroke Park .
go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate before going to the New Pembroke 3 .
go to Metcalf Hall before going to the John Hay Library .
go to New Pembroke 3 before going to the Hegeman .
go to Saint Stephens Church before going to the Brown University Bookstore .
first move to Medical Research Lab then navigate to the Berk's;Shanghai .
first move to Rhode Island Hall then navigate to the Supercuts .
first move to Untitled Lamp/Bear then navigate to the New Pembroke 4 .
first move to Second Time Around then navigate to the Brown University .
first move to West House then navigate to the Medical Research Lab .
first move to Granoff Center then navigate to the Sayles Hall .
first move to Salomon Center for Teaching then navigate to the Metcalf Hall .
first move to Hegeman then navigate to the Soban .
first move to Hope College then navigate to the 164 Angel .
first move to List Art Building then navigate to the East Side Station Post Office .
first move to Miller Hall then navigate to the Lincoln Field Building .
first move to Sears then navigate to the Sidney Frank Hall .
first move to West House then navigate to the Slater Hall .
first move to West House then navigate to the Wayland .
first move to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity then navigate to the Andrews Terrace .
first move to Thayer and Meeting then navigate to the Quiet Green .
first move to Pleasant Surprises then navigate to the The Ivy Room .
first move to Sidney Frank Hall then navigate to the Barus Building .
first move to Class of 1887 Gate then navigate to the Blue State Coffee .
first move to Minden Hall then navigate to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
first move to Biomedical Center then navigate to the Kassar House .
first move to Supercuts then navigate to the Shirley Miller House .
first move to Granoff Center then navigate to the Blue Room .
first move to Slavery Memorial then navigate to the Biomedical Center .
first move to Champlin Hall then navigate to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
first move to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ then navigate to the New Pembroke 1 .
first move to Brown University Sciences Library then navigate to the Brown University Bookstore .
first move to CVS then navigate to the John Hay Library .
first move to Citizen's Bank then navigate to the Champlin Hall .
first move to Starbucks then navigate to the Pembroke Park .
first move to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate then navigate to the College Hill Bookstore .
first move to Emery & Wooley then navigate to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
first move to West House then navigate to the Class of 1872 Gate .
first move to Andrews Hall then navigate to the List Art Building .
first move to Pembroke Hall then navigate to the Lippit House .
first move to Andreas then navigate to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
first move to New Pembroke 1 then navigate to the Quiet Green .
first move to Sidney Frank Hall then navigate to the Simmons Quadrangle .
first move to John Carter Brown Library then navigate to the New Pembroke 4 .
first move to Van Wickle Gates then navigate to the Andrews Terrace .
first move to New Pembroke 1 then navigate to the Prospect House .
first move to Norwood House then navigate to the Biomedical Center .
first move to Untitled Lamp/Bear then navigate to the Supercuts .
first move to Caswell Hall then navigate to the New Pembroke 3 .
first move to Maxcy Green then navigate to the Spiritus Fermenti .
first move to Maxcy Hall then navigate to the Pleasant Surprises .
first move to Circle Dance Sculpture then navigate to the Emery Hall .
first move to Granoff Center then navigate to the Marston Hall .
first move to 111 Brown Street North House then navigate to the Hope College .
first move to BERT then navigate to the Biomedical Center .
first move to Meeting Street Cafe then navigate to the Medical Research Lab .
first move to Berk's;Shanghai then navigate to the Metcalf Research Building .
first move to Class of 1887 Gate then navigate to the Soban .
first move to Andreas then navigate to the Sharpe Refectory .
first move to Lyman Hall then navigate to the New Pembroke 3 .
first move to Blue State Coffee then navigate to the Brown University Sciences Library .
first move to Norwood House then navigate to the Andrews Terrace .
go through Wayland to the Champlin Hall .
go through New Pembroke 4 to the Lincoln Field Building .
go through Peter Green House to the Brown University .
go through John Hay Library to the Andrews Terrace .
go through Lyman Hall to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go through Morriss Hall to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go through Morriss Hall to the Horace Mann House .
go through Emery & Wooley to the Campus Market .
go through 219 Bowen to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go through Smith Buonanno Hall to the Littlefield Hall .
go through Avon Cinema to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go through Salon Persia to the Wriston Quad .
go through Andrews Terrace to the Marcus Aurelius .
go through Pleasant Surprises to the Prince Engineering Lab .
go through Hillel House to the Friedman Hall .
go through 67 George to the Brown University Bookstore .
go through William Goddard Memorial Gate to the Miller Hall .
go through Blue State Coffee to the Slavery Memorial .
go through Friedman Hall to the Blue State Coffee .
go through Brown Center for Students of Color to the Berk's;Shanghai .
go through The Ivy Room to the Granoff Center .
go through Wayland to the 164 Angel .
go through New Pembroke 2 to the Slater Hall .
go through Watson Center for Information Technology to the Blue State Coffee .
go through Starbucks to the West House .
go through Robinson Hall to the Supercuts .
go through Andreas to the Kassar House .
go through Saint Stephens Church to the Blue State Coffee .
go through Pembroke Hall to the Minden Hall .
go through West House to the Lot 18 .
go through Andrews Terrace to the Starbucks .
go through Sharpe House to the Robinson Hall .
go through Maxcy Hall to the Sharpe House .
go through Manning to the Peter Green House .
go through CVS to the Sayles Hall .
go through Minden Hall to the Metcalf Hall .
go through Andreas to the Shirley Miller House .
go through Meeting Street Cafe to the Maddock Alumni  .
go through Granoff Center to the Idee di pietra .
go through Emery & Wooley to the Lot 18 .
go through West House to the Minden Hall .
go through New Pembroke 3 to the Idee di pietra .
go through Robinson Gate to the Andreas .
go through Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop to the Alumnae Hall .
go through Salon Persia to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go through Campus Market to the Andrews Hall .
go through East Side Station Post Office to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go through John Carter Brown Library to the Peter Green House .
go through Spiritus Fermenti to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go through Rhode Island Hall to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
go through Kassar House to the New Pembroke 1 .
go through Salon Persia to the The Ivy Room .
go through 219 Bowen to the Hope College .
go through Hope College to the Emery & Wooley .
go through Friedman Hall to the Emery Hall .
go through Pembroke Park to the John Hay Library .
go through 219 Bowen to the War Memorial .
go to Sayles Hall and then the Miller Hall
go to Walter Hall and then the Spiritus Fermenti
go to Sidney Frank Hall and then the Walter Hall
go to Kassar House and then the CVS
go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology and then the Brown University Bookstore
go to Sidney Frank Hall and then the Norwood House
go to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building and then the Citizen's Bank
go to Lot 17 and then the Sidney Frank Hall
go to Lot 18 and then the New Pembroke 4
go to Supercuts and then the Starbucks
go to Sidney Frank Hall and then the Horace Mann House
go to Emery Hall and then the Maddock Alumni 
go to Prince Engineering Lab and then the Biomedical Center
go to Casey Shearer Memorial and then the Sidney Frank Hall
go to Morriss Hall and then the Campus Market
go to Andrews Terrace and then the John Hay Library
go to John Carter Brown Library and then the Miller Hall
go to Prince Engineering Lab and then the New Pembroke 1
go to Verney-Woolley Hall and then the Barus Building
go to Marcus Aurelius and then the Sharpe House
go to University Hall and then the Andrews Hall
go to Watson Center for Information Technology and then the Emery Hall
go to John Hay Library and then the New Pembroke 3
go to Van Wickle Gates and then the Thayer and Cushing
go to Maxcy Green and then the Brown University Bookstore
go to University Hall and then the Smith Buonanno Hall
go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity and then the College Hill Bookstore
go to Blue Room and then the Andreas
go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology and then the Peter Green House
go to Kassar House and then the Verney-Woolley Hall
go to Rockefeller Library and then the Morriss Hall
go to Peter Green House and then the University Hall
go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ and then the Avon Cinema
go to Sharpe House and then the Minden Hall
go to Thayer and Meeting and then the Watson Center for Information Technology
go to Brown University Bookstore and then the List Art Building
go to Champlin Hall and then the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity
go to Salon Persia and then the 86 Waterman 
go to Second Time Around and then the Urban Environmental Lab
go to West House and then the Lippit House
go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall and then the J. R. Workman Garden
go to Wilbour Hall and then the Verney-Woolley Hall
go to Arnold Laboratory and then the West House
go to Saint Stephens Church and then the Meeting Street Cafe
go to New Pembroke 4 and then the Lyman Hall
go to Alumnae Hall and then the Swearer Center for Public Service
go to Soban and then the Maxcy Green
go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority and then the New Pembroke 1
go to Maxcy Hall and then the Granoff Center
go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority and then the 219 Bowen
go to 111 Brown Street North House and then the Wriston Quad
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity through Andrews Terrace
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall through Soban
go to the Finlandia through New Pembroke 4
go to the 111 Brown Street North House through Salomon Center for Teaching
go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate through Smith Buonanno Hall
go to the Casey Shearer Memorial through Berk's;Shanghai
go to the Spiritus Fermenti through Walter Hall
go to the Thayer and Meeting through Marston Hall
go to the War Memorial through Alumnae Hall
go to the East Side Station Post Office through Wilbour Hall
go to the 67 George through New Pembroke 1
go to the Wriston Quad through Champlin Hall
go to the Campus Market through Hillel House
go to the Andrews Hall through Van Wickle Gates
go to the College Green through Berk's;Shanghai
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching through Second Time Around
go to the Pleasant Surprises through Sharpe Refectory
go to the Berk's;Shanghai through Littlefield Hall
go to the Avon Cinema through Lot 18
go to the 86 Waterman  through Granoff Center
go to the Miller Hall through Metcalf Research Building
go to the Wayland through CVS
go to the Lot 18 through Pembroke Hall
go to the Pembroke Park through Gardner House
go to the Peter Green House through Rhode Island Hall
go to the Kassar House through 219 Bowen
go to the Lot 18 through Thayer and Meeting
go to the Gardner House through Sidney Frank Hall
go to the Mencoff Hall through Berk's;Shanghai
go to the Avon Cinema through Brown University
go to the J. R. Workman Garden through Lincoln Field Building
go to the Wilbour Hall through Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building
go to the Sidney Frank Hall through Wayland
go to the Pembroke Hall through Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences
go to the Thayer and Meeting through Maxcy Green
go to the 111 Brown Street North House through P-131317
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall through Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop
go to the CVS through Campus Market
go to the Arnold Laboratory through Second Time Around
go to the West House through Maxcy Green
go to the BERT through Spiritus Fermenti
go to the Carrie Tower through Hillel House
go to the List Art Building through Andrews Terrace
go to the 111 Brown Street North House through John Carter Brown Library
go to the 67 George through Metcalf Hall
go to the Avon Cinema through Horace Mann House
go to the Smith Buonanno Hall through Friedman Hall
go to the Berk's;Shanghai through Sayles Hall
go to the Emery Hall through Gardner House
go to the Slater Hall through Andrews Terrace
go through J. R. Workman Garden before going to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
go through Lot 76 before going to the 219 Bowen .
go through Avon Cinema before going to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
go through Meeting Street Cafe before going to the Minden Hall .
go through BERT before going to the New Pembroke 2 .
go through Soban before going to the Lot 18 .
go through Pembroke Park before going to the Class of 1887 Gate .
go through Pembroke Park before going to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go through Shirley Miller House before going to the New Pembroke 4 .
go through William Goddard Memorial Gate before going to the Pembroke Hall .
go through Sharpe House before going to the Mencoff Hall .
go through Metcalf Hall before going to the Gardner House .
go through 111 Brown Street North House before going to the Blue Room .
go through Lot 17 before going to the J. R. Workman Garden .
go through Avon Cinema before going to the Lyman Hall .
go through Hegeman before going to the Facing Thayer .
go through Caswell Hall before going to the West House .
go through 219 Bowen before going to the Lincoln Field Building .
go through Swearer Center for Public Service before going to the New Pembroke 4 .
go through Salomon Center for Teaching before going to the Avon Cinema .
go through Lippit House before going to the East Side Station Post Office .
go through Miller Hall before going to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go through Sidney Frank Hall before going to the Carrie Tower .
go through Verney-Woolley Hall before going to the Kassar House .
go through Gardner House before going to the Pembroke Hall .
go through Lot 17 before going to the West House .
go through Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences before going to the 219 Bowen .
go through Brown University before going to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go through Hegeman before going to the Supercuts .
go through Van Wickle Gates before going to the New Pembroke 3 .
go through University Hall before going to the Sharpe House .
go through Blue Room before going to the Metcalf Hall .
go through Salomon Center for Teaching before going to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
go through Lot 18 before going to the Biomedical Center .
go through Hope College before going to the Emery & Wooley .
go through Miller Hall before going to the Marcus Aurelius .
go through East Side Station Post Office before going to the Mencoff Hall .
go through Brown Bear before going to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
go through P-131317 before going to the Pembroke Hall .
go through Lincoln Field Building before going to the J. R. Workman Garden .
go through Sidney Frank Hall before going to the Slater Hall .
go through John Hay Library before going to the Thayer and Meeting .
go through Wilbour Hall before going to the Facing Thayer .
go through Wriston Quad before going to the Champlin Hall .
go through Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building before going to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go through Van Wickle Gates before going to the College Hill Bookstore .
go through Maxcy Green before going to the CVS .
go through Supercuts before going to the J.W. Wilson .
go through Pembroke Park before going to the Lot 18 .
go through Robinson Gate before going to the Avon Cinema .
go through Thayer and Cushing before going to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go through Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop before going to the Second Time Around .
go through Rhode Island Hall before going to the 219 Bowen .
go through GeoChem and Macmillian Hall before going to the Emery & Wooley .
navigate to Andrews Terrace then continue to the Starbucks .
navigate to Hegeman then continue to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
navigate to Andrews Hall then continue to the Rockefeller Library .
navigate to John Carter Brown Library then continue to the Sidney Frank Hall .
navigate to 164 Angel then continue to the Blue Room .
navigate to Hegeman then continue to the Avon Cinema .
navigate to Morriss Hall then continue to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
navigate to Smith Buonanno Hall then continue to the Mencoff Hall .
navigate to Citizen's Bank then continue to the Morriss Hall .
navigate to Soldiers Memorial Gate then continue to the Andreas .
navigate to John Carter Brown Library then continue to the Emery Hall .
navigate to J. R. Workman Garden then continue to the Lincoln Field Building .
navigate to Facing Thayer then continue to the Lippit House .
navigate to Marston Hall then continue to the Hillel House .
navigate to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall then continue to the Salon Persia .
navigate to Slavery Memorial then continue to the Miller Hall .
navigate to Pembroke Hall then continue to the Manning .
navigate to Lyman Hall then continue to the CVS .
navigate to Blue Room then continue to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
navigate to West House then continue to the 67 George .
navigate to Wayland then continue to the Emery Hall .
navigate to Maxcy Green then continue to the Andrews Hall .
navigate to Marcus Aurelius then continue to the Sidney Frank Hall .
navigate to New Pembroke 1 then continue to the 67 George .
navigate to Sharpe House then continue to the Wayland .
navigate to College Hill Bookstore then continue to the Prospect House .
navigate to Avon Cinema then continue to the Rockefeller Library .
navigate to Walter Hall then continue to the Second Time Around .
navigate to Berk's;Shanghai then continue to the Brown University Sciences Library .
navigate to War Memorial then continue to the West House .
navigate to BERT then continue to the New Pembroke 1 .
navigate to West House then continue to the Prospect House .
navigate to Prospect House then continue to the New Pembroke 1 .
navigate to List Art Building then continue to the Sharpe House .
navigate to New Pembroke 1 then continue to the Hope College .
navigate to Wayland then continue to the New Pembroke 3 .
navigate to Thayer and Meeting then continue to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
navigate to Rhode Island Hall then continue to the 164 Angel .
navigate to Lyman Hall then continue to the Peter Green House .
navigate to Pembroke Park then continue to the Citizen's Bank .
navigate to West House then continue to the Robinson Gate .
navigate to Emery Hall then continue to the Faunce House .
navigate to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop then continue to the Pembroke Hall .
navigate to Andrews Terrace then continue to the Class of 1872 Gate .
navigate to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building then continue to the Robinson Hall .
navigate to Shirley Miller House then continue to the Peter Green House .
navigate to University Hall then continue to the Biomedical Center .
navigate to East Side Station Post Office then continue to the Wayland .
navigate to Granoff Center then continue to the Marston Hall .
navigate to Hope College then continue to the Thayer and Cushing .
navigate to East Side Station Post Office then continue to the Lot 18 .
navigate to Mencoff Hall then continue to the Blue State Coffee .
navigate to Medical Research Lab then continue to the Soban .
navigate to Manning then continue to the Granoff Center .
navigate to Carrie Tower then continue to the Emery & Wooley .
navigate to Lot 76 then continue to the 164 Angel .
navigate to Pembroke Hall then continue to the Quiet Green .
go to the West House through Wayland .
go to the Wilbour Hall through 164 Angel .
go to the 164 Angel through Wayland .
go to the Lippit House through Pembroke Hall .
go to the Hughes Court through CVS .
go to the 111 Brown Street North House through Starbucks .
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall through Brown University Sciences Library .
go to the Van Wickle Gates through New Pembroke 4 .
go to the Metcalf Hall through Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to the Blue State Coffee through Rockefeller Library .
go to the Salon Persia through Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to the Lincoln Field Building through West House .
go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear through Miller Hall .
go to the Andreas through Brown Bear .
go to the Granoff Center through Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to the Hillel House through Robinson Gate .
go to the Metcalf Hall through Sharpe Refectory .
go to the Supercuts through John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to the Maddock Alumni  through New Pembroke 1 .
go to the Andrews Terrace through Barus Building .
go to the Rhode Island Hall through Supercuts .
go to the Carrie Tower through Champlin Hall .
go to the Spiritus Fermenti through Hope College .
go to the Smith Buonanno Hall through Brown Bear .
go to the BERT through New Pembroke 2 .
go to the Horace Mann House through Spiritus Fermenti .
go to the Second Time Around through Arnold Laboratory .
go to the Pembroke Park through Horace Mann House .
go to the Andrews Terrace through Maddock Alumni  .
go to the BERT through Emery Hall .
go to the 111 Brown Street North House through John Hay Library .
go to the Soban through Finlandia .
go to the Lot 76 through Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall through The Ivy Room .
go to the Second Time Around through Prince Engineering Lab .
go to the Prospect House through Andrews Hall .
go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate through Second Time Around .
go to the J.W. Wilson through Miller Hall .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall through Carrie Tower .
go to the Slater Hall through Emery & Wooley .
go to the Emery & Wooley through Campus Market .
go to the Andreas through University Hall .
go to the John Hay Library through Andreas .
go to the New Pembroke 1 through Lincoln Field Building .
go to the Maxcy Green through 111 Brown Street North House .
go to the Walter Hall through Pleasant Surprises .
go to the Marston Hall through Morriss Hall .
go to the Brown University Sciences Library through 111 Brown Street North House .
go to the Saint Stephens Church through Emery & Wooley .
go to the Meeting Street Cafe through GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to the Thayer and Meeting through Brown University .
go to the West House through Lyman Hall .
go to the Supercuts through Hope College .
go to the 67 George through 111 Brown Street North House .
go to the Prospect House through Supercuts .
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching through Pembroke Hall .
go to the Sharpe House through Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to the Hughes Court through Blue State Coffee .
go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building through John Carter Brown Library .
go to the Brown University Sciences Library through East Side Station Post Office .
go to the Berk's;Shanghai through John Hay Library .
go to the Sharpe Refectory through Biomedical Center .
go to the Horace Mann House through Avon Cinema .
go to the Friedman Hall through Andreas .
go to the Robinson Hall through Emery & Wooley .
go to the East Side Station Post Office through Caswell Hall .
go to the Sharpe House through John Carter Brown Library .
go to the John Hay Library through Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to the John Carter Brown Library through West House .
go to the Pembroke Hall through Slavery Memorial .
go to the Miller Hall through Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to the List Art Building through Soban .
go to the Friedman Hall through Morriss Hall .
go to the Carrie Tower through CVS .
go to the Thayer and Cushing through Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to the Norwood House through Brown University Bookstore .
go to the Robinson Gate through Sharpe House .
go to the Sharpe House through Urban Environmental Lab .
go to the Pleasant Surprises through Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to the West House through Slater Hall .
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority through Avon Cinema .
go to the 67 George through New Pembroke 1 .
go to the 219 Bowen through Lyman Hall .
go to the Hillel House through Rhode Island Hall .
go to the 164 Angel through Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to the Alumnae Hall through William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to the Supercuts through Campus Market .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall through Urban Environmental Lab .
go to the Simmons Quadrangle through Brown University Bookstore .
go to the Minden Hall through Champlin Hall .
go to the Soban through J.W. Wilson .
go to the 164 Angel through Sharpe Refectory .
go to the New Pembroke 4 through 86 Waterman  .
go to the Thayer and Meeting through Maxcy Green .
go to the The Ivy Room through Alumnae Hall .
go to the Lot 18 through Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to the Quiet Green through Andrews Terrace .
go to the Maxcy Hall through Supercuts .
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology through East Side Station Post Office .
go to the Shirley Miller House through College Hill Bookstore .
go to the Lippit House through Spiritus Fermenti .
go to the Prince Engineering Lab through Pembroke Park .
go to the CVS through William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color through Pleasant Surprises .
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching through Emery & Wooley .
go to the Lincoln Field Building through Andreas .
go to the Berk's;Shanghai through Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Morriss Hall through Urban Environmental Lab
go to the Circle Dance Sculpture through J. R. Workman Garden
go to the Idee di pietra through J. R. Workman Garden
go to the New Pembroke 2 through Lyman Hall
go to the Avon Cinema through Starbucks
go to the Emery Hall through Morgan Witter Rogers Gate
go to the Sayles Hall through Salon Persia
go to the Lot 18 through Facing Thayer
go to the Pembroke Hall through Class of 1887 Gate
go to the Robinson Hall through Supercuts
go to the Blue State Coffee through Hughes Court
go to the Emery Hall through Lincoln Field Building
go to the West House through Wilbour Hall
go to the Spiritus Fermenti through Brown University
go to the P-131317 through Andrews Terrace
go to the Blue Room through 111 Brown Street North House
go to the Hughes Court through Second Time Around
go to the War Memorial through Peter Green House
go to the BERT through Pembroke Park
go to the Miller Hall through Marcus Aurelius
go to the Quiet Green through 164 Angel
go to the John Carter Brown Library through Hillel House
go to the 164 Angel through Prospect House
go to the Maxcy Hall through Hillel House
go to the P-131317 through Champlin Hall
go to the Circle Dance Sculpture through Alumnae Hall
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate through Miller Hall
go to the Sharpe Refectory through 164 Angel
go to the Sharpe Refectory through J. R. Workman Garden
go to the Horace Mann House through Andrews Terrace
go to the Second Time Around through Hegeman
go to the 86 Waterman  through Verney-Woolley Hall
go to the John Hay Library through Metcalf Hall
go to the Avon Cinema through Brown University Sciences Library
go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate through Peter Green House
go to the Hillel House through Quiet Green
go to the War Memorial through Andreas
go to the John Hay Library through Morriss Hall
go to the Brown Bear through Facing Thayer
go to the Lyman Hall through Thayer and Cushing
go to the Morriss Hall through Slater Hall
go to the Pembroke Park through Lot 17
go to the Lyman Hall through Soban
go to the Alumnae Hall through Slater Hall
go to the Miller Hall through Lyman Hall
go to the Andrews Terrace through Maxcy Green
go to the Supercuts through Caswell Hall
go to the Finlandia through Andrews Hall
go to the Soban through Medical Research Lab
go to the Facing Thayer through Slater Hall
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate through West House
go to the Hughes Court through Andrews Hall
go to the Van Wickle Gates through New Pembroke 2
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority through 164 Angel
go to the Pleasant Surprises through Sharpe Refectory
go to the New Pembroke 2 through Arnold Laboratory
go to the Sears through Second Time Around
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall through Starbucks
go to the Supercuts through Littlefield Hall
go to the Brown Bear through Spiritus Fermenti
move to Emery Hall and then proceed to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
move to Hillel House and then proceed to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
move to Finlandia and then proceed to the Pembroke Hall .
move to Biomedical Center and then proceed to the Lot 76 .
move to Lyman Hall and then proceed to the Hillel House .
move to Norwood House and then proceed to the West House .
move to Sayles Hall and then proceed to the Sharpe House .
move to Brown Center for Students of Color and then proceed to the Andrews Terrace .
move to Lincoln Field Building and then proceed to the CVS .
move to The Ivy Room and then proceed to the Andreas .
move to Second Time Around and then proceed to the Mencoff Hall .
move to Blue Room and then proceed to the Morriss Hall .
move to Hillel House and then proceed to the Medical Research Lab .
move to Soban and then proceed to the College Green .
move to Swearer Center for Public Service and then proceed to the Andreas .
move to John Nicholas Brown Gate and then proceed to the Facing Thayer .
move to Berk's;Shanghai and then proceed to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
move to Granoff Center and then proceed to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
move to 164 Angel and then proceed to the Prospect House .
move to Walter Hall and then proceed to the New Pembroke 2 .
move to Brown University Sciences Library and then proceed to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
move to Van Wickle Gates and then proceed to the Alumnae Hall .
move to Marston Hall and then proceed to the Miller Hall .
move to College Hill Bookstore and then proceed to the Idee di pietra .
move to Miller Hall and then proceed to the The Ivy Room .
move to Thayer and Meeting and then proceed to the Campus Market .
move to Mencoff Hall and then proceed to the New Pembroke 3 .
move to Blue State Coffee and then proceed to the Carrie Tower .
move to Van Wickle Gates and then proceed to the Sidney Frank Hall .
move to Smith Buonanno Hall and then proceed to the Norwood House .
move to Spiritus Fermenti and then proceed to the Brown University .
move to Salon Persia and then proceed to the 86 Waterman  .
move to Horace Mann House and then proceed to the Granoff Center .
move to Hillel House and then proceed to the Blue Room .
move to College Hill Bookstore and then proceed to the Medical Research Lab .
move to Andrews Terrace and then proceed to the College Green .
move to Maxcy Hall and then proceed to the Andreas .
move to Peter Green House and then proceed to the Van Wickle Gates .
move to Barus Building and then proceed to the CVS .
move to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall and then proceed to the Brown University Bookstore .
move to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology and then proceed to the Biomedical Center .
move to Spiritus Fermenti and then proceed to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
move to Granoff Center and then proceed to the Medical Research Lab .
move to Lot 18 and then proceed to the 111 Brown Street North House .
move to Marston Hall and then proceed to the 164 Angel .
move to Hegeman and then proceed to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
move to Thayer and Meeting and then proceed to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
move to Blue State Coffee and then proceed to the Mencoff Hall .
move to Slavery Memorial and then proceed to the Brown University Bookstore .
move to Emery Hall and then proceed to the Marcus Aurelius .
move to Smith Buonanno Hall and then proceed to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
move to Lot 76 and then proceed to the J. R. Workman Garden .
go through Prince Engineering Lab and navigate to the East Side Station Post Office .
go through Walter Hall and navigate to the Facing Thayer .
go through Miller Hall and navigate to the University Hall .
go through West House and navigate to the 67 George .
go through Norwood House and navigate to the 164 Angel .
go through Morriss Hall and navigate to the Brown Bear .
go through Prince Engineering Lab and navigate to the Morriss Hall .
go through Brown Bear and navigate to the Andrews Hall .
go through Robinson Gate and navigate to the J. R. Workman Garden .
go through Horace Mann House and navigate to the Sharpe House .
go through Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology and navigate to the Supercuts .
go through Idee di pietra and navigate to the Andrews Hall .
go through Campus Market and navigate to the Facing Thayer .
go through Blue Room and navigate to the Emery & Wooley .
go through Idee di pietra and navigate to the Meeting Street Cafe .
go through Arnold Laboratory and navigate to the Biomedical Center .
go through Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences and navigate to the Thayer and Meeting .
go through Supercuts and navigate to the Van Wickle Gates .
go through J. R. Workman Garden and navigate to the Lyman Hall .
go through Avon Cinema and navigate to the Simmons Quadrangle .
go through Smith Buonanno Hall and navigate to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go through Lyman Hall and navigate to the Second Time Around .
go through Second Time Around and navigate to the War Memorial .
go through J. R. Workman Garden and navigate to the Brown Bear .
go through Sharpe Refectory and navigate to the J. R. Workman Garden .
go through Urban Environmental Lab and navigate to the Pembroke Hall .
go through Lincoln Field Building and navigate to the Soban .
go through Maxcy Hall and navigate to the New Pembroke 1 .
go through Alpha Chi Omega Sorority and navigate to the Brown University Bookstore .
go through Champlin Hall and navigate to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go through Sidney Frank Hall and navigate to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go through Littlefield Hall and navigate to the Peter Green House .
go through Sidney Frank Hall and navigate to the Brown Bear .
go through Barus Building and navigate to the New Pembroke 3 .
go through East Side Station Post Office and navigate to the Mencoff Hall .
go through Brown Bear and navigate to the Miller Hall .
go through Facing Thayer and navigate to the J.W. Wilson .
go through Marcus Aurelius and navigate to the Salon Persia .
go through Emery & Wooley and navigate to the Minden Hall .
go through Class of 1887 Gate and navigate to the Soban .
go through Robinson Hall and navigate to the Thayer and Cushing .
go through Thayer and Cushing and navigate to the Blue Room .
go through Champlin Hall and navigate to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go through Smith Buonanno Hall and navigate to the Shirley Miller House .
go through Blue Room and navigate to the Biomedical Center .
go through Berk's;Shanghai and navigate to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go through Swearer Center for Public Service and navigate to the West House .
go through Watson Center for Information Technology and navigate to the Salon Persia .
go through Wilbour Hall and navigate to the Pembroke Hall .
go through Sidney Frank Hall and navigate to the Barus Building .
go to the Brown Bear by first visiting Pleasant Surprises .
go to the Morriss Hall by first visiting Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to the East Side Station Post Office by first visiting GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to the Smith Buonanno Hall by first visiting John Hay Library .
go to the Biomedical Center by first visiting Slavery Memorial .
go to the Brown University by first visiting Spiritus Fermenti .
go to the Metcalf Research Building by first visiting West House .
go to the Marcus Aurelius by first visiting J. R. Workman Garden .
go to the Hughes Court by first visiting New Pembroke 4 .
go to the J. R. Workman Garden by first visiting Maddock Alumni  .
go to the Emery Hall by first visiting John Hay Library .
go to the John Hay Library by first visiting Pembroke Park .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall by first visiting John Hay Library .
go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building by first visiting Brown Bear .
go to the Arnold Laboratory by first visiting Pleasant Surprises .
go to the Miller Hall by first visiting Robinson Gate .
go to the P-131317 by first visiting Facing Thayer .
go to the Walter Hall by first visiting Salon Persia .
go to the 111 Brown Street North House by first visiting Minden Hall .
go to the 219 Bowen by first visiting Caswell Hall .
go to the 86 Waterman  by first visiting Alumnae Hall .
go to the Avon Cinema by first visiting Marcus Aurelius .
go to the Andrews Terrace by first visiting Campus Market .
go to the Granoff Center by first visiting Barus Building .
go to the CVS by first visiting Littlefield Hall .
go to the Lincoln Field Building by first visiting Supercuts .
go to the Berk's;Shanghai by first visiting Finlandia .
go to the Sharpe House by first visiting Idee di pietra .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall by first visiting Medical Research Lab .
go to the Andrews Terrace by first visiting Finlandia .
go to the Hegeman by first visiting New Pembroke 2 .
go to the Brown University Bookstore by first visiting Prince Engineering Lab .
go to the Maddock Alumni  by first visiting Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to the Brown University Sciences Library by first visiting J. R. Workman Garden .
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color by first visiting J. R. Workman Garden .
go to the Rockefeller Library by first visiting Salon Persia .
go to the Marston Hall by first visiting Biomedical Center .
go to the Meeting Street Cafe by first visiting Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to the Emery & Wooley by first visiting Starbucks .
go to the Walter Hall by first visiting Second Time Around .
go to the Morriss Hall by first visiting Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to the Hegeman by first visiting Second Time Around .
go to the Miller Hall by first visiting Carrie Tower .
go to the Maddock Alumni  by first visiting Champlin Hall .
go to the Thayer and Cushing by first visiting Idee di pietra .
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color by first visiting Granoff Center .
go to the Smith Buonanno Hall by first visiting John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to the Blue State Coffee by first visiting Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to the Rockefeller Library by first visiting West House .
go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate by first visiting Andrews Terrace .
first go to 67 George , then go to the Thayer and Cushing .
first go to 219 Bowen , then go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
first go to Casey Shearer Memorial , then go to the Metcalf Hall .
first go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop , then go to the Spiritus Fermenti .
first go to Soban , then go to the The Ivy Room .
first go to New Pembroke 4 , then go to the Robinson Gate .
first go to New Pembroke 4 , then go to the College Green .
first go to Maxcy Green , then go to the Andrews Terrace .
first go to Emery & Wooley , then go to the Shirley Miller House .
first go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity , then go to the Second Time Around .
first go to New Pembroke 1 , then go to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
first go to Saint Stephens Church , then go to the Andrews Hall .
first go to Metcalf Hall , then go to the Hope College .
first go to Brown University Sciences Library , then go to the Miller Hall .
first go to Van Wickle Gates , then go to the Granoff Center .
first go to Thayer and Meeting , then go to the Horace Mann House .
first go to Brown Center for Students of Color , then go to the 111 Brown Street North House .
first go to New Pembroke 2 , then go to the Rhode Island Hall .
first go to Granoff Center , then go to the Marcus Aurelius .
first go to 67 George , then go to the West House .
first go to Peter Green House , then go to the Urban Environmental Lab .
first go to 111 Brown Street North House , then go to the Lyman Hall .
first go to Soldiers Memorial Gate , then go to the Emery Hall .
first go to 67 George , then go to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
first go to Emery & Wooley , then go to the Simmons Quadrangle .
first go to Slater Hall , then go to the Soban .
first go to Alumnae Hall , then go to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
first go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall , then go to the 164 Angel .
first go to College Green , then go to the Miller Hall .
first go to New Pembroke 4 , then go to the Sharpe Refectory .
first go to 67 George , then go to the Avon Cinema .
first go to Friedman Hall , then go to the Salon Persia .
first go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ , then go to the Andreas .
first go to Granoff Center , then go to the Kassar House .
first go to New Pembroke 3 , then go to the J.W. Wilson .
first go to Medical Research Lab , then go to the Thayer and Meeting .
first go to Hillel House , then go to the Lyman Hall .
first go to P-131317 , then go to the Alumnae Hall .
first go to Quiet Green , then go to the Supercuts .
first go to Blue State Coffee , then go to the War Memorial .
first go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ , then go to the Thayer and Meeting .
first go to Kassar House , then go to the Sharpe House .
first go to Andrews Terrace , then go to the Quiet Green .
first go to Second Time Around , then go to the Manning .
first go to Littlefield Hall , then go to the Berk's;Shanghai .
first go to Hillel House , then go to the John Hay Library .
first go to Verney-Woolley Hall , then go to the War Memorial .
first go to Metcalf Hall , then go to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
first go to New Pembroke 2 , then go to the Brown Bear .
first go to Soban , then go to the John Carter Brown Library .
first go to Thayer and Meeting , then go to the Lot 18 .
first go to Brown University Sciences Library , then go to the 164 Angel .
first go to Quiet Green , then go to the Thayer and Cushing .
first go to Minden Hall , then go to the Spiritus Fermenti .
first go to John Nicholas Brown Gate , then go to the Pleasant Surprises .
first go to Carrie Tower , then go to the Thayer and Cushing .
first go to Untitled Lamp/Bear , then go to the Blue State Coffee .
go through The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
go through Meeting Street Cafe to the Starbucks .
go through Pembroke Park to the Sayles Hall .
go through Pembroke Hall to the Marston Hall .
go through 219 Bowen to the List Art Building .
go through Metcalf Research Building to the Pembroke Park .
go through Smith Buonanno Hall to the Walter Hall .
go through Arnold Laboratory to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go through Hillel House to the Gardner House .
go through Circle Dance Sculpture to the Second Time Around .
go through 219 Bowen to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
go through Untitled Lamp/Bear to the Berk's;Shanghai .
go through Spiritus Fermenti to the Rockefeller Library .
go through Supercuts to the Finlandia .
go through Sidney Frank Hall to the Simmons Quadrangle .
go through Blue Room to the Andrews Hall .
go through Sidney Frank Hall to the Shirley Miller House .
go through Blue Room to the Spiritus Fermenti .
go through Wayland to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
go through New Pembroke 3 to the Gardner House .
go through John Nicholas Brown Gate to the Thayer and Cushing .
go through Metcalf Research Building to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go through Horace Mann House to the Alumnae Hall .
go through Alumnae Hall to the Sharpe Refectory .
go through University Hall to the Emery Hall .
go through Horace Mann House to the Andrews Terrace .
go through Second Time Around to the Arnold Laboratory .
go through John Hay Library to the New Pembroke 4 .
go through 67 George to the J. R. Workman Garden .
go through Lincoln Field Building to the Emery Hall .
go through Hughes Court to the Pleasant Surprises .
go through Emery Hall to the Brown University .
go through Granoff Center to the Manning .
go through Class of 1887 Gate to the 111 Brown Street North House .
go through Shirley Miller House to the Avon Cinema .
go through Brown University to the J. R. Workman Garden .
go through Untitled Lamp/Bear to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go through Casey Shearer Memorial to the Blue State Coffee .
go through West House to the Prospect House .
go through Miller Hall to the Slater Hall .
go through Urban Environmental Lab to the Alumnae Hall .
go through Granoff Center to the Van Wickle Gates .
go through Andrews Terrace to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
go through Brown Bear to the Avon Cinema .
go through John Hay Library to the New Pembroke 4 .
go through J. R. Workman Garden to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go through West House to the Lot 76 .
go through Andreas to the Rhode Island Hall .
go through Rhode Island Hall to the New Pembroke 1 .
go through Manning to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
go through Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go through Wilbour Hall to the Sharpe House .
go through Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences to the Salon Persia .
go through 111 Brown Street North House to the Idee di pietra .
go through Hillel House to the Wilbour Hall .
go through 111 Brown Street North House to the Van Wickle Gates .
go through Biomedical Center to the Hegeman .
go to Robinson Gate then go to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop then go to the Granoff Center .
go to Faunce House then go to the 219 Bowen .
go to Granoff Center then go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to List Art Building then go to the Emery & Wooley .
go to Van Wickle Gates then go to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to Maxcy Hall then go to the Thayer and Meeting .
go to Salomon Center for Teaching then go to the Morriss Hall .
go to Berk's;Shanghai then go to the Lincoln Field Building .
go to Lippit House then go to the Spiritus Fermenti .
go to Faunce House then go to the Salon Persia .
go to Casey Shearer Memorial then go to the Pleasant Surprises .
go to East Side Station Post Office then go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to Salomon Center for Teaching then go to the Spiritus Fermenti .
go to Pleasant Surprises then go to the Marcus Aurelius .
go to Smith Buonanno Hall then go to the John Carter Brown Library .
go to Emery & Wooley then go to the John Hay Library .
go to Sharpe House then go to the Lyman Hall .
go to Hope College then go to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to J. R. Workman Garden then go to the Citizen's Bank .
go to Brown University Sciences Library then go to the 219 Bowen .
go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall then go to the Second Time Around .
go to Soldiers Memorial Gate then go to the Meeting Street Cafe .
go to Salomon Center for Teaching then go to the Hillel House .
go to Emery & Wooley then go to the Class of 1887 Gate .
go to Supercuts then go to the John Hay Library .
go to Mencoff Hall then go to the New Pembroke 2 .
go to Verney-Woolley Hall then go to the Friedman Hall .
go to West House then go to the Metcalf Research Building .
go to Andreas then go to the Hegeman .
go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences then go to the Granoff Center .
go to Watson Center for Information Technology then go to the Avon Cinema .
go to Brown Bear then go to the Pleasant Surprises .
go to Alumnae Hall then go to the Lot 76 .
go to Idee di pietra then go to the Granoff Center .
go to Wilbour Hall then go to the Thayer and Cushing .
go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate then go to the Biomedical Center .
go to Walter Hall then go to the CVS .
go to Meeting Street Cafe then go to the 86 Waterman  .
go to Brown University then go to the New Pembroke 2 .
go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop then go to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to Circle Dance Sculpture then go to the Brown University Bookstore .
go to Emery Hall then go to the BERT .
go to Meeting Street Cafe then go to the Brown Bear .
go to Citizen's Bank then go to the Granoff Center .
go to Class of 1887 Gate then go to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to New Pembroke 2 then go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to Faunce House then go to the Supercuts .
go to Metcalf Hall then go to the Slater Hall .
go to Mencoff Hall then go to the West House .
go to Carrie Tower then go to the College Hill Bookstore .
go to Soldiers Memorial Gate then go to the Emery & Wooley .
go to Caswell Hall then go to the Avon Cinema .
always go to Wriston Quad before navigating to the Sidney Frank Hall .
always go to New Pembroke 2 before navigating to the BERT .
always go to Brown University Bookstore before navigating to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
always go to Norwood House before navigating to the Emery & Wooley .
always go to New Pembroke 3 before navigating to the Brown Bear .
always go to Sidney Frank Hall before navigating to the Hegeman .
always go to Champlin Hall before navigating to the Lyman Hall .
always go to Pleasant Surprises before navigating to the Caswell Hall .
always go to Salomon Center for Teaching before navigating to the 111 Brown Street North House .
always go to Andrews Terrace before navigating to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
always go to Citizen's Bank before navigating to the Brown University Bookstore .
always go to Facing Thayer before navigating to the Citizen's Bank .
always go to West House before navigating to the Brown University Sciences Library .
always go to Salon Persia before navigating to the College Green .
always go to West House before navigating to the Wayland .
always go to 111 Brown Street North House before navigating to the Idee di pietra .
always go to Prospect House before navigating to the Sidney Frank Hall .
always go to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building before navigating to the J.W. Wilson .
always go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity before navigating to the Meeting Street Cafe .
always go to Class of 1872 Gate before navigating to the 111 Brown Street North House .
always go to Smith Buonanno Hall before navigating to the Arnold Laboratory .
always go to Thayer and Meeting before navigating to the Friedman Hall .
always go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ before navigating to the 164 Angel .
always go to Spiritus Fermenti before navigating to the P-131317 .
always go to Lyman Hall before navigating to the Berk's;Shanghai .
always go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology before navigating to the Facing Thayer .
always go to Horace Mann House before navigating to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
always go to Emery Hall before navigating to the Gardner House .
always go to Citizen's Bank before navigating to the Sidney Frank Hall .
always go to Citizen's Bank before navigating to the Second Time Around .
always go to Berk's;Shanghai before navigating to the Norwood House .
always go to Brown University Bookstore before navigating to the John Hay Library .
always go to Smith Buonanno Hall before navigating to the Marston Hall .
always go to Berk's;Shanghai before navigating to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
always go to Saint Stephens Church before navigating to the Pleasant Surprises .
always go to College Hill Bookstore before navigating to the Class of 1872 Gate .
always go to Swearer Center for Public Service before navigating to the Emery Hall .
always go to Watson Center for Information Technology before navigating to the West House .
always go to List Art Building before navigating to the New Pembroke 1 .
always go to Sharpe House before navigating to the Manning .
always go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority before navigating to the Emery & Wooley .
always go to Walter Hall before navigating to the Peter Green House .
always go to New Pembroke 1 before navigating to the Brown University Sciences Library .
always go to Peter Green House before navigating to the BERT .
always go to Hope College before navigating to the Sidney Frank Hall .
always go to College Hill Bookstore before navigating to the Maxcy Hall .
always go to Andrews Terrace before navigating to the Kassar House .
always go to Pembroke Hall before navigating to the College Green .
always go to 111 Brown Street North House before navigating to the Hegeman .
always go to Horace Mann House before navigating to the Meeting Street Cafe .
go to the J. R. Workman Garden through Lincoln Field Building
go to the Lippit House through West House
go to the Wriston Quad through Avon Cinema
go to the East Side Station Post Office through Swearer Center for Public Service
go to the Granoff Center through Rockefeller Library
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching through New Pembroke 1
go to the Lot 18 through Pembroke Park
go to the Brown Bear through Hillel House
go to the Soban through J.W. Wilson
go to the 219 Bowen through Rockefeller Library
go to the Spiritus Fermenti through Littlefield Hall
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching through Pleasant Surprises
go to the Arnold Laboratory through Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building
go to the Spiritus Fermenti through College Green
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color through Sidney Frank Hall
go to the 111 Brown Street North House through Wilbour Hall
go to the Marcus Aurelius through Sharpe House
go to the Casey Shearer Memorial through Pembroke Hall
go to the CVS through Wayland
go to the Campus Market through Thayer and Meeting
go to the Walter Hall through Andrews Terrace
go to the Arnold Laboratory through Andrews Terrace
go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences through J. R. Workman Garden
go to the Meeting Street Cafe through Friedman Hall
go to the Kassar House through New Pembroke 1
go to the East Side Station Post Office through Class of 1887 Gate
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall through Wriston Quad
go to the Campus Market through Thayer and Cushing
go to the BERT through Hillel House
go to the J. R. Workman Garden through Van Wickle Gates
go to the Second Time Around through Hope College
go to the Supercuts through William Goddard Memorial Gate
go to the Van Wickle Gates through Pembroke Park
go to the Citizen's Bank through J. R. Workman Garden
go to the College Green through Sidney Frank Hall
go to the Manning through J. R. Workman Garden
go to the Sharpe House through Casey Shearer Memorial
go to the Pembroke Hall through Rhode Island Hall
go to the Sidney Frank Hall through Casey Shearer Memorial
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate through Sharpe House
go to the Minden Hall through Emery Hall
go to the Sears through Andrews Hall
go to the University Hall through Andreas
go to the Wriston Quad through Sidney Frank Hall
go to the 219 Bowen through Walter Hall
go to the Casey Shearer Memorial through New Pembroke 3
go to the Alumnae Hall through John Hay Library
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall through Marston Hall
go to the Morriss Hall through Finlandia
go to the Andreas through 67 George
go to the Swearer Center for Public Service through Smith Buonanno Hall
go to the Class of 1872 Gate through CVS
navigate through Spiritus Fermenti and go to the Van Wickle Gates .
navigate through Avon Cinema and go to the Marcus Aurelius .
navigate through Norwood House and go to the Pembroke Hall .
navigate through Thayer and Cushing and go to the Hope College .
navigate through Maddock Alumni  and go to the Sidney Frank Hall .
navigate through Hegeman and go to the Spiritus Fermenti .
navigate through Robinson Gate and go to the Miller Hall .
navigate through Littlefield Hall and go to the Salon Persia .
navigate through Circle Dance Sculpture and go to the New Pembroke 4 .
navigate through New Pembroke 2 and go to the Mencoff Hall .
navigate through Maxcy Green and go to the New Pembroke 2 .
navigate through College Green and go to the Pleasant Surprises .
navigate through Thayer and Meeting and go to the Arnold Laboratory .
navigate through Finlandia and go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
navigate through Alumnae Hall and go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
navigate through Alpha Chi Omega Sorority and go to the Hillel House .
navigate through West House and go to the Metcalf Research Building .
navigate through Prospect House and go to the Avon Cinema .
navigate through Metcalf Research Building and go to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
navigate through Thayer and Cushing and go to the Brown Bear .
navigate through Sharpe Refectory and go to the Second Time Around .
navigate through Andrews Hall and go to the Metcalf Research Building .
navigate through Alumnae Hall and go to the Maxcy Hall .
navigate through Thayer and Meeting and go to the Arnold Laboratory .
navigate through West House and go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
navigate through Robinson Hall and go to the East Side Station Post Office .
navigate through Hope College and go to the 219 Bowen .
navigate through Berk's;Shanghai and go to the Horace Mann House .
navigate through Urban Environmental Lab and go to the East Side Station Post Office .
navigate through Norwood House and go to the New Pembroke 1 .
navigate through John Hay Library and go to the New Pembroke 1 .
navigate through East Side Station Post Office and go to the Wilbour Hall .
navigate through The Ivy Room and go to the Pleasant Surprises .
navigate through Salon Persia and go to the Hughes Court .
navigate through Andrews Hall and go to the Slavery Memorial .
navigate through Circle Dance Sculpture and go to the Soban .
navigate through Morriss Hall and go to the Citizen's Bank .
navigate through 219 Bowen and go to the P-131317 .
navigate through Prince Engineering Lab and go to the Supercuts .
navigate through College Hill Bookstore and go to the Brown University Sciences Library .
navigate through Pleasant Surprises and go to the Urban Environmental Lab .
navigate through Facing Thayer and go to the Van Wickle Gates .
navigate through College Hill Bookstore and go to the Robinson Gate .
navigate through Lot 18 and go to the Metcalf Hall .
navigate through Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building and go to the Kassar House .
navigate through Blue State Coffee and go to the Slater Hall .
navigate through Champlin Hall and go to the Citizen's Bank .
navigate through Smith Buonanno Hall and go to the Brown University .
navigate through J.W. Wilson and go to the Avon Cinema .
navigate through New Pembroke 2 and go to the Mencoff Hall .
navigate through Marston Hall and go to the Pembroke Hall .
first go to to Spiritus Fermenti then go to the Van Wickle Gates .
first go to to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ then go to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
first go to to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall then go to the 164 Angel .
first go to to Lyman Hall then go to the Thayer and Meeting .
first go to to 219 Bowen then go to the Starbucks .
first go to to Metcalf Hall then go to the Robinson Gate .
first go to to Brown Bear then go to the New Pembroke 3 .
first go to to Berk's;Shanghai then go to the College Green .
first go to to Granoff Center then go to the Minden Hall .
first go to to New Pembroke 1 then go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
first go to to Miller Hall then go to the Wilbour Hall .
first go to to 164 Angel then go to the Metcalf Research Building .
first go to to Blue State Coffee then go to the Maxcy Green .
first go to to Friedman Hall then go to the Metcalf Hall .
first go to to Thayer and Meeting then go to the Class of 1887 Gate .
first go to to Citizen's Bank then go to the College Hill Bookstore .
first go to to Rhode Island Hall then go to the Metcalf Hall .
first go to to Prospect House then go to the Andrews Terrace .
first go to to University Hall then go to the Pleasant Surprises .
first go to to Rhode Island Hall then go to the Miller Hall .
first go to to Citizen's Bank then go to the New Pembroke 2 .
first go to to 111 Brown Street North House then go to the Saint Stephens Church .
first go to to Littlefield Hall then go to the Pembroke Park .
first go to to Hope College then go to the Pleasant Surprises .
first go to to Alumnae Hall then go to the Class of 1887 Gate .
first go to to Minden Hall then go to the Pleasant Surprises .
first go to to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority then go to the CVS .
first go to to Idee di pietra then go to the Brown University Bookstore .
first go to to Avon Cinema then go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
first go to to Manning then go to the Thayer and Cushing .
first go to to Pleasant Surprises then go to the 67 George .
first go to to New Pembroke 2 then go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
first go to to Brown University Bookstore then go to the Minden Hall .
first go to to Peter Green House then go to the P-131317 .
first go to to Gardner House then go to the Andrews Hall .
first go to to Biomedical Center then go to the Quiet Green .
first go to to Urban Environmental Lab then go to the Second Time Around .
first go to to Avon Cinema then go to the John Hay Library .
first go to to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority then go to the Champlin Hall .
first go to to College Green then go to the Facing Thayer .
first go to to West House then go to the Hegeman .
first go to to Prospect House then go to the Pembroke Hall .
first go to to Miller Hall then go to the BERT .
first go to to West House then go to the Campus Market .
first go to to Berk's;Shanghai then go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
first go to to Marston Hall then go to the Champlin Hall .
first go to to Starbucks then go to the Blue State Coffee .
first go to to Blue State Coffee then go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
first go to to Brown University then go to the Blue State Coffee .
first go to to Gardner House then go to the Biomedical Center .
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority through Thayer and Meeting .
go to the West House through Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to the Hope College through Morriss Hall .
go to the Soban through Lot 17 .
go to the Sharpe House through Lincoln Field Building .
go to the 219 Bowen through Wayland .
go to the Mencoff Hall through CVS .
go to the Smith Buonanno Hall through Brown Bear .
go to the Andrews Terrace through Wilbour Hall .
go to the Andrews Hall through Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to the BERT through East Side Station Post Office .
go to the Class of 1887 Gate through Pembroke Hall .
go to the New Pembroke 1 through Wayland .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall through Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to the East Side Station Post Office through 86 Waterman  .
go to the BERT through College Hill Bookstore .
go to the Sharpe House through Caswell Hall .
go to the Prospect House through Thayer and Meeting .
go to the Lyman Hall through Berk's;Shanghai .
go to the Brown University Bookstore through Brown Bear .
go to the New Pembroke 1 through Kassar House .
go to the The Ivy Room through Thayer and Cushing .
go to the Andreas through Friedman Hall .
go to the New Pembroke 1 through Sayles Hall .
go to the Circle Dance Sculpture through Andreas .
go to the Brown Bear through College Hill Bookstore .
go to the Blue State Coffee through Brown Bear .
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ through Brown University Bookstore .
go to the Manning through Thayer and Meeting .
go to the Lyman Hall through Sharpe House .
go to the Hillel House through List Art Building .
go to the Thayer and Meeting through Idee di pietra .
go to the College Green through New Pembroke 1 .
go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear through Morriss Hall .
go to the New Pembroke 4 through Saint Stephens Church .
go to the The Ivy Room through Spiritus Fermenti .
go to the Andreas through Wayland .
go to the Alumnae Hall through College Green .
go to the New Pembroke 4 through John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to the John Hay Library through Morriss Hall .
go to the Campus Market through J. R. Workman Garden .
go to the Pleasant Surprises through P-131317 .
go to the Barus Building through J. R. Workman Garden .
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology through Facing Thayer .
go to the Champlin Hall through Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to the Wilbour Hall through Berk's;Shanghai .
go to the Thayer and Cushing through Idee di pietra .
go to the Idee di pietra through Pleasant Surprises .
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority through Salon Persia .
go to the Granoff Center through Citizen's Bank .
go to the Circle Dance Sculpture through Meeting Street Cafe .
go to the Gardner House through Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to the University Hall through J. R. Workman Garden .
go to the New Pembroke 4 through Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to the Robinson Hall through Andrews Hall .
go to the Robinson Hall through Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to the 86 Waterman  through Peter Green House .
go to the Wilbour Hall through Berk's;Shanghai .
go to the Lincoln Field Building through Second Time Around .
always go through John Nicholas Brown Gate and then to the CVS .
always go through J. R. Workman Garden and then to the Metcalf Research Building .
always go through Quiet Green and then to the West House .
always go through Peter Green House and then to the Rhode Island Hall .
always go through Andrews Terrace and then to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
always go through West House and then to the Robinson Hall .
always go through Avon Cinema and then to the Prince Engineering Lab .
always go through Casey Shearer Memorial and then to the New Pembroke 4 .
always go through Biomedical Center and then to the Arnold Laboratory .
always go through 111 Brown Street North House and then to the Lippit House .
always go through Prince Engineering Lab and then to the New Pembroke 3 .
always go through Lot 76 and then to the Sharpe House .
always go through John Hay Library and then to the Soban .
always go through Medical Research Lab and then to the 111 Brown Street North House .
always go through Barus Building and then to the Supercuts .
always go through Robinson Gate and then to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
always go through Thayer and Cushing and then to the 67 George .
always go through 219 Bowen and then to the Faunce House .
always go through Casey Shearer Memorial and then to the J. R. Workman Garden .
always go through 67 George and then to the West House .
always go through Facing Thayer and then to the Class of 1872 Gate .
always go through J.W. Wilson and then to the Second Time Around .
always go through 219 Bowen and then to the Littlefield Hall .
always go through 219 Bowen and then to the Medical Research Lab .
always go through Granoff Center and then to the Norwood House .
always go through Lincoln Field Building and then to the Granoff Center .
always go through Sidney Frank Hall and then to the The Ivy Room .
always go through Starbucks and then to the Facing Thayer .
always go through Carrie Tower and then to the Salon Persia .
always go through Finlandia and then to the Hillel House .
always go through CVS and then to the Robinson Gate .
always go through Hope College and then to the 111 Brown Street North House .
always go through Mencoff Hall and then to the Pleasant Surprises .
always go through Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building and then to the Campus Market .
always go through Sharpe House and then to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
always go through Alpha Chi Omega Sorority and then to the New Pembroke 4 .
always go through Manning and then to the New Pembroke 3 .
always go through Sayles Hall and then to the Alumnae Hall .
always go through Maxcy Hall and then to the Avon Cinema .
always go through Sidney Frank Hall and then to the Simmons Quadrangle .
always go through Sharpe House and then to the College Green .
always go through Saint Stephens Church and then to the Sharpe House .
always go through Lippit House and then to the Andrews Terrace .
always go through Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences and then to the Pembroke Park .
always go through William Goddard Memorial Gate and then to the Morriss Hall .
always go through Barus Building and then to the 219 Bowen .
always go through Blue State Coffee and then to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
always go through Morgan Witter Rogers Gate and then to the Soban .
always go through Manning and then to the 111 Brown Street North House .
always go through Lincoln Field Building and then to the Spiritus Fermenti .
always go through Soban and then to the Maxcy Hall .
always go through Berk's;Shanghai and then to the Sayles Hall .
always go through Pembroke Park and then to the Horace Mann House .
always go through East Side Station Post Office and then to the Littlefield Hall .
always go through Pembroke Hall and then to the Arnold Laboratory .
always go through Rhode Island Hall and then to the Alumnae Hall .
always go through Circle Dance Sculpture and then to the Granoff Center .
go to the New Pembroke 1 through Marston Hall .
go to the Lincoln Field Building through West House .
go to the Blue Room through New Pembroke 4 .
go to the Metcalf Hall through Medical Research Lab .
go to the 164 Angel through Mencoff Hall .
go to the Thayer and Cushing through 67 George .
go to the Smith Buonanno Hall through Lincoln Field Building .
go to the Van Wickle Gates through Metcalf Hall .
go to the Morriss Hall through Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Slavery Memorial through Berk's;Shanghai .
go to the Slavery Memorial through Pembroke Park .
go to the Second Time Around through Lot 76 .
go to the Supercuts through Medical Research Lab .
go to the Alumnae Hall through Wilbour Hall .
go to the Supercuts through Lot 18 .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall through Slavery Memorial .
go to the West House through John Carter Brown Library .
go to the Quiet Green through CVS .
go to the Class of 1887 Gate through 219 Bowen .
go to the New Pembroke 3 through GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to the Manning through Andrews Hall .
go to the University Hall through Peter Green House .
go to the CVS through John Carter Brown Library .
go to the Berk's;Shanghai through John Carter Brown Library .
go to the Lot 17 through New Pembroke 1 .
go to the West House through Starbucks .
go to the New Pembroke 4 through Class of 1872 Gate .
go to the List Art Building through Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to the East Side Station Post Office through List Art Building .
go to the Supercuts through Starbucks .
go to the John Hay Library through Meeting Street Cafe .
go to the Alumnae Hall through Idee di pietra .
go to the Hillel House through Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to the Berk's;Shanghai through Caswell Hall .
go to the Emery Hall through Norwood House .
go to the The Ivy Room through East Side Station Post Office .
go to the East Side Station Post Office through Medical Research Lab .
go to the Emery Hall through Saint Stephens Church .
go to the 111 Brown Street North House through Urban Environmental Lab .
go to the New Pembroke 2 through Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to the Thayer and Cushing through Maddock Alumni  .
go to the Horace Mann House through CVS .
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching through Salon Persia .
go to the Blue State Coffee through Hope College .
go to the Citizen's Bank through Granoff Center .
go to the List Art Building through 111 Brown Street North House .
go to the Alumnae Hall through Rhode Island Hall .
go to the Sharpe House through Hughes Court .
go to the Norwood House through Metcalf Hall .
go to the Lincoln Field Building through Pembroke Park .
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall through Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to the Finlandia through Peter Green House .
go to the West House through Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Peter Green House through Sharpe Refectory .
go to East Side Station Post Office before going to the Blue Room
go to Hillel House before going to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall
go to Slater Hall before going to the J. R. Workman Garden
go to Lot 17 before going to the 164 Angel
go to Sharpe House before going to the J.W. Wilson
go to Emery & Wooley before going to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority
go to Spiritus Fermenti before going to the Van Wickle Gates
go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall before going to the 164 Angel
go to Rhode Island Hall before going to the Morriss Hall
go to Blue State Coffee before going to the Lippit House
go to New Pembroke 1 before going to the John Hay Library
go to Medical Research Lab before going to the College Hill Bookstore
go to John Hay Library before going to the Emery & Wooley
go to 219 Bowen before going to the Carrie Tower
go to Sidney Frank Hall before going to the Brown Bear
go to Finlandia before going to the Spiritus Fermenti
go to Norwood House before going to the Brown University Bookstore
go to 164 Angel before going to the Rhode Island Hall
go to John Hay Library before going to the Andrews Terrace
go to Casey Shearer Memorial before going to the Andrews Hall
go to Meeting Street Cafe before going to the John Nicholas Brown Gate
go to Littlefield Hall before going to the New Pembroke 2
go to Quiet Green before going to the J. R. Workman Garden
go to William Goddard Memorial Gate before going to the Second Time Around
go to Wriston Quad before going to the Berk's;Shanghai
go to Brown Center for Students of Color before going to the Hillel House
go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority before going to the Pembroke Park
go to Peter Green House before going to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology
go to Andrews Terrace before going to the Hegeman
go to Hillel House before going to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop
go to 219 Bowen before going to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity
go to Smith Buonanno Hall before going to the Van Wickle Gates
go to J.W. Wilson before going to the Biomedical Center
go to Minden Hall before going to the Blue State Coffee
go to Pembroke Hall before going to the Van Wickle Gates
go to Wilbour Hall before going to the New Pembroke 4
go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority before going to the Peter Green House
go to Marston Hall before going to the Morriss Hall
go to Lot 17 before going to the Pembroke Hall
go to Quiet Green before going to the Hillel House
go to Metcalf Research Building before going to the 219 Bowen
go to Mencoff Hall before going to the Miller Hall
go to Verney-Woolley Hall before going to the Robinson Hall
go to Brown University Bookstore before going to the Class of 1887 Gate
go to Pleasant Surprises before going to the Untitled Lamp/Bear
go to Lot 18 before going to the Sidney Frank Hall
go to Maxcy Hall before going to the Sharpe House
go to Emery & Wooley before going to the Sharpe Refectory
go to Hegeman before going to the College Hill Bookstore
go to Faunce House before going to the Soban
go to Second Time Around before going to the Urban Environmental Lab
go to Swearer Center for Public Service before going to the Spiritus Fermenti
go to the Emery & Wooley by first going through Gardner House .
go to the Hillel House by first going through Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to the College Hill Bookstore by first going through Class of 1872 Gate .
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching by first going through Facing Thayer .
go to the New Pembroke 1 by first going through Van Wickle Gates .
go to the New Pembroke 2 by first going through 67 George .
go to the Class of 1872 Gate by first going through Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching by first going through Soban .
go to the College Hill Bookstore by first going through University Hall .
go to the John Hay Library by first going through Andreas .
go to the Second Time Around by first going through Blue Room .
go to the Andreas by first going through List Art Building .
go to the Shirley Miller House by first going through Metcalf Hall .
go to the College Hill Bookstore by first going through John Hay Library .
go to the Morriss Hall by first going through John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to the Metcalf Hall by first going through Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to the Emery Hall by first going through Robinson Gate .
go to the Metcalf Research Building by first going through Soban .
go to the Avon Cinema by first going through Campus Market .
go to the Saint Stephens Church by first going through Andreas .
go to the Thayer and Cushing by first going through Barus Building .
go to the Metcalf Hall by first going through Hegeman .
go to the Peter Green House by first going through John Hay Library .
go to the Maxcy Green by first going through Spiritus Fermenti .
go to the Salon Persia by first going through J.W. Wilson .
go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate by first going through Emery Hall .
go to the Prospect House by first going through Morriss Hall .
go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear by first going through Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the Metcalf Hall by first going through Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to the Pembroke Park by first going through Urban Environmental Lab .
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching by first going through 219 Bowen .
go to the Facing Thayer by first going through Maxcy Hall .
go to the West House by first going through Slavery Memorial .
go to the Carrie Tower by first going through New Pembroke 1 .
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity by first going through Hillel House .
go to the Salon Persia by first going through Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to the Lot 17 by first going through Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the Circle Dance Sculpture by first going through College Hill Bookstore .
go to the Horace Mann House by first going through New Pembroke 2 .
go to the Medical Research Lab by first going through Meeting Street Cafe .
go to the Hillel House by first going through Manning .
go to the Friedman Hall by first going through 111 Brown Street North House .
go to the Andrews Terrace by first going through 86 Waterman  .
go to the Lot 76 by first going through Champlin Hall .
go to the Marcus Aurelius by first going through Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to the Slavery Memorial by first going through Morriss Hall .
go to the College Hill Bookstore by first going through Slater Hall .
go to the Robinson Hall by first going through 111 Brown Street North House .
go to the Hope College by first going through Biomedical Center .
go to the Miller Hall by first going through William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to the Andreas by first going through List Art Building .
go to the Slavery Memorial by first going through J. R. Workman Garden .
go to the Brown Bear by first going through Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to the New Pembroke 3 by first going through Robinson Gate .
go to the Miller Hall by first going through GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to the Starbucks by first going through Metcalf Hall .
go to the Friedman Hall by first going through Emery Hall .
always avoid going to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology through the Sidney Frank Hall
always avoid going to New Pembroke 3 through the John Carter Brown Library
always avoid going to West House through the Sharpe Refectory
always avoid going to Hillel House through the Wilbour Hall
always avoid going to Van Wickle Gates through the Granoff Center
always avoid going to Brown Bear through the Meeting Street Cafe
always avoid going to CVS through the Hope College
always avoid going to Peter Green House through the Class of 1872 Gate
always avoid going to Citizen's Bank through the College Hill Bookstore
always avoid going to Supercuts through the Walter Hall
always avoid going to Thayer and Meeting through the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate
always avoid going to Granoff Center through the Lippit House
always avoid going to Verney-Woolley Hall through the Maxcy Green
always avoid going to College Green through the Sidney Frank Hall
always avoid going to New Pembroke 1 through the Kassar House
always avoid going to Salon Persia through the Lot 76
always avoid going to 164 Angel through the Wriston Quad
always avoid going to John Carter Brown Library through the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building
always avoid going to Spiritus Fermenti through the BERT
always avoid going to Andrews Terrace through the Carrie Tower
always avoid going to Brown University Bookstore through the Walter Hall
always avoid going to Sharpe House through the Casey Shearer Memorial
always avoid going to List Art Building through the Sidney Frank Hall
always avoid going to New Pembroke 1 through the 67 George
always avoid going to Metcalf Research Building through the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building
always avoid going to Verney-Woolley Hall through the Sharpe Refectory
always avoid going to John Carter Brown Library through the College Hill Bookstore
always avoid going to Faunce House through the Emery Hall
always avoid going to Hughes Court through the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building
always avoid going to Soldiers Memorial Gate through the CVS
always avoid going to East Side Station Post Office through the College Green
always avoid going to Granoff Center through the War Memorial
always avoid going to Brown University Sciences Library through the Meeting Street Cafe
always avoid going to 86 Waterman  through the Berk's;Shanghai
always avoid going to Lippit House through the Miller Hall
always avoid going to Shirley Miller House through the Soban
always avoid going to Sharpe House through the Lippit House
always avoid going to Biomedical Center through the Robinson Hall
always avoid going to New Pembroke 4 through the Prospect House
always avoid going to Simmons Quadrangle through the Hillel House
always avoid going to Brown Center for Students of Color through the College Hill Bookstore
always avoid going to Hope College through the College Hill Bookstore
always avoid going to Granoff Center through the Rhode Island Hall
always avoid going to University Hall through the Pembroke Park
always avoid going to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ through the West House
always avoid going to Morriss Hall through the Sears
always avoid going to BERT through the New Pembroke 2
always avoid going to Sharpe House through the Carrie Tower
always avoid going to Biomedical Center through the Van Wickle Gates
always avoid going to Andreas through the 67 George
always avoid going to Robinson Hall through the CVS
go through Morriss Hall to the University Hall .
go through Thayer and Cushing to the Mencoff Hall .
go through Smith Buonanno Hall to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go through Citizen's Bank to the New Pembroke 2 .
go through College Green to the Hillel House .
go through Andrews Hall to the Medical Research Lab .
go through Sharpe Refectory to the Andreas .
go through Smith Buonanno Hall to the Citizen's Bank .
go through College Green to the Salon Persia .
go through Sayles Hall to the Emery Hall .
go through Robinson Gate to the Spiritus Fermenti .
go through 164 Angel to the 67 George .
go through Salomon Center for Teaching to the Emery Hall .
go through John Hay Library to the Pembroke Park .
go through Champlin Hall to the Brown Bear .
go through Lincoln Field Building to the Granoff Center .
go through J.W. Wilson to the Second Time Around .
go through Sharpe House to the Lyman Hall .
go through Metcalf Hall to the Littlefield Hall .
go through Andreas to the Hope College .
go through Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building to the Caswell Hall .
go through John Carter Brown Library to the Biomedical Center .
go through Metcalf Research Building to the Spiritus Fermenti .
go through Pembroke Hall to the Lot 76 .
go through New Pembroke 2 to the John Hay Library .
go through Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences to the Avon Cinema .
go through New Pembroke 2 to the Sayles Hall .
go through 219 Bowen to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go through Pembroke Hall to the Idee di pietra .
go through CVS to the Horace Mann House .
go through Supercuts to the Lot 17 .
go through Sidney Frank Hall to the BERT .
go through Emery Hall to the Rhode Island Hall .
go through Emery Hall to the Robinson Gate .
go through Verney-Woolley Hall to the Wriston Quad .
go through Robinson Hall to the College Hill Bookstore .
go through Blue State Coffee to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go through Brown Bear to the Sharpe House .
go through Granoff Center to the Hope College .
go through War Memorial to the New Pembroke 3 .
go through Untitled Lamp/Bear to the Andreas .
go through Simmons Quadrangle to the Morriss Hall .
go through War Memorial to the Alumnae Hall .
go through Watson Center for Information Technology to the Berk's;Shanghai .
go through West House to the Lot 18 .
go through Emery & Wooley to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go through Lot 17 to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go through John Nicholas Brown Gate to the West House .
go through Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go through West House to the Slater Hall .
go through Prince Engineering Lab to the College Hill Bookstore .
go through the 111 Brown Street North House to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go through the Hughes Court to the Pembroke Hall .
go through the Robinson Hall to the Spiritus Fermenti .
go through the Peter Green House to the 86 Waterman  .
go through the Idee di pietra to the Berk's;Shanghai .
go through the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority to the Brown University Bookstore .
go through the Blue State Coffee to the Slater Hall .
go through the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building to the Rockefeller Library .
go through the College Hill Bookstore to the Robinson Hall .
go through the Prince Engineering Lab to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go through the Pembroke Hall to the Mencoff Hall .
go through the Berk's;Shanghai to the Class of 1872 Gate .
go through the New Pembroke 3 to the P-131317 .
go through the Morriss Hall to the Norwood House .
go through the Pleasant Surprises to the Lippit House .
go through the CVS to the Friedman Hall .
go through the West House to the John Hay Library .
go through the Slavery Memorial to the East Side Station Post Office .
go through the Hillel House to the Hope College .
go through the New Pembroke 4 to the Saint Stephens Church .
go through the New Pembroke 4 to the Metcalf Research Building .
go through the Lippit House to the Morriss Hall .
go through the Emery Hall to the Van Wickle Gates .
go through the Lot 17 to the CVS .
go through the 67 George to the Berk's;Shanghai .
go through the Prospect House to the New Pembroke 1 .
go through the Miller Hall to the John Carter Brown Library .
go through the Pembroke Hall to the Norwood House .
go through the Thayer and Cushing to the Sears .
go through the Pembroke Park to the Quiet Green .
go through the John Nicholas Brown Gate to the Supercuts .
go through the Friedman Hall to the J. R. Workman Garden .
go through the Pembroke Hall to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go through the BERT to the Pembroke Park .
go through the Lyman Hall to the 164 Angel .
go through the The Ivy Room to the Pembroke Hall .
go through the Sears to the Blue State Coffee .
go through the Second Time Around to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go through the West House to the List Art Building .
go through the Friedman Hall to the Second Time Around .
go through the Brown Bear to the Supercuts .
go through the Rockefeller Library to the West House .
go through the Marcus Aurelius to the Blue State Coffee .
go through the College Hill Bookstore to the Horace Mann House .
go through the John Nicholas Brown Gate to the Emery & Wooley .
go through the Meeting Street Cafe to the Rhode Island Hall .
go through the Verney-Woolley Hall to the Brown Bear .
go through the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall to the 111 Brown Street North House .
go through the Blue Room to the Andrews Hall .
go through the Sharpe House to the Rockefeller Library .
go through the Granoff Center to the John Carter Brown Library .
go through the 111 Brown Street North House to the Saint Stephens Church .
go through the Thayer and Meeting to the Walter Hall .
navigate to the Lyman Hall after going to the Alumnae Hall .
navigate to the New Pembroke 2 after going to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
navigate to the Soldiers Memorial Gate after going to the CVS .
navigate to the Marcus Aurelius after going to the Thayer and Cushing .
navigate to the Thayer and Meeting after going to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
navigate to the Pembroke Park after going to the Prospect House .
navigate to the List Art Building after going to the Supercuts .
navigate to the Maxcy Green after going to the Pleasant Surprises .
navigate to the Pembroke Hall after going to the Manning .
navigate to the Barus Building after going to the Supercuts .
navigate to the Brown University Bookstore after going to the Shirley Miller House .
navigate to the Lot 17 after going to the Berk's;Shanghai .
navigate to the College Hill Bookstore after going to the BERT .
navigate to the Idee di pietra after going to the Thayer and Meeting .
navigate to the Second Time Around after going to the Wayland .
navigate to the Idee di pietra after going to the Emery & Wooley .
navigate to the West House after going to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
navigate to the Manning after going to the Andrews Hall .
navigate to the Pembroke Hall after going to the The Ivy Room .
navigate to the Prospect House after going to the Thayer and Meeting .
navigate to the Biomedical Center after going to the Rhode Island Hall .
navigate to the Pembroke Park after going to the Lot 18 .
navigate to the Arnold Laboratory after going to the Avon Cinema .
navigate to the Soban after going to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
navigate to the New Pembroke 4 after going to the Norwood House .
navigate to the Sidney Frank Hall after going to the Barus Building .
navigate to the University Hall after going to the Pembroke Hall .
navigate to the Berk's;Shanghai after going to the Lot 17 .
navigate to the New Pembroke 4 after going to the Manning .
navigate to the Blue Room after going to the Emery & Wooley .
navigate to the 111 Brown Street North House after going to the John Hay Library .
navigate to the 111 Brown Street North House after going to the Finlandia .
navigate to the New Pembroke 4 after going to the List Art Building .
navigate to the Wayland after going to the Metcalf Hall .
navigate to the Pembroke Hall after going to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
navigate to the Alumnae Hall after going to the P-131317 .
navigate to the Brown Bear after going to the New Pembroke 3 .
navigate to the Alumnae Hall after going to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
navigate to the The Ivy Room after going to the College Hill Bookstore .
navigate to the Hope College after going to the Sharpe House .
navigate to the West House after going to the Campus Market .
navigate to the New Pembroke 4 after going to the Blue Room .
navigate to the Second Time Around after going to the Norwood House .
navigate to the Biomedical Center after going to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
navigate to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority after going to the Avon Cinema .
navigate to the Soldiers Memorial Gate after going to the Andreas .
navigate to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority after going to the Morriss Hall .
navigate to the Sharpe Refectory after going to the Biomedical Center .
navigate to the Sayles Hall after going to the Soban .
navigate to the Saint Stephens Church after going to the Emery Hall .
navigate to the Thayer and Meeting after going to the Finlandia .
navigate to the Brown University Bookstore after going to the Lincoln Field Building .
navigate to the Meeting Street Cafe after going to the BERT .
navigate to the Casey Shearer Memorial after going to the J. R. Workman Garden .
navigate to the Facing Thayer after going to the Minden Hall .
navigate to the Thayer and Cushing after going to the Finlandia .
navigate to the Brown University Sciences Library after going to the Pleasant Surprises .
navigate to the Pembroke Park after going to the Maxcy Hall .
navigate to the Second Time Around after going to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to the Casey Shearer Memorial , then navigate to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to the Biomedical Center , then navigate to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to the Caswell Hall , then navigate to the Champlin Hall .
go to the Wilbour Hall , then navigate to the Second Time Around .
go to the CVS , then navigate to the Carrie Tower .
go to the Brown University Bookstore , then navigate to the BERT .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall , then navigate to the Wilbour Hall .
go to the Champlin Hall , then navigate to the Lot 17 .
go to the Thayer and Cushing , then navigate to the Saint Stephens Church .
go to the Andrews Terrace , then navigate to the Lot 76 .
go to the Brown University Sciences Library , then navigate to the Spiritus Fermenti .
go to the College Hill Bookstore , then navigate to the Manning .
go to the John Hay Library , then navigate to the CVS .
go to the West House , then navigate to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to the Blue State Coffee , then navigate to the List Art Building .
go to the New Pembroke 2 , then navigate to the Marcus Aurelius .
go to the Quiet Green , then navigate to the CVS .
go to the Andreas , then navigate to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to the West House , then navigate to the P-131317 .
go to the Pleasant Surprises , then navigate to the War Memorial .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall , then navigate to the Barus Building .
go to the Hope College , then navigate to the Pembroke Hall .
go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building , then navigate to the Campus Market .
go to the Hughes Court , then navigate to the Blue State Coffee .
go to the P-131317 , then navigate to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to the New Pembroke 1 , then navigate to the Rhode Island Hall .
go to the Rockefeller Library , then navigate to the Second Time Around .
go to the Finlandia , then navigate to the J. R. Workman Garden .
go to the Sharpe House , then navigate to the Finlandia .
go to the Brown University Sciences Library , then navigate to the Sharpe House .
go to the Smith Buonanno Hall , then navigate to the Wriston Quad .
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color , then navigate to the New Pembroke 2 .
go to the Spiritus Fermenti , then navigate to the Wriston Quad .
go to the P-131317 , then navigate to the Berk's;Shanghai .
go to the Prospect House , then navigate to the Andreas .
go to the Robinson Gate , then navigate to the Alumnae Hall .
go to the 86 Waterman  , then navigate to the Meeting Street Cafe .
go to the Sayles Hall , then navigate to the Soban .
go to the War Memorial , then navigate to the 164 Angel .
go to the Champlin Hall , then navigate to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall , then navigate to the BERT .
go to the Medical Research Lab , then navigate to the Champlin Hall .
go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate , then navigate to the Facing Thayer .
go to the Soban , then navigate to the Manning .
go to the Spiritus Fermenti , then navigate to the 86 Waterman  .
go to the Hegeman , then navigate to the CVS .
go to the Facing Thayer , then navigate to the Slavery Memorial .
go to the Soban , then navigate to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall , then navigate to the Gardner House .
go to the Berk's;Shanghai , then navigate to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to the Granoff Center , then navigate to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Supercuts , then navigate to the The Ivy Room .
go to the Meeting Street Cafe , then navigate to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to the Morriss Hall , then navigate to the Robinson Gate .
go to the Blue State Coffee then move to the Lot 17 .
go to the West House then move to the Lot 76 .
go to the New Pembroke 2 then move to the Gardner House .
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ then move to the Biomedical Center .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall then move to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to the Blue Room then move to the Emery & Wooley .
go to the Pembroke Park then move to the Brown University Sciences Library .
go to the Alumnae Hall then move to the Rockefeller Library .
go to the Prince Engineering Lab then move to the Avon Cinema .
go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate then move to the Peter Green House .
go to the Maxcy Green then move to the New Pembroke 3 .
go to the Medical Research Lab then move to the CVS .
go to the Second Time Around then move to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to the John Hay Library then move to the Berk's;Shanghai .
go to the Walter Hall then move to the J. R. Workman Garden .
go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate then move to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the 219 Bowen then move to the Maxcy Hall .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall then move to the Gardner House .
go to the Brown University then move to the Andrews Hall .
go to the Hope College then move to the Thayer and Cushing .
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity then move to the 164 Angel .
go to the 86 Waterman  then move to the 219 Bowen .
go to the Mencoff Hall then move to the New Pembroke 3 .
go to the Berk's;Shanghai then move to the Kassar House .
go to the Slater Hall then move to the Thayer and Cushing .
go to the 164 Angel then move to the Caswell Hall .
go to the Class of 1872 Gate then move to the Andreas .
go to the Lot 18 then move to the Biomedical Center .
go to the Second Time Around then move to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to the Lot 18 then move to the Spiritus Fermenti .
go to the Saint Stephens Church then move to the Alumnae Hall .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall then move to the Metcalf Research Building .
go to the 86 Waterman  then move to the Berk's;Shanghai .
go to the West House then move to the Finlandia .
go to the Rockefeller Library then move to the Thayer and Meeting .
go to the Horace Mann House then move to the Thayer and Cushing .
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop then move to the Alumnae Hall .
go to the Metcalf Hall then move to the Brown University .
go to the Citizen's Bank then move to the Hillel House .
go to the Casey Shearer Memorial then move to the East Side Station Post Office .
go to the CVS then move to the Campus Market .
go to the Berk's;Shanghai then move to the Caswell Hall .
go to the Lincoln Field Building then move to the J. R. Workman Garden .
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall then move to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Caswell Hall then move to the CVS .
go to the Barus Building then move to the Metcalf Hall .
go to the Manning then move to the Blue State Coffee .
go to the 111 Brown Street North House then move to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Saint Stephens Church then move to the J. R. Workman Garden .
go to the Brown University Bookstore then move to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall then move to the Lot 18 .
go to the New Pembroke 4 then move to the Class of 1887 Gate .
go to the Lot 18 then move to the Pembroke Park .
go to the Marcus Aurelius then move to the Thayer and Meeting .
go to the Faunce House then move to the Second Time Around .
go to the Urban Environmental Lab then move to the Supercuts .
go to the Pembroke Park then move to the Hegeman .
go to the The Ivy Room through the Emery Hall
go to the Class of 1887 Gate through the Hillel House
go to the Thayer and Meeting through the Brown University
go to the Alumnae Hall through the 86 Waterman 
go to the Maxcy Hall through the Avon Cinema
go to the Citizen's Bank through the Emery Hall
go to the Brown Bear through the East Side Station Post Office
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop through the Metcalf Hall
go to the Manning through the New Pembroke 2
go to the Class of 1887 Gate through the Emery & Wooley
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall through the Walter Hall
go to the Lot 18 through the Pembroke Hall
go to the New Pembroke 2 through the John Hay Library
go to the University Hall through the Morriss Hall
go to the Mencoff Hall through the Thayer and Cushing
go to the West House through the Brown Bear
go to the Berk's;Shanghai through the Lippit House
go to the Sidney Frank Hall through the Sayles Hall
go to the Manning through the Pembroke Park
go to the Pleasant Surprises through the Starbucks
go to the Lot 76 through the Verney-Woolley Hall
go to the List Art Building through the Pembroke Hall
go to the Lot 18 through the Pembroke Park
go to the Starbucks through the Salon Persia
go to the Circle Dance Sculpture through the Andrews Terrace
go to the Sidney Frank Hall through the BERT
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ through the Supercuts
go to the Urban Environmental Lab through the Hillel House
go to the Brown University through the Spiritus Fermenti
go to the Hillel House through the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ
go to the Spiritus Fermenti through the Finlandia
go to the Lyman Hall through the College Hill Bookstore
go to the 111 Brown Street North House through the Maddock Alumni 
go to the Class of 1887 Gate through the East Side Station Post Office
go to the Metcalf Research Building through the Peter Green House
go to the J. R. Workman Garden through the Wayland
go to the Spiritus Fermenti through the Simmons Quadrangle
go to the Rhode Island Hall through the Granoff Center
go to the BERT through the New Pembroke 3
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall through the Lot 76
go to the Lyman Hall through the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building
go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building through the Kassar House
go to the Class of 1872 Gate through the Pembroke Park
go to the Littlefield Hall through the J. R. Workman Garden
go to the Facing Thayer through the Blue Room
go to the Friedman Hall through the 111 Brown Street North House
go to the Andreas through the Watson Center for Information Technology
go to the Circle Dance Sculpture through the Supercuts
go to the Barus Building through the Brown University Bookstore
go to the New Pembroke 1 through the Sears
go to the New Pembroke 4 through the Brown Center for Students of Color
go to the Maddock Alumni  through the Alumnae Hall
go to the Norwood House through the J. R. Workman Garden
go to the Sidney Frank Hall through the Finlandia
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate through the 164 Angel
go to the The Ivy Room through the West House
go to the Supercuts through the Norwood House
go through the J. R. Workman Garden and navigate to the Robinson Hall .
go through the Wayland and navigate to the Spiritus Fermenti .
go through the John Nicholas Brown Gate and navigate to the New Pembroke 1 .
go through the Marston Hall and navigate to the Metcalf Hall .
go through the Casey Shearer Memorial and navigate to the 219 Bowen .
go through the Rhode Island Hall and navigate to the 164 Angel .
go through the Hillel House and navigate to the Robinson Hall .
go through the Supercuts and navigate to the Quiet Green .
go through the College Hill Bookstore and navigate to the Maxcy Hall .
go through the Marcus Aurelius and navigate to the Sharpe House .
go through the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority and navigate to the CVS .
go through the Arnold Laboratory and navigate to the Salon Persia .
go through the Horace Mann House and navigate to the Biomedical Center .
go through the John Nicholas Brown Gate and navigate to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go through the Emery Hall and navigate to the Lippit House .
go through the Hillel House and navigate to the John Hay Library .
go through the Idee di pietra and navigate to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go through the Hillel House and navigate to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go through the Lippit House and navigate to the Alumnae Hall .
go through the Class of 1872 Gate and navigate to the New Pembroke 2 .
go through the J.W. Wilson and navigate to the Salon Persia .
go through the Kassar House and navigate to the Brown University Bookstore .
go through the Van Wickle Gates and navigate to the New Pembroke 2 .
go through the Simmons Quadrangle and navigate to the Thayer and Meeting .
go through the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall and navigate to the Metcalf Hall .
go through the Robinson Hall and navigate to the Granoff Center .
go through the Barus Building and navigate to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go through the Walter Hall and navigate to the Brown University Bookstore .
go through the Thayer and Meeting and navigate to the BERT .
go through the 111 Brown Street North House and navigate to the Brown University Sciences Library .
go through the Champlin Hall and navigate to the John Carter Brown Library .
go through the Campus Market and navigate to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go through the Van Wickle Gates and navigate to the Emery & Wooley .
go through the Meeting Street Cafe and navigate to the 86 Waterman  .
go through the Robinson Gate and navigate to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
go through the Emery Hall and navigate to the Medical Research Lab .
go through the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority and navigate to the Second Time Around .
go through the Miller Hall and navigate to the The Ivy Room .
go through the Brown University and navigate to the Soban .
go through the Hughes Court and navigate to the Biomedical Center .
go through the Peter Green House and navigate to the Blue Room .
go through the John Hay Library and navigate to the Granoff Center .
go through the Soban and navigate to the Wriston Quad .
go through the Manning and navigate to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go through the Faunce House and navigate to the Pembroke Hall .
go through the Facing Thayer and navigate to the Horace Mann House .
go through the John Hay Library and navigate to the Andrews Hall .
go through the Pembroke Park and navigate to the Robinson Hall .
go through the Smith Buonanno Hall and navigate to the Brown Bear .
go through the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall and navigate to the Alumnae Hall .
go through the Starbucks and navigate to the 111 Brown Street North House .
go through the Maxcy Hall and navigate to the Alumnae Hall .
go through the College Green and navigate to the Salon Persia .
go through the Lot 17 and navigate to the Andrews Terrace .
go through the Miller Hall and navigate to the The Ivy Room .
go through the Berk's;Shanghai and navigate to the War Memorial .
go through the Lot 18 and navigate to the West House .
from the 67 George , navigate to the 111 Brown Street North House .
from the Andrews Hall , navigate to the Starbucks .
from the Lot 17 , navigate to the New Pembroke 2 .
from the Metcalf Hall , navigate to the Citizen's Bank .
from the Morriss Hall , navigate to the Norwood House .
from the Pleasant Surprises , navigate to the Brown University Sciences Library .
from the Smith Buonanno Hall , navigate to the Brown Bear .
from the 219 Bowen , navigate to the Slavery Memorial .
from the Sharpe House , navigate to the Urban Environmental Lab .
from the College Hill Bookstore , navigate to the Brown Bear .
from the Kassar House , navigate to the West House .
from the Lot 18 , navigate to the Salon Persia .
from the John Nicholas Brown Gate , navigate to the Meeting Street Cafe .
from the John Hay Library , navigate to the Alumnae Hall .
from the New Pembroke 2 , navigate to the Slavery Memorial .
from the John Carter Brown Library , navigate to the New Pembroke 1 .
from the Metcalf Hall , navigate to the Maddock Alumni  .
from the New Pembroke 2 , navigate to the Starbucks .
from the New Pembroke 4 , navigate to the College Green .
from the Starbucks , navigate to the New Pembroke 2 .
from the Watson Center for Information Technology , navigate to the Pembroke Park .
from the Thayer and Cushing , navigate to the Brown University .
from the Alumnae Hall , navigate to the Blue Room .
from the West House , navigate to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
from the Alumnae Hall , navigate to the Quiet Green .
from the Lippit House , navigate to the Blue State Coffee .
from the Barus Building , navigate to the Supercuts .
from the Emery & Wooley , navigate to the Sharpe Refectory .
from the CVS , navigate to the The Ivy Room .
from the Pleasant Surprises , navigate to the Brown Bear .
from the Salon Persia , navigate to the Norwood House .
from the William Goddard Memorial Gate , navigate to the Pembroke Park .
from the Supercuts , navigate to the Lippit House .
from the Van Wickle Gates , navigate to the Sharpe House .
from the Brown University , navigate to the Hillel House .
from the J.W. Wilson , navigate to the Blue State Coffee .
from the Salomon Center for Teaching , navigate to the Thayer and Cushing .
from the Finlandia , navigate to the Andrews Hall .
from the Circle Dance Sculpture , navigate to the Blue State Coffee .
from the West House , navigate to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
from the Spiritus Fermenti , navigate to the Wriston Quad .
from the Avon Cinema , navigate to the University Hall .
from the Verney-Woolley Hall , navigate to the Maxcy Green .
from the Facing Thayer , navigate to the Carrie Tower .
from the Casey Shearer Memorial , navigate to the 164 Angel .
from the Miller Hall , navigate to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
from the 164 Angel , navigate to the Class of 1872 Gate .
from the Rhode Island Hall , navigate to the Alumnae Hall .
from the Thayer and Meeting , navigate to the Rhode Island Hall .
from the Hughes Court , navigate to the Metcalf Hall .
from the Sayles Hall , navigate to the New Pembroke 1 .
navigate to the John Nicholas Brown Gate before going to the Metcalf Hall .
navigate to the College Hill Bookstore before going to the Carrie Tower .
navigate to the Andrews Hall before going to the Lincoln Field Building .
navigate to the Rhode Island Hall before going to the Metcalf Hall .
navigate to the Thayer and Meeting before going to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
navigate to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate before going to the Biomedical Center .
navigate to the Lot 76 before going to the Spiritus Fermenti .
navigate to the Carrie Tower before going to the Facing Thayer .
navigate to the New Pembroke 2 before going to the John Hay Library .
navigate to the Lincoln Field Building before going to the Sidney Frank Hall .
navigate to the Spiritus Fermenti before going to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
navigate to the Robinson Hall before going to the Morriss Hall .
navigate to the Wayland before going to the J. R. Workman Garden .
navigate to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building before going to the John Hay Library .
navigate to the Maddock Alumni  before going to the Alumnae Hall .
navigate to the Peter Green House before going to the Horace Mann House .
navigate to the Facing Thayer before going to the Mencoff Hall .
navigate to the University Hall before going to the Andrews Hall .
navigate to the John Nicholas Brown Gate before going to the Emery Hall .
navigate to the 111 Brown Street North House before going to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
navigate to the Verney-Woolley Hall before going to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
navigate to the John Hay Library before going to the New Pembroke 2 .
navigate to the Andrews Terrace before going to the John Carter Brown Library .
navigate to the Rhode Island Hall before going to the New Pembroke 4 .
navigate to the Granoff Center before going to the 86 Waterman  .
navigate to the Sidney Frank Hall before going to the Brown Bear .
navigate to the Lot 76 before going to the Andrews Terrace .
navigate to the Swearer Center for Public Service before going to the Champlin Hall .
navigate to the Andrews Hall before going to the Campus Market .
navigate to the Andrews Terrace before going to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
navigate to the Finlandia before going to the Second Time Around .
navigate to the Pleasant Surprises before going to the Kassar House .
navigate to the John Nicholas Brown Gate before going to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
navigate to the West House before going to the Lot 18 .
navigate to the Faunce House before going to the Spiritus Fermenti .
navigate to the New Pembroke 4 before going to the Brown University .
navigate to the Pembroke Park before going to the Idee di pietra .
navigate to the Starbucks before going to the 219 Bowen .
navigate to the Van Wickle Gates before going to the Meeting Street Cafe .
navigate to the Alumnae Hall before going to the Slater Hall .
navigate to the West House before going to the Idee di pietra .
navigate to the Lyman Hall before going to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
navigate to the Slater Hall before going to the 164 Angel .
navigate to the Hegeman before going to the Pembroke Park .
navigate to the Avon Cinema before going to the Prospect House .
navigate to the Sidney Frank Hall before going to the Urban Environmental Lab .
navigate to the Brown Bear before going to the J. R. Workman Garden .
navigate to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building before going to the Slater Hall .
navigate to the Sidney Frank Hall before going to the Arnold Laboratory .
navigate to the Salon Persia before going to the Sharpe Refectory .
navigate to the College Hill Bookstore before going to the John Hay Library .
navigate to the Salon Persia before going to the Metcalf Research Building .
navigate to the Maxcy Green before going to the Emery & Wooley .
navigate to the Brown University Bookstore before going to the Marcus Aurelius .
navigate to the Berk's;Shanghai before going to the War Memorial .
navigate to the Hope College before going to the West House .
navigate to the Prince Engineering Lab before going to the Brown University Bookstore .
go through the Walter Hall to the West House .
go through the Salon Persia to the Hope College .
go through the College Green to the College Hill Bookstore .
go through the P-131317 to the Thayer and Cushing .
go through the Norwood House to the Supercuts .
go through the Watson Center for Information Technology to the Metcalf Hall .
go through the Carrie Tower to the Biomedical Center .
go through the Alumnae Hall to the Starbucks .
go through the New Pembroke 3 to the Slater Hall .
go through the Pembroke Hall to the The Ivy Room .
go through the Faunce House to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go through the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences to the Alumnae Hall .
go through the Verney-Woolley Hall to the Idee di pietra .
go through the Brown University to the Miller Hall .
go through the West House to the J.W. Wilson .
go through the Marcus Aurelius to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
go through the P-131317 to the J. R. Workman Garden .
go through the Blue Room to the New Pembroke 4 .
go through the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority to the Metcalf Hall .
go through the Brown Bear to the East Side Station Post Office .
go through the Finlandia to the New Pembroke 4 .
go through the Meeting Street Cafe to the Brown University .
go through the Lot 17 to the Emery & Wooley .
go through the P-131317 to the Andrews Hall .
go through the Lippit House to the Emery & Wooley .
go through the College Green to the Andrews Hall .
go through the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ to the Emery & Wooley .
go through the Soban to the Carrie Tower .
go through the West House to the Faunce House .
go through the Supercuts to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go through the Littlefield Hall to the College Hill Bookstore .
go through the Meeting Street Cafe to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go through the Pembroke Hall to the Campus Market .
go through the West House to the Class of 1872 Gate .
go through the New Pembroke 3 to the Lot 18 .
go through the J. R. Workman Garden to the Faunce House .
go through the Blue State Coffee to the P-131317 .
go through the Miller Hall to the Wayland .
go through the New Pembroke 1 to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go through the Lyman Hall to the New Pembroke 2 .
go through the Supercuts to the Faunce House .
go through the Robinson Hall to the Andrews Hall .
go through the Alumnae Hall to the Brown Bear .
go through the Brown Bear to the Emery Hall .
go through the Medical Research Lab to the East Side Station Post Office .
go through the Champlin Hall to the John Hay Library .
go through the Brown University to the J. R. Workman Garden .
go through the Class of 1887 Gate to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go through the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology to the Avon Cinema .
go through the Sidney Frank Hall to the Maddock Alumni  .
go from the William Goddard Memorial Gate to the Brown University Bookstore
go from the Horace Mann House to the CVS
go from the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall to the Alumnae Hall
go from the Kassar House to the Soban
go from the Robinson Gate to the Thayer and Meeting
go from the Robinson Hall to the Metcalf Hall
go from the Andrews Hall to the Finlandia
go from the 164 Angel to the Slavery Memorial
go from the Champlin Hall to the John Hay Library
go from the West House to the Brown University Sciences Library
go from the Sayles Hall to the Pembroke Park
go from the Class of 1872 Gate to the Brown University Bookstore
go from the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ to the Blue State Coffee
go from the West House to the Maxcy Green
go from the New Pembroke 1 to the John Nicholas Brown Gate
go from the Sharpe House to the Lincoln Field Building
go from the Swearer Center for Public Service to the 111 Brown Street North House
go from the Class of 1887 Gate to the Sidney Frank Hall
go from the John Hay Library to the Miller Hall
go from the Emery & Wooley to the Blue Room
go from the New Pembroke 2 to the Sayles Hall
go from the Miller Hall to the List Art Building
go from the West House to the Sharpe Refectory
go from the Idee di pietra to the West House
go from the Rockefeller Library to the Granoff Center
go from the Granoff Center to the Starbucks
go from the Hegeman to the Andrews Terrace
go from the CVS to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop
go from the 86 Waterman  to the New Pembroke 1
go from the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity to the Pleasant Surprises
go from the CVS to the War Memorial
go from the Faunce House to the Pembroke Park
go from the Spiritus Fermenti to the Salomon Center for Teaching
go from the Peter Green House to the Prospect House
go from the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity to the College Hill Bookstore
go from the Pleasant Surprises to the Van Wickle Gates
go from the Andreas to the P-131317
go from the Blue State Coffee to the Walter Hall
go from the 164 Angel to the William Goddard Memorial Gate
go from the Hope College to the Thayer and Cushing
go from the Sidney Frank Hall to the Lot 76
go from the 111 Brown Street North House to the Starbucks
go from the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology to the Morriss Hall
go from the Finlandia to the Metcalf Hall
go from the Hegeman to the Smith Buonanno Hall
go from the Lippit House to the New Pembroke 3
go from the Lyman Hall to the Thayer and Cushing
go from the Watson Center for Information Technology to the Emery Hall
go from the Prince Engineering Lab to the Second Time Around
go from the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building to the The Ivy Room
go from the Circle Dance Sculpture to the Pleasant Surprises
go from the Peter Green House to the Lincoln Field Building
go from the Lippit House to the Second Time Around
go from the Slavery Memorial to the Thayer and Meeting
go from the BERT to the Alumnae Hall
go from the Medical Research Lab to the Soban
move to the Facing Thayer but ensure to go to the John Hay Library first .
move to the Friedman Hall but ensure to go to the West House first .
move to the Brown University but ensure to go to the J. R. Workman Garden first .
move to the John Nicholas Brown Gate but ensure to go to the Facing Thayer first .
move to the Prince Engineering Lab but ensure to go to the Biomedical Center first .
move to the Campus Market but ensure to go to the New Pembroke 1 first .
move to the 164 Angel but ensure to go to the Littlefield Hall first .
move to the Gardner House but ensure to go to the New Pembroke 2 first .
move to the Prospect House but ensure to go to the 164 Angel first .
move to the Medical Research Lab but ensure to go to the Pleasant Surprises first .
move to the Smith Buonanno Hall but ensure to go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority first .
move to the Peter Green House but ensure to go to the Lot 76 first .
move to the Horace Mann House but ensure to go to the Smith Buonanno Hall first .
move to the Simmons Quadrangle but ensure to go to the Emery & Wooley first .
move to the Meeting Street Cafe but ensure to go to the Mencoff Hall first .
move to the Thayer and Meeting but ensure to go to the Simmons Quadrangle first .
move to the Sidney Frank Hall but ensure to go to the 67 George first .
move to the Champlin Hall but ensure to go to the Prospect House first .
move to the Lincoln Field Building but ensure to go to the Avon Cinema first .
move to the Littlefield Hall but ensure to go to the Verney-Woolley Hall first .
move to the Morriss Hall but ensure to go to the Maddock Alumni  first .
move to the 219 Bowen but ensure to go to the Norwood House first .
move to the Sidney Frank Hall but ensure to go to the Wilbour Hall first .
move to the Slavery Memorial but ensure to go to the Metcalf Hall first .
move to the New Pembroke 3 but ensure to go to the Casey Shearer Memorial first .
move to the Watson Center for Information Technology but ensure to go to the New Pembroke 3 first .
move to the Facing Thayer but ensure to go to the Horace Mann House first .
move to the University Hall but ensure to go to the Sharpe House first .
move to the CVS but ensure to go to the Sears first .
move to the Granoff Center but ensure to go to the Sears first .
move to the Pembroke Hall but ensure to go to the Caswell Hall first .
move to the Biomedical Center but ensure to go to the Brown University Sciences Library first .
move to the Hughes Court but ensure to go to the Supercuts first .
move to the Watson Center for Information Technology but ensure to go to the Sidney Frank Hall first .
move to the J. R. Workman Garden but ensure to go to the Horace Mann House first .
move to the Shirley Miller House but ensure to go to the CVS first .
move to the Slavery Memorial but ensure to go to the Thayer and Meeting first .
move to the Miller Hall but ensure to go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear first .
move to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop but ensure to go to the 164 Angel first .
move to the J. R. Workman Garden but ensure to go to the Brown Bear first .
move to the Verney-Woolley Hall but ensure to go to the Starbucks first .
move to the Quiet Green but ensure to go to the Second Time Around first .
move to the Campus Market but ensure to go to the Emery & Wooley first .
move to the Hope College but ensure to go to the Peter Green House first .
move to the Wriston Quad but ensure to go to the Pembroke Hall first .
move to the Marston Hall but ensure to go to the New Pembroke 4 first .
move to the Sidney Frank Hall but ensure to go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear first .
move to the Meeting Street Cafe but ensure to go to the Class of 1887 Gate first .
move to the Andreas but ensure to go to the Shirley Miller House first .
move to the Gardner House but ensure to go to the Peter Green House first .
move to the Meeting Street Cafe but ensure to go to the Hope College first .
move to the Salomon Center for Teaching but ensure to go to the Pembroke Hall first .
move to the Supercuts but ensure to go to the Metcalf Research Building first .
move to the Citizen's Bank but ensure to go to the Second Time Around first .
move to the Champlin Hall but ensure to go to the Shirley Miller House first .
move to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology but ensure to go to the Andreas first .
move to the New Pembroke 1 but ensure to go to the Brown University Sciences Library first .
move to the Hillel House but ensure to go to the J.W. Wilson first .
move to the Rockefeller Library but ensure to go to the Salon Persia first .
move to the Verney-Woolley Hall but ensure to go to the Robinson Gate first .
go from Andrews Terrace to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go from Van Wickle Gates to New Pembroke 2 .
go from Watson Center for Information Technology to Pembroke Hall .
go from Pembroke Hall to Friedman Hall .
go from East Side Station Post Office to Lot 17 .
go from Starbucks to Thayer and Meeting .
go from Brown Bear to CVS .
go from John Nicholas Brown Gate to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go from Mencoff Hall to Verney-Woolley Hall .
go from Watson Center for Information Technology to Emery Hall .
go from Circle Dance Sculpture to Emery & Wooley .
go from Salomon Center for Teaching to New Pembroke 3 .
go from Wayland to New Pembroke 4 .
go from BERT to New Pembroke 4 .
go from Salon Persia to Shirley Miller House .
go from West House to Rhode Island Hall .
go from William Goddard Memorial Gate to Pleasant Surprises .
go from Smith Buonanno Hall to Mencoff Hall .
go from New Pembroke 2 to Rockefeller Library .
go from Smith Buonanno Hall to Urban Environmental Lab .
go from Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology to Avon Cinema .
go from Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building to Arnold Laboratory .
go from Citizen's Bank to Soban .
go from Morgan Witter Rogers Gate to New Pembroke 4 .
go from Prospect House to 164 Angel .
go from Smith Buonanno Hall to Casey Shearer Memorial .
go from Alpha Chi Omega Sorority to Emery & Wooley .
go from P-131317 to Second Time Around .
go from Lot 17 to Peter Green House .
go from Alumnae Hall to BERT .
go from Lot 76 to Pembroke Park .
go from Kassar House to Metcalf Hall .
go from Miller Hall to Idee di pietra .
go from Arnold Laboratory to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go from Hughes Court to Alumnae Hall .
go from War Memorial to Sharpe House .
go from Norwood House to West House .
go from Granoff Center to Class of 1887 Gate .
go from 164 Angel to Minden Hall .
go from Morriss Hall to Caswell Hall .
go from Minden Hall to Andrews Terrace .
go from Maxcy Green to Facing Thayer .
go from Soban to 67 George .
go from Morriss Hall to Urban Environmental Lab .
go from Brown Bear to Soban .
go from Meeting Street Cafe to Hegeman .
go from Kassar House to Avon Cinema .
go from New Pembroke 1 to Simmons Quadrangle .
go from Andrews Terrace to Swearer Center for Public Service .
go from Thayer and Cushing to Shirley Miller House .
go from Second Time Around to Horace Mann House .
go from East Side Station Post Office to Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to the Barus Building , then go to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to the Thayer and Meeting , then go to the University Hall .
go to the Arnold Laboratory , then go to the Andrews Terrace .
go to the Salon Persia , then go to the Class of 1872 Gate .
go to the Pembroke Park , then go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to the Maxcy Green , then go to the Avon Cinema .
go to the John Hay Library , then go to the Andreas .
go to the War Memorial , then go to the Biomedical Center .
go to the Simmons Quadrangle , then go to the Thayer and Cushing .
go to the Meeting Street Cafe , then go to the Lyman Hall .
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching , then go to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to the BERT , then go to the CVS .
go to the Marston Hall , then go to the Spiritus Fermenti .
go to the 219 Bowen , then go to the Lippit House .
go to the Slater Hall , then go to the College Hill Bookstore .
go to the Peter Green House , then go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to the J. R. Workman Garden , then go to the Minden Hall .
go to the Pembroke Hall , then go to the Lot 76 .
go to the Idee di pietra , then go to the New Pembroke 2 .
go to the Class of 1887 Gate , then go to the Andreas .
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority , then go to the Andrews Hall .
go to the Prospect House , then go to the West House .
go to the Supercuts , then go to the Prospect House .
go to the Hope College , then go to the Peter Green House .
go to the BERT , then go to the Andrews Hall .
go to the Peter Green House , then go to the J.W. Wilson .
go to the Faunce House , then go to the Biomedical Center .
go to the 111 Brown Street North House , then go to the Maxcy Green .
go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology , then go to the New Pembroke 4 .
go to the Citizen's Bank , then go to the Pembroke Park .
go to the Sharpe House , then go to the Hope College .
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall , then go to the Emery Hall .
go to the 164 Angel , then go to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Granoff Center , then go to the Robinson Gate .
go to the Campus Market , then go to the West House .
go to the Van Wickle Gates , then go to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to the List Art Building , then go to the New Pembroke 3 .
go to the J. R. Workman Garden , then go to the Medical Research Lab .
go to the Thayer and Meeting , then go to the Kassar House .
go to the Sharpe House , then go to the Class of 1887 Gate .
go to the Supercuts , then go to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to the Robinson Gate , then go to the Pembroke Park .
go to the New Pembroke 3 , then go to the Manning .
go to the CVS , then go to the Wayland .
go to the Slater Hall , then go to the 219 Bowen .
go to the Urban Environmental Lab , then go to the New Pembroke 4 .
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop , then go to the Champlin Hall .
go to the Carrie Tower , then go to the Spiritus Fermenti .
go to the Rockefeller Library , then go to the Thayer and Cushing .
go to the Mencoff Hall , then go to the New Pembroke 4 .
go to the Facing Thayer , then go to the Minden Hall .
go to the Sharpe Refectory , then go to the Avon Cinema .
go to the 111 Brown Street North House , then go to the John Hay Library .
go to the Robinson Hall , then go to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to the Barus Building , then go to the Pembroke Park .
go to the Horace Mann House , then go to the Supercuts .
go to the Peter Green House , then go to the Brown University .
go to the CVS , then go to the John Carter Brown Library .
go from the Caswell Hall to the Champlin Hall .
go from the Morriss Hall to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
go from the Friedman Hall to the New Pembroke 4 .
go from the Soban to the Wriston Quad .
go from the Saint Stephens Church to the New Pembroke 2 .
go from the Norwood House to the Berk's;Shanghai .
go from the CVS to the Class of 1872 Gate .
go from the Sharpe Refectory to the Alumnae Hall .
go from the Metcalf Hall to the 86 Waterman  .
go from the Blue Room to the New Pembroke 4 .
go from the Maddock Alumni  to the Thayer and Cushing .
go from the Simmons Quadrangle to the Avon Cinema .
go from the University Hall to the East Side Station Post Office .
go from the New Pembroke 4 to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go from the Citizen's Bank to the New Pembroke 4 .
go from the Thayer and Meeting to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go from the Wilbour Hall to the East Side Station Post Office .
go from the Pleasant Surprises to the Maxcy Hall .
go from the Sidney Frank Hall to the Van Wickle Gates .
go from the CVS to the Walter Hall .
go from the Biomedical Center to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go from the 219 Bowen to the College Green .
go from the Alumnae Hall to the Idee di pietra .
go from the J.W. Wilson to the Metcalf Hall .
go from the Avon Cinema to the Walter Hall .
go from the Saint Stephens Church to the New Pembroke 2 .
go from the New Pembroke 1 to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go from the Metcalf Hall to the Caswell Hall .
go from the Carrie Tower to the Sharpe House .
go from the Starbucks to the Blue State Coffee .
go from the Sidney Frank Hall to the Idee di pietra .
go from the CVS to the Shirley Miller House .
go from the Casey Shearer Memorial to the 111 Brown Street North House .
go from the Lippit House to the Soban .
go from the Lot 18 to the Spiritus Fermenti .
go from the Brown University Bookstore to the 86 Waterman  .
go from the Campus Market to the Salon Persia .
go from the Supercuts to the Quiet Green .
go from the The Ivy Room to the Andrews Hall .
go from the New Pembroke 2 to the Simmons Quadrangle .
go from the Wilbour Hall to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
go from the P-131317 to the Pembroke Park .
go from the Spiritus Fermenti to the John Carter Brown Library .
go from the Kassar House to the Salon Persia .
go from the Pembroke Hall to the Campus Market .
go from the Verney-Woolley Hall to the The Ivy Room .
go from the Prospect House to the Facing Thayer .
go from the List Art Building to the New Pembroke 2 .
go from the New Pembroke 3 to the Brown University .
go from the Thayer and Meeting to the Campus Market .
go from the List Art Building to the West House .
go to the Supercuts , then go to the Lot 18
go to the List Art Building , then go to the Meeting Street Cafe
go to the Maxcy Green , then go to the Thayer and Meeting
go to the Minden Hall , then go to the Sharpe House
go to the Emery Hall , then go to the Swearer Center for Public Service
go to the Prospect House , then go to the Sharpe House
go to the Shirley Miller House , then go to the Supercuts
go to the 111 Brown Street North House , then go to the Marston Hall
go to the Andrews Hall , then go to the Saint Stephens Church
go to the Smith Buonanno Hall , then go to the Horace Mann House
go to the Lot 18 , then go to the New Pembroke 2
go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate , then go to the Pembroke Hall
go to the College Hill Bookstore , then go to the Simmons Quadrangle
go to the Citizen's Bank , then go to the West House
go to the 111 Brown Street North House , then go to the Quiet Green
go to the Granoff Center , then go to the Wayland
go to the Class of 1887 Gate , then go to the Granoff Center
go to the Andrews Terrace , then go to the Caswell Hall
go to the Lincoln Field Building , then go to the Facing Thayer
go to the Smith Buonanno Hall , then go to the Brown University Sciences Library
go to the 164 Angel , then go to the Saint Stephens Church
go to the Thayer and Meeting , then go to the Robinson Gate
go to the Friedman Hall , then go to the Soban
go to the John Carter Brown Library , then go to the Emery Hall
go to the Andrews Hall , then go to the Robinson Gate
go to the Metcalf Hall , then go to the Brown University Sciences Library
go to the Morriss Hall , then go to the Sears
go to the 111 Brown Street North House , then go to the Slater Hall
go to the Norwood House , then go to the West House
go to the Wilbour Hall , then go to the Thayer and Meeting
go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences , then go to the Brown University Bookstore
go to the Slavery Memorial , then go to the Pembroke Park
go to the Robinson Gate , then go to the Andrews Terrace
go to the J. R. Workman Garden , then go to the Faunce House
go to the New Pembroke 4 , then go to the Watson Center for Information Technology
go to the Simmons Quadrangle , then go to the Sharpe House
go to the Littlefield Hall , then go to the CVS
go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear , then go to the Pembroke Park
go to the Granoff Center , then go to the Maxcy Green
go to the 219 Bowen , then go to the Littlefield Hall
go to the BERT , then go to the Emery & Wooley
go to the Peter Green House , then go to the Wriston Quad
go to the Salon Persia , then go to the Simmons Quadrangle
go to the Lot 18 , then go to the Blue State Coffee
go to the Pembroke Hall , then go to the University Hall
go to the Morriss Hall , then go to the Barus Building
go to the Smith Buonanno Hall , then go to the Lot 18
go to the Pembroke Hall , then go to the Brown Bear
go to the New Pembroke 4 , then go to the Hope College
go to the Sharpe House , then go to the Maxcy Green
go to the Andreas , then go to the Lippit House
go to the Lot 76 , then go to the Hillel House
go to the College Hill Bookstore , then go to the War Memorial
go from the Lippit House to the West House
go from the Morriss Hall to the Wriston Quad
go from the Robinson Gate to the Alumnae Hall
go from the Minden Hall to the East Side Station Post Office
go from the Blue State Coffee to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop
go from the Brown University Bookstore to the List Art Building
go from the Simmons Quadrangle to the Sidney Frank Hall
go from the Saint Stephens Church to the Sidney Frank Hall
go from the Swearer Center for Public Service to the Soban
go from the John Hay Library to the CVS
go from the Sharpe Refectory to the New Pembroke 2
go from the Sidney Frank Hall to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ
go from the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority to the Supercuts
go from the Facing Thayer to the Brown University Sciences Library
go from the Friedman Hall to the 164 Angel
go from the 219 Bowen to the Wilbour Hall
go from the John Carter Brown Library to the Peter Green House
go from the Smith Buonanno Hall to the 86 Waterman 
go from the Emery & Wooley to the Littlefield Hall
go from the Brown University Bookstore to the College Green
go from the East Side Station Post Office to the Saint Stephens Church
go from the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall to the Alumnae Hall
go from the Sidney Frank Hall to the John Nicholas Brown Gate
go from the College Hill Bookstore to the Wriston Quad
go from the New Pembroke 3 to the Lot 18
go from the Shirley Miller House to the Andrews Terrace
go from the Champlin Hall to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate
go from the 164 Angel to the Watson Center for Information Technology
go from the Lot 76 to the Thayer and Meeting
go from the Soban to the Maxcy Hall
go from the Andrews Hall to the Brown Center for Students of Color
go from the Avon Cinema to the Soldiers Memorial Gate
go from the Supercuts to the Wilbour Hall
go from the New Pembroke 1 to the Maxcy Hall
go from the Smith Buonanno Hall to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology
go from the Thayer and Meeting to the Soldiers Memorial Gate
go from the Walter Hall to the Smith Buonanno Hall
go from the Shirley Miller House to the Sidney Frank Hall
go from the New Pembroke 4 to the University Hall
go from the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop to the Andrews Terrace
go from the East Side Station Post Office to the Horace Mann House
go from the Andrews Terrace to the Hegeman
go from the Pleasant Surprises to the Prince Engineering Lab
go from the J. R. Workman Garden to the Littlefield Hall
go from the Blue State Coffee to the Wilbour Hall
go from the John Nicholas Brown Gate to the New Pembroke 2
go from the Brown Bear to the Blue State Coffee
go from the Urban Environmental Lab to the Thayer and Meeting
go from the Metcalf Hall to the The Ivy Room
go from the New Pembroke 4 to the Mencoff Hall
go from the Blue State Coffee to the Sayles Hall
go from the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building to the Class of 1872 Gate
go from the Brown Bear to the CVS
go from the Thayer and Cushing to the Arnold Laboratory
go from the Thayer and Cushing to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop
go from the Manning to the New Pembroke 3
go from the Sidney Frank Hall to the Gardner House
go from the Thayer and Cushing to the Metcalf Research Building
go from the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority to the Miller Hall
go to the 219 Bowen through the Barus Building .
go to the Mencoff Hall through the Andreas .
go to the East Side Station Post Office through the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to the 86 Waterman  through the Emery & Wooley .
go to the Wayland through the Metcalf Hall .
go to the Andrews Hall through the John Hay Library .
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop through the West House .
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ through the Pembroke Hall .
go to the Carrie Tower through the Andrews Terrace .
go to the New Pembroke 1 through the Wilbour Hall .
go to the Soban through the Prospect House .
go to the Champlin Hall through the Class of 1872 Gate .
go to the East Side Station Post Office through the John Hay Library .
go to the Metcalf Research Building through the Peter Green House .
go to the Maxcy Hall through the Avon Cinema .
go to the Miller Hall through the Slavery Memorial .
go to the Andreas through the Metcalf Research Building .
go to the New Pembroke 1 through the Hope College .
go to the Brown Bear through the Emery & Wooley .
go to the Supercuts through the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the The Ivy Room through the New Pembroke 2 .
go to the Casey Shearer Memorial through the Pembroke Park .
go to the Blue Room through the 111 Brown Street North House .
go to the 164 Angel through the Metcalf Research Building .
go to the Thayer and Cushing through the List Art Building .
go to the Champlin Hall through the Class of 1872 Gate .
go to the Maddock Alumni  through the Avon Cinema .
go to the Faunce House through the 219 Bowen .
go to the New Pembroke 2 through the Rhode Island Hall .
go to the Thayer and Cushing through the War Memorial .
go to the Lot 18 through the College Hill Bookstore .
go to the Prospect House through the Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to the Emery & Wooley through the List Art Building .
go to the Medical Research Lab through the Facing Thayer .
go to the Swearer Center for Public Service through the New Pembroke 4 .
go to the Manning through the Sharpe House .
go to the Soban through the Slater Hall .
go to the Thayer and Cushing through the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to the Medical Research Lab through the Thayer and Cushing .
go to the John Carter Brown Library through the Alumnae Hall .
go to the Metcalf Research Building through the Meeting Street Cafe .
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop through the Champlin Hall .
go to the Marcus Aurelius through the Pembroke Park .
go to the Miller Hall through the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to the Sears through the Pleasant Surprises .
go to the Berk's;Shanghai through the Caswell Hall .
go to the New Pembroke 4 through the Metcalf Research Building .
go to the Gardner House through the Thayer and Meeting .
go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building through the Lincoln Field Building .
go to the New Pembroke 4 through the BERT .
go to the Van Wickle Gates through the Biomedical Center .
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop through the Supercuts .
go to the Brown Bear through the Blue State Coffee .
go to the Saint Stephens Church and then go to the Second Time Around .
go to the 111 Brown Street North House and then go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching and then go to the Supercuts .
go to the Pembroke Hall and then go to the Lippit House .
go to the New Pembroke 1 and then go to the Friedman Hall .
go to the Emery & Wooley and then go to the Idee di pietra .
go to the J. R. Workman Garden and then go to the 67 George .
go to the West House and then go to the List Art Building .
go to the College Green and then go to the Metcalf Hall .
go to the Caswell Hall and then go to the Metcalf Hall .
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall and then go to the Blue State Coffee .
go to the Slater Hall and then go to the New Pembroke 2 .
go to the Sharpe House and then go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to the Arnold Laboratory and then go to the West House .
go to the Miller Hall and then go to the Marcus Aurelius .
go to the Campus Market and then go to the New Pembroke 2 .
go to the Campus Market and then go to the Soban .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall and then go to the John Hay Library .
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ and then go to the Granoff Center .
go to the Andrews Terrace and then go to the Hughes Court .
go to the Emery & Wooley and then go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to the Pleasant Surprises and then go to the Maxcy Green .
go to the Emery & Wooley and then go to the Hope College .
go to the Caswell Hall and then go to the Brown University Bookstore .
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ and then go to the Thayer and Meeting .
go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate and then go to the Soban .
go to the Norwood House and then go to the Miller Hall .
go to the Manning and then go to the Blue State Coffee .
go to the Second Time Around and then go to the College Green .
go to the Hillel House and then go to the Carrie Tower .
go to the Smith Buonanno Hall and then go to the Slater Hall .
go to the Biomedical Center and then go to the Robinson Gate .
go to the New Pembroke 2 and then go to the Maxcy Hall .
go to the New Pembroke 4 and then go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to the War Memorial and then go to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the College Green and then go to the Andrews Hall .
go to the John Hay Library and then go to the Meeting Street Cafe .
go to the College Hill Bookstore and then go to the Mencoff Hall .
go to the Spiritus Fermenti and then go to the Hegeman .
go to the New Pembroke 1 and then go to the Lot 18 .
go to the Second Time Around and then go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to the John Carter Brown Library and then go to the West House .
go to the Sharpe Refectory and then go to the Pembroke Hall .
go to the Miller Hall and then go to the Saint Stephens Church .
go to the Salon Persia and then go to the Hegeman .
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall and then go to the Lot 18 .
go to the The Ivy Room and then go to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to the Brown Bear and then go to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to the Lot 17 and then go to the Andrews Terrace .
go to the Andreas and then go to the 67 George .
go to the Meeting Street Cafe and then go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to the Berk's;Shanghai and then go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to the Berk's;Shanghai and then go to the Slater Hall .
go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building and then go to the P-131317 .
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop and then go to the Avon Cinema .
go to the Pleasant Surprises , then go to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Smith Buonanno Hall , then go to the Starbucks .
go to the University Hall , then go to the Morriss Hall .
go to the New Pembroke 2 , then go to the Maddock Alumni  .
go to the Emery Hall , then go to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to the Sharpe Refectory , then go to the Biomedical Center .
go to the 111 Brown Street North House , then go to the 67 George .
go to the Van Wickle Gates , then go to the Soban .
go to the Brown University Sciences Library , then go to the 164 Angel .
go to the Hughes Court , then go to the Peter Green House .
go to the Caswell Hall , then go to the Pleasant Surprises .
go to the Norwood House , then go to the Thayer and Meeting .
go to the Thayer and Meeting , then go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to the Pembroke Park , then go to the Prince Engineering Lab .
go to the Alumnae Hall , then go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to the Lot 18 , then go to the New Pembroke 2 .
go to the BERT , then go to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear , then go to the 111 Brown Street North House .
go to the Prospect House , then go to the Supercuts .
go to the 86 Waterman  , then go to the Peter Green House .
go to the Salon Persia , then go to the Prince Engineering Lab .
go to the Thayer and Cushing , then go to the Campus Market .
go to the Kassar House , then go to the Meeting Street Cafe .
go to the Blue State Coffee , then go to the Starbucks .
go to the Andrews Terrace , then go to the Wayland .
go to the College Hill Bookstore , then go to the P-131317 .
go to the Pleasant Surprises , then go to the Shirley Miller House .
go to the Carrie Tower , then go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to the College Hill Bookstore , then go to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to the Class of 1872 Gate , then go to the Miller Hall .
go to the Miller Hall , then go to the Prince Engineering Lab .
go to the Brown University , then go to the Alumnae Hall .
go to the P-131317 , then go to the Emery & Wooley .
go to the Granoff Center , then go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to the Biomedical Center , then go to the Carrie Tower .
go to the Marcus Aurelius , then go to the Thayer and Cushing .
go to the Medical Research Lab , then go to the Supercuts .
go to the Pembroke Hall , then go to the Sharpe Refectory .
go to the Facing Thayer , then go to the Urban Environmental Lab .
go to the Lincoln Field Building , then go to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to the Hillel House , then go to the P-131317 .
go to the Brown Bear , then go to the New Pembroke 3 .
go to the Rockefeller Library , then go to the West House .
go to the Robinson Hall , then go to the Brown University Bookstore .
go to the P-131317 , then go to the Blue State Coffee .
go to the Brown University , then go to the Pembroke Park .
go to the Hillel House , then go to the John Hay Library .
go to the Avon Cinema , then go to the Maddock Alumni  .
go to the Emery & Wooley , then go to the Metcalf Research Building .
go to the Biomedical Center , then go to the Caswell Hall .
go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology , then go to the Morriss Hall .
go to the 219 Bowen , then go to the Friedman Hall .
go to the Wilbour Hall , then go to the Morriss Hall .
go to the New Pembroke 3 , then go to the Prospect House .
go to the Brown Bear , then go to the 164 Angel .
go to the University Hall , then go to the Brown University Bookstore .
navigate to the Peter Green House by passing through the List Art Building .
navigate to the Granoff Center by passing through the Van Wickle Gates .
navigate to the Biomedical Center by passing through the College Green .
navigate to the Andreas by passing through the Lyman Hall .
navigate to the 111 Brown Street North House by passing through the Norwood House .
navigate to the New Pembroke 1 by passing through the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
navigate to the J. R. Workman Garden by passing through the List Art Building .
navigate to the Sidney Frank Hall by passing through the Faunce House .
navigate to the Meeting Street Cafe by passing through the Hughes Court .
navigate to the CVS by passing through the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
navigate to the Smith Buonanno Hall by passing through the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
navigate to the Casey Shearer Memorial by passing through the Sidney Frank Hall .
navigate to the New Pembroke 2 by passing through the Lyman Hall .
navigate to the Urban Environmental Lab by passing through the College Hill Bookstore .
navigate to the Watson Center for Information Technology by passing through the Granoff Center .
navigate to the Andrews Terrace by passing through the Class of 1872 Gate .
navigate to the Avon Cinema by passing through the Gardner House .
navigate to the Salon Persia by passing through the Metcalf Research Building .
navigate to the Lincoln Field Building by passing through the Andrews Terrace .
navigate to the University Hall by passing through the J. R. Workman Garden .
navigate to the Simmons Quadrangle by passing through the J. R. Workman Garden .
navigate to the Morriss Hall by passing through the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
navigate to the Blue State Coffee by passing through the Class of 1872 Gate .
navigate to the John Nicholas Brown Gate by passing through the Emery & Wooley .
navigate to the Brown University Bookstore by passing through the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
navigate to the Faunce House by passing through the College Hill Bookstore .
navigate to the Rhode Island Hall by passing through the Second Time Around .
navigate to the Caswell Hall by passing through the Meeting Street Cafe .
navigate to the Friedman Hall by passing through the New Pembroke 1 .
navigate to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop by passing through the 164 Angel .
navigate to the Maxcy Hall by passing through the 164 Angel .
navigate to the New Pembroke 4 by passing through the Casey Shearer Memorial .
navigate to the Blue State Coffee by passing through the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
navigate to the Peter Green House by passing through the Campus Market .
navigate to the Hillel House by passing through the Sayles Hall .
navigate to the Thayer and Cushing by passing through the Lot 17 .
navigate to the Sharpe House by passing through the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
navigate to the Prospect House by passing through the Facing Thayer .
navigate to the Sayles Hall by passing through the Andreas .
navigate to the Smith Buonanno Hall by passing through the Brown Center for Students of Color .
navigate to the Prince Engineering Lab by passing through the Salon Persia .
navigate to the Alumnae Hall by passing through the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
navigate to the Mencoff Hall by passing through the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
navigate to the Rhode Island Hall by passing through the Brown University Bookstore .
navigate to the Prince Engineering Lab by passing through the Verney-Woolley Hall .
navigate to the Slater Hall by passing through the Smith Buonanno Hall .
navigate to the 219 Bowen by passing through the War Memorial .
navigate to the Pleasant Surprises by passing through the Van Wickle Gates .
navigate to the Urban Environmental Lab by passing through the 111 Brown Street North House .
navigate to the Supercuts by passing through the Brown Bear .
navigate to the Lot 17 by passing through the New Pembroke 1 .
navigate to the Slater Hall by passing through the Sharpe House .
navigate to the Sears by passing through the Miller Hall .
navigate to the Peter Green House by passing through the Maxcy Hall .
navigate to the Prospect House by passing through the Thayer and Cushing .
navigate to the Thayer and Meeting by passing through the Slavery Memorial .
navigate from the Sidney Frank Hall to the Saint Stephens Church .
navigate from the Littlefield Hall to the Pleasant Surprises .
navigate from the Hope College to the Andreas .
navigate from the Kassar House to the Brown University Bookstore .
navigate from the Spiritus Fermenti to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
navigate from the Gardner House to the Spiritus Fermenti .
navigate from the Sharpe House to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
navigate from the Andrews Terrace to the Norwood House .
navigate from the Rhode Island Hall to the Meeting Street Cafe .
navigate from the Maxcy Hall to the Pembroke Park .
navigate from the Pembroke Hall to the Arnold Laboratory .
navigate from the Pembroke Hall to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
navigate from the West House to the Manning .
navigate from the Sharpe House to the Mencoff Hall .
navigate from the William Goddard Memorial Gate to the Alumnae Hall .
navigate from the Meeting Street Cafe to the Idee di pietra .
navigate from the Finlandia to the Berk's;Shanghai .
navigate from the Hegeman to the East Side Station Post Office .
navigate from the Salon Persia to the Prospect House .
navigate from the Robinson Gate to the East Side Station Post Office .
navigate from the Quiet Green to the 219 Bowen .
navigate from the Horace Mann House to the Soban .
navigate from the Lippit House to the Granoff Center .
navigate from the College Green to the Pembroke Park .
navigate from the Horace Mann House to the 164 Angel .
navigate from the John Carter Brown Library to the Morriss Hall .
navigate from the Wilbour Hall to the Salon Persia .
navigate from the Soldiers Memorial Gate to the Hillel House .
navigate from the Morriss Hall to the Sharpe Refectory .
navigate from the Carrie Tower to the West House .
navigate from the Hope College to the 111 Brown Street North House .
navigate from the Wayland to the Thayer and Cushing .
navigate from the Second Time Around to the Shirley Miller House .
navigate from the Friedman Hall to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
navigate from the Simmons Quadrangle to the East Side Station Post Office .
navigate from the Wilbour Hall to the Avon Cinema .
navigate from the Alumnae Hall to the War Memorial .
navigate from the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
navigate from the Pembroke Hall to the Class of 1887 Gate .
navigate from the Pleasant Surprises to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
navigate from the Pembroke Park to the Maxcy Hall .
navigate from the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop to the Emery & Wooley .
navigate from the Morriss Hall to the Arnold Laboratory .
navigate from the Miller Hall to the Sharpe Refectory .
navigate from the John Nicholas Brown Gate to the CVS .
navigate from the Blue State Coffee to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
navigate from the Verney-Woolley Hall to the Finlandia .
navigate from the Faunce House to the J. R. Workman Garden .
navigate from the Champlin Hall to the Class of 1887 Gate .
navigate from the Supercuts to the Lot 17 .
navigate from the J. R. Workman Garden to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
navigate from the Hope College to the East Side Station Post Office .
navigate from the Metcalf Hall to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
navigate from the Manning to the J. R. Workman Garden .
navigate from the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology to the 219 Bowen .
navigate from the Watson Center for Information Technology to the Metcalf Hall .
navigate from the Hillel House to the Maxcy Hall .
head to the Minden Hall but first go to the J. R. Workman Garden .
head to the Thayer and Cushing but first go to the John Hay Library .
head to the Idee di pietra but first go to the Miller Hall .
head to the Miller Hall but first go to the Lot 18 .
head to the Blue Room but first go to the J. R. Workman Garden .
head to the Walter Hall but first go to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
head to the Friedman Hall but first go to the Facing Thayer .
head to the Sidney Frank Hall but first go to the Robinson Gate .
head to the Champlin Hall but first go to the College Green .
head to the New Pembroke 3 but first go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
head to the Avon Cinema but first go to the Sayles Hall .
head to the Salon Persia but first go to the Horace Mann House .
head to the Swearer Center for Public Service but first go to the Sharpe House .
head to the Lippit House but first go to the J. R. Workman Garden .
head to the Carrie Tower but first go to the Thayer and Meeting .
head to the New Pembroke 1 but first go to the BERT .
head to the Thayer and Meeting but first go to the Medical Research Lab .
head to the Peter Green House but first go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
head to the East Side Station Post Office but first go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
head to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall but first go to the CVS .
head to the Walter Hall but first go to the J. R. Workman Garden .
head to the Marston Hall but first go to the Sharpe House .
head to the Lippit House but first go to the Berk's;Shanghai .
head to the Andreas but first go to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
head to the Andrews Hall but first go to the Manning .
head to the College Hill Bookstore but first go to the Walter Hall .
head to the War Memorial but first go to the New Pembroke 3 .
head to the Blue State Coffee but first go to the Horace Mann House .
head to the Quiet Green but first go to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
head to the Brown University Bookstore but first go to the Mencoff Hall .
head to the 111 Brown Street North House but first go to the Class of 1887 Gate .
head to the Prince Engineering Lab but first go to the Thayer and Cushing .
head to the John Carter Brown Library but first go to the Second Time Around .
head to the Salon Persia but first go to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
head to the John Carter Brown Library but first go to the West House .
head to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ but first go to the Spiritus Fermenti .
head to the Champlin Hall but first go to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
head to the Prospect House but first go to the Supercuts .
head to the Robinson Hall but first go to the Peter Green House .
head to the Sidney Frank Hall but first go to the Gardner House .
head to the 67 George but first go to the Supercuts .
head to the New Pembroke 3 but first go to the Walter Hall .
head to the Wilbour Hall but first go to the Sidney Frank Hall .
head to the BERT but first go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
head to the Norwood House but first go to the Granoff Center .
head to the Simmons Quadrangle but first go to the Andrews Terrace .
head to the Miller Hall but first go to the 86 Waterman  .
head to the East Side Station Post Office but first go to the Robinson Hall .
head to the Citizen's Bank but first go to the West House .
head to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences but first go to the Soban .
head to the Thayer and Meeting but first go to the John Carter Brown Library .
head to the Verney-Woolley Hall but first go to the Marston Hall .
head to the Simmons Quadrangle but first go to the New Pembroke 4 .
head to the Van Wickle Gates but first go to the J. R. Workman Garden .
head to the Norwood House but first go to the Metcalf Hall .
head to the Robinson Hall but first go to the Sharpe House .
head to the Hillel House but first go to the Marcus Aurelius .
head to the New Pembroke 2 but first go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to the West House through the Circle Dance Sculpture
go to the Hegeman through the Hillel House
go to the Van Wickle Gates through the 219 Bowen
go to the Starbucks through the Sidney Frank Hall
go to the CVS through the Brown Bear
go to the Granoff Center through the Van Wickle Gates
go to the Brown University Sciences Library through the East Side Station Post Office
go to the Alumnae Hall through the Brown University
go to the Champlin Hall through the BERT
go to the The Ivy Room through the Meeting Street Cafe
go to the Sidney Frank Hall through the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall
go to the Sharpe House through the Brown University
go to the The Ivy Room through the Blue State Coffee
go to the West House through the Brown Bear
go to the Morriss Hall through the Citizen's Bank
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall through the Prince Engineering Lab
go to the New Pembroke 4 through the Swearer Center for Public Service
go to the New Pembroke 3 through the William Goddard Memorial Gate
go to the Prince Engineering Lab through the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building
go to the Class of 1872 Gate through the Sharpe House
go to the Simmons Quadrangle through the Avon Cinema
go to the War Memorial through the West House
go to the CVS through the Salomon Center for Teaching
go to the Maxcy Hall through the Granoff Center
go to the Facing Thayer through the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences
go to the Avon Cinema through the Brown University Sciences Library
go to the Second Time Around through the Finlandia
go to the Sidney Frank Hall through the Manning
go to the New Pembroke 2 through the Hope College
go to the Miller Hall through the Wriston Quad
go to the Brown Bear through the Soban
go to the War Memorial through the Smith Buonanno Hall
go to the 164 Angel through the Maxcy Hall
go to the Andrews Hall through the Metcalf Research Building
go to the Robinson Gate through the Pleasant Surprises
go to the Andreas through the Lyman Hall
go to the Brown University Bookstore through the Salomon Center for Teaching
go to the Sayles Hall through the Biomedical Center
go to the Meeting Street Cafe through the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ
go to the Miller Hall through the Norwood House
go to the Arnold Laboratory through the Thayer and Meeting
go to the Pleasant Surprises through the Class of 1872 Gate
go to the Spiritus Fermenti through the Quiet Green
go to the Littlefield Hall through the Emery & Wooley
go to the Andrews Hall through the Rhode Island Hall
go to the Alumnae Hall through the Arnold Laboratory
go to the Lot 76 through the Pleasant Surprises
go to the Emery & Wooley through the Robinson Gate
go to the Sharpe House through the Kassar House
go to the Second Time Around through the List Art Building
go to the College Hill Bookstore through the List Art Building
go to the Meeting Street Cafe through the Circle Dance Sculpture
go to the Smith Buonanno Hall through the College Green
go to the Alumnae Hall through the Hegeman
go to the Emery & Wooley then go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity then go to the Supercuts
go to the Lot 18 then go to the Supercuts
go to the Sidney Frank Hall then go to the Brown University Sciences Library
go to the New Pembroke 4 then go to the Slater Hall
go to the West House then go to the Finlandia
go to the New Pembroke 1 then go to the Prince Engineering Lab
go to the Alumnae Hall then go to the Watson Center for Information Technology
go to the Andrews Hall then go to the Lippit House
go to the Morriss Hall then go to the Circle Dance Sculpture
go to the 86 Waterman  then go to the West House
go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences then go to the New Pembroke 3
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall then go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop
go to the Avon Cinema then go to the Salomon Center for Teaching
go to the Simmons Quadrangle then go to the Avon Cinema
go to the Supercuts then go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority
go to the Maddock Alumni  then go to the Andreas
go to the Carrie Tower then go to the Pembroke Hall
go to the CVS then go to the Rhode Island Hall
go to the Lippit House then go to the Andrews Hall
go to the College Green then go to the Champlin Hall
go to the Starbucks then go to the Sharpe House
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching then go to the East Side Station Post Office
go to the Class of 1872 Gate then go to the Andrews Terrace
go to the Brown University Bookstore then go to the Casey Shearer Memorial
go to the Robinson Hall then go to the Second Time Around
go to the New Pembroke 4 then go to the College Green
go to the Lot 17 then go to the Granoff Center
go to the East Side Station Post Office then go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear
go to the West House then go to the Blue Room
go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate then go to the Miller Hall
go to the Urban Environmental Lab then go to the New Pembroke 4
go to the West House then go to the Brown Center for Students of Color
go to the Swearer Center for Public Service then go to the Pembroke Park
go to the Morriss Hall then go to the Lot 18
go to the Soban then go to the Campus Market
go to the College Hill Bookstore then go to the John Carter Brown Library
go to the Van Wickle Gates then go to the Sidney Frank Hall
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall then go to the Brown Bear
go to the Emery Hall then go to the Prospect House
go to the Maddock Alumni  then go to the Facing Thayer
go to the Blue State Coffee then go to the Gardner House
go to the Sidney Frank Hall then go to the Circle Dance Sculpture
go to the Quiet Green then go to the Peter Green House
go to the John Carter Brown Library then go to the Pembroke Park
go to the Avon Cinema then go to the Slater Hall
go to the Rhode Island Hall then go to the Pembroke Park
go to the 219 Bowen then go to the Maddock Alumni 
go to the Second Time Around then go to the Starbucks
go to the New Pembroke 3 then go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop
go to the Brown Bear then go to the Metcalf Hall
go to the Thayer and Cushing then go to the Brown Center for Students of Color
go to the Sears then go to the Andreas
go from the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate to the Emery & Wooley
go from the Blue Room to the West House
go from the Prospect House to the Sidney Frank Hall
go from the Berk's;Shanghai to the Campus Market
go from the Biomedical Center to the Casey Shearer Memorial
go from the Spiritus Fermenti to the Sharpe Refectory
go from the Andreas to the Lot 18
go from the Facing Thayer to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate
go from the Facing Thayer to the Soldiers Memorial Gate
go from the Andreas to the Brown University
go from the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ to the Pembroke Park
go from the Maxcy Green to the 219 Bowen
go from the East Side Station Post Office to the Norwood House
go from the Casey Shearer Memorial to the Pembroke Hall
go from the Lyman Hall to the 111 Brown Street North House
go from the University Hall to the Soban
go from the Brown University Bookstore to the Lippit House
go from the Pembroke Park to the College Green
go from the Metcalf Hall to the Kassar House
go from the Sayles Hall to the New Pembroke 1
go from the Thayer and Cushing to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences
go from the Hughes Court to the Supercuts
go from the Van Wickle Gates to the Brown University Bookstore
go from the Emery & Wooley to the Wayland
go from the Alumnae Hall to the College Green
go from the Spiritus Fermenti to the Lot 76
go from the Second Time Around to the Lippit House
go from the Wayland to the Emery & Wooley
go from the Wayland to the Sidney Frank Hall
go from the Hughes Court to the Metcalf Hall
go from the Walter Hall to the Biomedical Center
go from the Biomedical Center to the Lyman Hall
go from the Verney-Woolley Hall to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ
go from the Biomedical Center to the Wayland
go from the Friedman Hall to the CVS
go from the Andreas to the Manning
go from the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall to the Hillel House
go from the Lippit House to the Miller Hall
go from the War Memorial to the Spiritus Fermenti
go from the Facing Thayer to the Horace Mann House
go from the Campus Market to the Emery Hall
go from the Sidney Frank Hall to the Brown University
go from the Granoff Center to the Carrie Tower
go from the Emery Hall to the BERT
go from the Emery & Wooley to the P-131317
go from the University Hall to the 164 Angel
go from the Peter Green House to the Wriston Quad
go from the Brown University to the Alumnae Hall
go from the Saint Stephens Church to the Alumnae Hall
go from the Idee di pietra to the Sidney Frank Hall
go to the Mencoff Hall through the Spiritus Fermenti
go to the Friedman Hall through the Blue State Coffee
go to the Sidney Frank Hall through the Marston Hall
go to the Lippit House through the College Hill Bookstore
go to the Metcalf Hall through the Barus Building
go to the Brown Bear through the Blue State Coffee
go to the Rockefeller Library through the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building
go to the New Pembroke 2 through the Hope College
go to the John Carter Brown Library through the Biomedical Center
go to the West House through the Wriston Quad
go to the Slater Hall through the West House
go to the Maxcy Green through the Morriss Hall
go to the Mencoff Hall through the Pleasant Surprises
go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building through the Lot 17
go to the Miller Hall through the Friedman Hall
go to the J.W. Wilson through the Thayer and Meeting
go to the Urban Environmental Lab through the Metcalf Hall
go to the Prospect House through the Hillel House
go to the Sayles Hall through the Second Time Around
go to the Berk's;Shanghai through the Gardner House
go to the Thayer and Cushing through the Class of 1887 Gate
go to the Miller Hall through the Sears
go to the Sidney Frank Hall through the 86 Waterman 
go to the Starbucks through the Biomedical Center
go to the BERT through the New Pembroke 1
go to the College Hill Bookstore through the Hope College
go to the Emery & Wooley through the Slavery Memorial
go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology through the Thayer and Meeting
go to the Thayer and Cushing through the Marston Hall
go to the Quiet Green through the Salon Persia
go to the Morriss Hall through the Arnold Laboratory
go to the Maxcy Hall through the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building
go to the Van Wickle Gates through the J. R. Workman Garden
go to the J. R. Workman Garden through the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority
go to the Littlefield Hall through the Thayer and Meeting
go to the Supercuts through the Idee di pietra
go to the New Pembroke 3 through the Untitled Lamp/Bear
go to the Slater Hall through the 111 Brown Street North House
go to the Urban Environmental Lab through the Hillel House
go to the Second Time Around through the Hope College
go to the Pembroke Park through the Campus Market
go to the Sharpe Refectory through the J. R. Workman Garden
go to the Alumnae Hall through the Circle Dance Sculpture
go to the Manning through the Andrews Terrace
go to the Maddock Alumni  through the J. R. Workman Garden
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology through the J. R. Workman Garden
go to the Andreas through the Untitled Lamp/Bear
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop through the Morriss Hall
go to the West House through the Maddock Alumni 
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology through the Metcalf Hall
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall through the Kassar House
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ and then go to the Avon Cinema .
go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate and then go to the Metcalf Hall .
go to the John Hay Library and then go to the Thayer and Meeting .
go to the Hegeman and then go to the Facing Thayer .
go to the West House and then go to the Starbucks .
go to the Marcus Aurelius and then go to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to the Biomedical Center and then go to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to the Brown University Sciences Library and then go to the 164 Angel .
go to the New Pembroke 4 and then go to the Lot 18 .
go to the Berk's;Shanghai and then go to the Slavery Memorial .
go to the Rhode Island Hall and then go to the Peter Green House .
go to the Granoff Center and then go to the Medical Research Lab .
go to the Blue State Coffee and then go to the Campus Market .
go to the CVS and then go to the Walter Hall .
go to the Smith Buonanno Hall and then go to the Manning .
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall and then go to the Prince Engineering Lab .
go to the East Side Station Post Office and then go to the Idee di pietra .
go to the East Side Station Post Office and then go to the Quiet Green .
go to the Thayer and Meeting and then go to the Medical Research Lab .
go to the College Green and then go to the 111 Brown Street North House .
go to the Andrews Hall and then go to the Saint Stephens Church .
go to the Idee di pietra and then go to the Andrews Hall .
go to the Brown University and then go to the New Pembroke 2 .
go to the Pembroke Park and then go to the Simmons Quadrangle .
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall and then go to the Brown Bear .
go to the J. R. Workman Garden and then go to the John Hay Library .
go to the Blue State Coffee and then go to the Medical Research Lab .
go to the Champlin Hall and then go to the College Green .
go to the Hillel House and then go to the Maxcy Hall .
go to the Spiritus Fermenti and then go to the The Ivy Room .
go to the Avon Cinema and then go to the Maxcy Hall .
go to the Barus Building and then go to the Emery Hall .
go to the Andrews Terrace and then go to the Littlefield Hall .
go to the Meeting Street Cafe and then go to the Shirley Miller House .
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ and then go to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop and then go to the Andreas .
go to the Kassar House and then go to the Andrews Terrace .
go to the Brown Bear and then go to the East Side Station Post Office .
go to the Granoff Center and then go to the Lot 18 .
go to the West House and then go to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to the Soban and then go to the Hegeman .
go to the College Hill Bookstore and then go to the Idee di pietra .
go to the West House and then go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to the Slavery Memorial and then go to the 164 Angel .
go to the Emery & Wooley and then go to the Kassar House .
go to the Andreas and then go to the Simmons Quadrangle .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall and then go to the Maxcy Hall .
go to the John Hay Library and then go to the Avon Cinema .
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall and then go to the Hughes Court .
go to the CVS and then go to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Sharpe House and then go to the John Hay Library .
go to the P-131317 and then go to the Champlin Hall .
go through the Kassar House to the Alumnae Hall
go through the Blue State Coffee to the Wriston Quad
go through the Shirley Miller House to the J. R. Workman Garden
go through the Peter Green House to the Brown Bear
go through the Spiritus Fermenti to the Lot 18
go through the Rockefeller Library to the Champlin Hall
go through the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology to the Andrews Terrace
go through the Granoff Center to the Lincoln Field Building
go through the Berk's;Shanghai to the BERT
go through the East Side Station Post Office to the Hope College
go through the Shirley Miller House to the Champlin Hall
go through the BERT to the Miller Hall
go through the Thayer and Meeting to the Quiet Green
go through the Lot 76 to the Hillel House
go through the Casey Shearer Memorial to the Thayer and Cushing
go through the Wilbour Hall to the New Pembroke 3
go through the Avon Cinema to the Prince Engineering Lab
go through the Avon Cinema to the Sayles Hall
go through the Thayer and Cushing to the Urban Environmental Lab
go through the Circle Dance Sculpture to the Pleasant Surprises
go through the Second Time Around to the Wayland
go through the Quiet Green to the Andrews Terrace
go through the Smith Buonanno Hall to the Lot 18
go through the Quiet Green to the Morriss Hall
go through the Spiritus Fermenti to the Wayland
go through the J. R. Workman Garden to the Medical Research Lab
go through the Metcalf Research Building to the Thayer and Cushing
go through the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop to the Pembroke Park
go through the New Pembroke 1 to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop
go through the East Side Station Post Office to the Circle Dance Sculpture
go through the Lyman Hall to the Thayer and Cushing
go through the Wilbour Hall to the Sharpe House
go through the Wriston Quad to the Thayer and Meeting
go through the Slavery Memorial to the Facing Thayer
go through the Norwood House to the Thayer and Meeting
go through the Thayer and Meeting to the Norwood House
go through the Thayer and Cushing to the John Hay Library
go through the Second Time Around to the Horace Mann House
go through the New Pembroke 1 to the 86 Waterman 
go through the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences to the Metcalf Hall
go through the New Pembroke 3 to the Campus Market
go through the Starbucks to the 111 Brown Street North House
go through the New Pembroke 2 to the Citizen's Bank
go through the University Hall to the Granoff Center
go through the Supercuts to the Marston Hall
go through the Finlandia to the Second Time Around
go through the Salon Persia to the Marston Hall
go through the Andrews Terrace to the Wayland
go through the Campus Market to the New Pembroke 3
go through the Pleasant Surprises to the Brown University
go through the Champlin Hall to the Manning
go through the Thayer and Cushing to the John Nicholas Brown Gate
go through the Andrews Hall to the Urban Environmental Lab
go through the Emery Hall to the Prospect House
go through the Medical Research Lab to the Morriss Hall
go through the Lot 76 to the Smith Buonanno Hall
go through the 164 Angel to the Manning
go through the J. R. Workman Garden to the Swearer Center for Public Service
go through the 164 Angel to the John Hay Library
go through the Sayles Hall to the Emery Hall
go to the Gardner House through the 219 Bowen .
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority through the 219 Bowen .
go to the Rhode Island Hall through the New Pembroke 2 .
go to the Blue State Coffee through the Starbucks .
go to the Class of 1887 Gate through the Soban .
go to the Simmons Quadrangle through the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the New Pembroke 4 through the Littlefield Hall .
go to the Blue State Coffee through the Slater Hall .
go to the Supercuts through the Lincoln Field Building .
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall through the Thayer and Meeting .
go to the Berk's;Shanghai through the Lot 17 .
go to the John Hay Library through the Biomedical Center .
go to the Caswell Hall through the Hillel House .
go to the Meeting Street Cafe through the Prospect House .
go to the Soban through the Manning .
go to the Carrie Tower through the Emery & Wooley .
go to the BERT through the East Side Station Post Office .
go to the Morriss Hall through the Lot 17 .
go to the Gardner House through the Facing Thayer .
go to the Walter Hall through the Thayer and Cushing .
go to the Sharpe Refectory through the Supercuts .
go to the Andrews Terrace through the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to the Sharpe House through the Manning .
go to the Starbucks through the Brown University Bookstore .
go to the Facing Thayer through the Maddock Alumni  .
go to the Thayer and Meeting through the Robinson Hall .
go to the Berk's;Shanghai through the Minden Hall .
go to the Van Wickle Gates through the Biomedical Center .
go to the Campus Market through the Pembroke Park .
go to the University Hall through the Thayer and Meeting .
go to the University Hall through the Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to the Meeting Street Cafe through the Minden Hall .
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ through the Thayer and Meeting .
go to the Emery Hall through the War Memorial .
go to the Miller Hall through the Shirley Miller House .
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall through the Sears .
go to the The Ivy Room through the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to the Champlin Hall through the Simmons Quadrangle .
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity through the Andreas .
go to the Hope College through the Pembroke Park .
go to the Lot 17 through the New Pembroke 2 .
go to the Andreas through the Walter Hall .
go to the Horace Mann House through the West House .
go to the Metcalf Research Building through the Blue State Coffee .
go to the Emery & Wooley through the Lippit House .
go to the Swearer Center for Public Service through the Supercuts .
go to the Blue State Coffee through the Class of 1872 Gate .
go to the Lincoln Field Building through the Pembroke Hall .
go to the Rockefeller Library through the New Pembroke 3 .
go to the Rhode Island Hall through the New Pembroke 1 .
go to the War Memorial through the Facing Thayer .
go to Miller Hall before going to Maddock Alumni  .
go to College Green before going to New Pembroke 1 .
go to Thayer and Meeting before going to Van Wickle Gates .
go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences before going to West House .
go to Spiritus Fermenti before going to Lot 17 .
go to Wayland before going to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to Berk's;Shanghai before going to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to Casey Shearer Memorial before going to Sidney Frank Hall .
go to Second Time Around before going to Prince Engineering Lab .
go to New Pembroke 1 before going to Marston Hall .
go to New Pembroke 2 before going to List Art Building .
go to Hillel House before going to College Green .
go to West House before going to Slater Hall .
go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate before going to Sharpe House .
go to Emery Hall before going to Carrie Tower .
go to Mencoff Hall before going to Andrews Terrace .
go to Lincoln Field Building before going to Pleasant Surprises .
go to Van Wickle Gates before going to New Pembroke 1 .
go to Alumnae Hall before going to Medical Research Lab .
go to Sidney Frank Hall before going to Maddock Alumni  .
go to Metcalf Hall before going to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to 164 Angel before going to Maxcy Hall .
go to Finlandia before going to 219 Bowen .
go to 86 Waterman  before going to Sidney Frank Hall .
go to Prospect House before going to 111 Brown Street North House .
go to John Hay Library before going to Morriss Hall .
go to Emery Hall before going to Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to College Green before going to Facing Thayer .
go to Andreas before going to William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to Class of 1887 Gate before going to Avon Cinema .
go to Hegeman before going to Meeting Street Cafe .
go to Shirley Miller House before going to Peter Green House .
go to Sidney Frank Hall before going to Robinson Hall .
go to New Pembroke 4 before going to Caswell Hall .
go to East Side Station Post Office before going to Caswell Hall .
go to Wilbour Hall before going to Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to Robinson Hall before going to Facing Thayer .
go to John Nicholas Brown Gate before going to Hillel House .
go to East Side Station Post Office before going to Prince Engineering Lab .
go to Miller Hall before going to Class of 1887 Gate .
go to Blue State Coffee before going to Littlefield Hall .
go to P-131317 before going to Andrews Hall .
go to Sidney Frank Hall before going to Blue Room .
go to East Side Station Post Office before going to Campus Market .
go to Alumnae Hall before going to Carrie Tower .
go to Brown Center for Students of Color before going to College Hill Bookstore .
go to Pleasant Surprises before going to Brown Bear .
go to West House before going to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority before going to J. R. Workman Garden .
go to Biomedical Center before going to John Hay Library .
go to Thayer and Cushing before going to Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to 164 Angel before going to Prospect House .
go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ before going to Pleasant Surprises .
go to Avon Cinema before going to Lincoln Field Building .
go to Berk's;Shanghai before going to William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to Hughes Court before going to CVS .
go to Horace Mann House before going to West House .
go to Van Wickle Gates before going to Meeting Street Cafe .
go to Brown Bear , then go to Blue State Coffee
go to Avon Cinema , then go to Lyman Hall
go to Lot 17 , then go to Andreas
go to Morriss Hall , then go to Prince Engineering Lab
go to Saint Stephens Church , then go to Brown University Bookstore
go to Prospect House , then go to Salon Persia
go to University Hall , then go to Morriss Hall
go to Biomedical Center , then go to Lot 18
go to Slater Hall , then go to Pembroke Hall
go to East Side Station Post Office , then go to List Art Building
go to Brown University Sciences Library , then go to CVS
go to Verney-Woolley Hall , then go to 86 Waterman 
go to Biomedical Center , then go to 67 George
go to J.W. Wilson , then go to Morriss Hall
go to Miller Hall , then go to Starbucks
go to J.W. Wilson , then go to 164 Angel
go to Andreas , then go to Lyman Hall
go to Peter Green House , then go to Sears
go to Facing Thayer , then go to Robinson Hall
go to Avon Cinema , then go to John Hay Library
go to Andrews Hall , then go to Soldiers Memorial Gate
go to Campus Market , then go to Blue State Coffee
go to Sharpe House , then go to Littlefield Hall
go to Brown University Bookstore , then go to Lot 76
go to West House , then go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences
go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop , then go to Sharpe House
go to Citizen's Bank , then go to Hillel House
go to Andrews Terrace , then go to Manning
go to Medical Research Lab , then go to Sidney Frank Hall
go to Gardner House , then go to Second Time Around
go to Soban , then go to Hope College
go to Urban Environmental Lab , then go to 219 Bowen
go to Manning , then go to Emery Hall
go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology , then go to Thayer and Meeting
go to Andreas , then go to Brown Center for Students of Color
go to Simmons Quadrangle , then go to Emery & Wooley
go to John Carter Brown Library , then go to Facing Thayer
go to Casey Shearer Memorial , then go to College Hill Bookstore
go to Sidney Frank Hall , then go to Simmons Quadrangle
go to Andrews Hall , then go to Gardner House
go to Brown University , then go to Andreas
go to Rockefeller Library , then go to Pembroke Hall
go to Peter Green House , then go to Barus Building
go to College Hill Bookstore , then go to Starbucks
go to Soban , then go to Marcus Aurelius
go to War Memorial , then go to New Pembroke 2
go to Hillel House , then go to Prince Engineering Lab
go to College Hill Bookstore , then go to 67 George
go to Rhode Island Hall , then go to Sharpe House
go to Alumnae Hall , then go to John Hay Library
go to Spiritus Fermenti , then go to P-131317
go to East Side Station Post Office , then go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology
go to Miller Hall , then go to Class of 1872 Gate
go to Biomedical Center , then go to Prospect House
go to Morriss Hall , then go to Watson Center for Information Technology
go to Morriss Hall , then go to Hope College
go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority , then go to West House
go to Soldiers Memorial Gate and then to Second Time Around .
go to Finlandia and then to Brown University Bookstore .
go to Minden Hall and then to Soban .
go to Lot 17 and then to Supercuts .
go to J. R. Workman Garden and then to Class of 1872 Gate .
go to Sears and then to Pleasant Surprises .
go to Medical Research Lab and then to J. R. Workman Garden .
go to Prince Engineering Lab and then to Andreas .
go to Peter Green House and then to John Carter Brown Library .
go to West House and then to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to Brown Bear and then to New Pembroke 2 .
go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology and then to East Side Station Post Office .
go to Watson Center for Information Technology and then to Meeting Street Cafe .
go to Mencoff Hall and then to Facing Thayer .
go to Campus Market and then to Brown University Bookstore .
go to Supercuts and then to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to Lincoln Field Building and then to Supercuts .
go to Lot 18 and then to Meeting Street Cafe .
go to Friedman Hall and then to 164 Angel .
go to Supercuts and then to Starbucks .
go to Medical Research Lab and then to Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to P-131317 and then to West House .
go to Maddock Alumni  and then to Pembroke Hall .
go to Prospect House and then to Peter Green House .
go to Hughes Court and then to Champlin Hall .
go to Sidney Frank Hall and then to Brown University .
go to Hughes Court and then to Sharpe House .
go to J.W. Wilson and then to Meeting Street Cafe .
go to Emery & Wooley and then to Lot 17 .
go to 219 Bowen and then to Maxcy Green .
go to Hillel House and then to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to 164 Angel and then to Minden Hall .
go to Pembroke Park and then to Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to William Goddard Memorial Gate and then to Emery Hall .
go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology and then to 164 Angel .
go to Untitled Lamp/Bear and then to Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to Avon Cinema and then to Medical Research Lab .
go to Slavery Memorial and then to Miller Hall .
go to Swearer Center for Public Service and then to Sidney Frank Hall .
go to Littlefield Hall and then to Miller Hall .
go to New Pembroke 4 and then to Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to New Pembroke 4 and then to Citizen's Bank .
go to Wayland and then to Morriss Hall .
go to Class of 1872 Gate and then to Pleasant Surprises .
go to West House and then to Hope College .
go to Avon Cinema and then to Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to Thayer and Meeting and then to Hegeman .
go to Brown University Sciences Library and then to 164 Angel .
go to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building and then to Blue Room .
go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences and then to Blue State Coffee .
go to Medical Research Lab and then to Andreas .
go to Supercuts and then to Lot 76 .
go to Andrews Terrace and then to P-131317 .
go to 111 Brown Street North House and then to Saint Stephens Church .
always pass Sharpe House before Van Wickle Gates .
always pass List Art Building before Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
always pass Avon Cinema before Faunce House .
always pass Lippit House before Avon Cinema .
always pass Robinson Hall before Second Time Around .
always pass Circle Dance Sculpture before Sharpe House .
always pass Alumnae Hall before Finlandia .
always pass Alumnae Hall before Quiet Green .
always pass Smith Buonanno Hall before John Carter Brown Library .
always pass Prospect House before Sidney Frank Hall .
always pass Emery & Wooley before Norwood House .
always pass Soldiers Memorial Gate before Verney-Woolley Hall .
always pass GeoChem and Macmillian Hall before Thayer and Cushing .
always pass Peter Green House before Brown Bear .
always pass Circle Dance Sculpture before Smith Buonanno Hall .
always pass Robinson Gate before Miller Hall .
always pass Smith Buonanno Hall before Blue Room .
always pass Sidney Frank Hall before The Ivy Room .
always pass John Hay Library before 111 Brown Street North House .
always pass Peter Green House before Sharpe Refectory .
always pass Andreas before Idee di pietra .
always pass Facing Thayer before Lyman Hall .
always pass Mencoff Hall before Meeting Street Cafe .
always pass Thayer and Cushing before Sears .
always pass Sharpe Refectory before Morriss Hall .
always pass Idee di pietra before 219 Bowen .
always pass Brown University Bookstore before War Memorial .
always pass West House before Casey Shearer Memorial .
always pass Andrews Terrace before Salomon Center for Teaching .
always pass Pleasant Surprises before Carrie Tower .
always pass Andrews Hall before Citizen's Bank .
always pass Untitled Lamp/Bear before College Hill Bookstore .
always pass Horace Mann House before Soban .
always pass Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building before College Green .
always pass New Pembroke 2 before Class of 1887 Gate .
always pass Shirley Miller House before Verney-Woolley Hall .
always pass Walter Hall before New Pembroke 2 .
always pass Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences before New Pembroke 4 .
always pass Facing Thayer before Rockefeller Library .
always pass Emery & Wooley before Littlefield Hall .
always pass Pleasant Surprises before Lot 18 .
always pass Casey Shearer Memorial before Peter Green House .
always pass Walter Hall before New Pembroke 4 .
always pass Wriston Quad before Pembroke Park .
always pass Maxcy Hall before Andreas .
always pass 219 Bowen before Quiet Green .
always pass Blue State Coffee before Sharpe Refectory .
always pass Hillel House before William Goddard Memorial Gate .
always pass 111 Brown Street North House before Brown University .
always pass Salomon Center for Teaching before Andreas .
always pass Gardner House before Meeting Street Cafe .
always pass Berk's;Shanghai before Circle Dance Sculpture .
always pass J.W. Wilson before CVS .
always pass Morriss Hall before Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
always pass West House before Robinson Hall .
always pass Finlandia before Andrews Terrace .
always pass John Hay Library before New Pembroke 3 .
always pass Pembroke Hall before Rhode Island Hall .
always pass Metcalf Research Building before Miller Hall .
go to Second Time Around then Mencoff Hall .
go to University Hall then Soban .
go to Emery & Wooley then Minden Hall .
go to Metcalf Hall then Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to New Pembroke 3 then Brown Bear .
go to Andreas then J.W. Wilson .
go to P-131317 then New Pembroke 2 .
go to Sharpe Refectory then Granoff Center .
go to Simmons Quadrangle then Andrews Terrace .
go to Supercuts then Saint Stephens Church .
go to Class of 1872 Gate then Pembroke Park .
go to Van Wickle Gates then Granoff Center .
go to Sharpe House then Barus Building .
go to Lot 18 then Emery & Wooley .
go to Hillel House then Gardner House .
go to Carrie Tower then Second Time Around .
go to Lot 18 then Sidney Frank Hall .
go to New Pembroke 1 then Wayland .
go to Hope College then Facing Thayer .
go to Morriss Hall then Metcalf Research Building .
go to Sidney Frank Hall then 67 George .
go to Soban then Maddock Alumni  .
go to Lippit House then New Pembroke 4 .
go to Quiet Green then Andreas .
go to Spiritus Fermenti then Wilbour Hall .
go to Thayer and Meeting then Hope College .
go to Slater Hall then New Pembroke 4 .
go to John Hay Library then New Pembroke 3 .
go to P-131317 then Meeting Street Cafe .
go to Supercuts then John Hay Library .
go to West House then Medical Research Lab .
go to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building then Wriston Quad .
go to Brown University Sciences Library then Pembroke Hall .
go to Emery Hall then Maxcy Hall .
go to Biomedical Center then Marcus Aurelius .
go to Blue Room then Metcalf Hall .
go to Pembroke Park then Minden Hall .
go to Brown Bear then Brown University Bookstore .
go to Maddock Alumni  then J. R. Workman Garden .
go to Circle Dance Sculpture then Pembroke Hall .
go to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building then Kassar House .
go to Alumnae Hall then Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to Slavery Memorial then CVS .
go to Hillel House then Hughes Court .
go to Lyman Hall then Andreas .
go to Brown Center for Students of Color then West House .
go to Maddock Alumni  then Emery & Wooley .
go to Miller Hall then Brown Bear .
go to Sharpe Refectory then Biomedical Center .
go to Sayles Hall then CVS .
go to Wayland before going to 219 Bowen .
go to Sidney Frank Hall before going to Starbucks .
go to 164 Angel before going to Lot 76 .
go to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building before going to John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to Gardner House before going to Biomedical Center .
go to Faunce House before going to Spiritus Fermenti .
go to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building before going to Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to Medical Research Lab before going to J. R. Workman Garden .
go to New Pembroke 3 before going to Norwood House .
go to John Hay Library before going to Emery Hall .
go to Citizen's Bank before going to Meeting Street Cafe .
go to Citizen's Bank before going to Salon Persia .
go to Faunce House before going to West House .
go to Facing Thayer before going to J.W. Wilson .
go to Emery & Wooley before going to Sears .
go to New Pembroke 4 before going to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to Lot 18 before going to Soban .
go to Brown Bear before going to Champlin Hall .
go to Sayles Hall before going to Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to Andrews Terrace before going to Quiet Green .
go to Andreas before going to Marcus Aurelius .
go to Brown Center for Students of Color before going to New Pembroke 3 .
go to Carrie Tower before going to Peter Green House .
go to Campus Market before going to New Pembroke 2 .
go to New Pembroke 4 before going to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to Prince Engineering Lab before going to Thayer and Meeting .
go to Sayles Hall before going to New Pembroke 4 .
go to Horace Mann House before going to Andreas .
go to Friedman Hall before going to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to Hillel House before going to Lincoln Field Building .
go to Wriston Quad before going to Morriss Hall .
go to 111 Brown Street North House before going to Kassar House .
go to Morriss Hall before going to Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to Sears before going to Pleasant Surprises .
go to Gardner House before going to Morriss Hall .
go to Hillel House before going to Brown University .
go to Hegeman before going to Metcalf Hall .
go to John Hay Library before going to Andrews Hall .
go to Wriston Quad before going to Berk's;Shanghai .
go to Meeting Street Cafe before going to Urban Environmental Lab .
go to Peter Green House before going to Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to Watson Center for Information Technology before going to East Side Station Post Office .
go to 86 Waterman  before going to Biomedical Center .
go to Mencoff Hall before going to West House .
go to Arnold Laboratory before going to Andreas .
go to Soban before going to Brown Bear .
go to Peter Green House before going to Van Wickle Gates .
go to Peter Green House before going to Van Wickle Gates .
go to Pembroke Hall before going to 86 Waterman  .
go to Walter Hall before going to Emery Hall .
go to 219 Bowen before going to Maddock Alumni  .
go to Salomon Center for Teaching before going to Thayer and Cushing .
go to Second Time Around before going to BERT .
go to Shirley Miller House before going to 164 Angel .
go to Supercuts before going to Robinson Hall .
go to New Pembroke 1 before going to Wilbour Hall .
go to Finlandia before going to Champlin Hall .
go to Lot 18 before going to Alumnae Hall .
go to Slavery Memorial through Second Time Around
go to Simmons Quadrangle through Miller Hall
go to Idee di pietra through Morriss Hall
go to Mencoff Hall through 111 Brown Street North House
go to Pleasant Surprises through Manning
go to J. R. Workman Garden through Carrie Tower
go to Champlin Hall through Kassar House
go to Idee di pietra through New Pembroke 1
go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall through Soban
go to New Pembroke 3 through The Ivy Room
go to Facing Thayer through Robinson Hall
go to Lot 76 through East Side Station Post Office
go to East Side Station Post Office through Friedman Hall
go to Slavery Memorial through 111 Brown Street North House
go to Blue State Coffee through Untitled Lamp/Bear
go to Avon Cinema through BERT
go to Supercuts through 67 George
go to Maxcy Hall through Miller Hall
go to Robinson Hall through Supercuts
go to Granoff Center through Metcalf Research Building
go to College Hill Bookstore through Sears
go to Starbucks through Pembroke Park
go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority through West House
go to Spiritus Fermenti through Brown Bear
go to Spiritus Fermenti through Robinson Hall
go to Maxcy Hall through Thayer and Cushing
go to 67 George through Alumnae Hall
go to New Pembroke 1 through Walter Hall
go to Second Time Around through 67 George
go to Brown University Bookstore through War Memorial
go to Pembroke Hall through Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology
go to Robinson Hall through Sharpe House
go to War Memorial through Pembroke Hall
go to Thayer and Meeting through 67 George
go to Emery Hall through Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences
go to 219 Bowen through Rhode Island Hall
go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate through Berk's;Shanghai
go to University Hall through West House
go to Casey Shearer Memorial through Sidney Frank Hall
go to West House through Saint Stephens Church
go to Andreas through Citizen's Bank
go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology through Soban
go to Maddock Alumni  through Avon Cinema
go to College Hill Bookstore through Robinson Hall
go to Untitled Lamp/Bear through West House
go to Morriss Hall through Medical Research Lab
go to Van Wickle Gates through Sidney Frank Hall
go to College Hill Bookstore through Hughes Court
go to Alumnae Hall through 86 Waterman 
go to John Hay Library through Hillel House
go to Urban Environmental Lab through Sharpe House
go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority through Pembroke Park
go to Prince Engineering Lab through Peter Green House
go to Class of 1872 Gate through West House
go to The Ivy Room through Alumnae Hall
go to Facing Thayer through J.W. Wilson
go to Watson Center for Information Technology , then up to CVS .
go to Medical Research Lab , then up to Sidney Frank Hall .
go to New Pembroke 3 , then up to Quiet Green .
go to Pembroke Park , then up to Brown University Sciences Library .
go to 219 Bowen , then up to Kassar House .
go to Citizen's Bank , then up to Biomedical Center .
go to College Green , then up to East Side Station Post Office .
go to Avon Cinema , then up to Slater Hall .
go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority , then up to New Pembroke 3 .
go to Urban Environmental Lab , then up to Spiritus Fermenti .
go to Granoff Center , then up to Hegeman .
go to Andreas , then up to Hegeman .
go to 164 Angel , then up to Blue Room .
go to CVS , then up to BERT .
go to Champlin Hall , then up to Hughes Court .
go to Circle Dance Sculpture , then up to Hillel House .
go to Class of 1887 Gate , then up to Soban .
go to J. R. Workman Garden , then up to Wayland .
go to Miller Hall , then up to Kassar House .
go to Horace Mann House , then up to Soban .
go to John Carter Brown Library , then up to J. R. Workman Garden .
go to Minden Hall , then up to Biomedical Center .
go to Facing Thayer , then up to Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to Van Wickle Gates , then up to Emery & Wooley .
go to Minden Hall , then up to New Pembroke 3 .
go to Watson Center for Information Technology , then up to Emery Hall .
go to Brown University , then up to 219 Bowen .
go to West House , then up to Brown Bear .
go to Rhode Island Hall , then up to Thayer and Cushing .
go to Biomedical Center , then up to Robinson Gate .
go to Sidney Frank Hall , then up to Kassar House .
go to John Carter Brown Library , then up to Emery & Wooley .
go to Robinson Gate , then up to Granoff Center .
go to Meeting Street Cafe , then up to Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to Campus Market , then up to East Side Station Post Office .
go to New Pembroke 4 , then up to Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to Horace Mann House , then up to Blue State Coffee .
go to East Side Station Post Office , then up to Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to 111 Brown Street North House , then up to Rhode Island Hall .
go to Biomedical Center , then up to Maddock Alumni  .
go to Thayer and Cushing , then up to Citizen's Bank .
go to Peter Green House , then up to Prospect House .
go to John Carter Brown Library , then up to Champlin Hall .
go to Slater Hall , then up to 164 Angel .
go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall , then up to 219 Bowen .
go to Brown University Bookstore , then up to J.W. Wilson .
go to West House , then up to Sayles Hall .
go to Thayer and Cushing , then up to Simmons Quadrangle .
go to Barus Building , then up to West House .
go to 111 Brown Street North House , then up to Metcalf Research Building .
go to Norwood House , then up to 164 Angel .
go to Verney-Woolley Hall , then up to Wilbour Hall .
go to 219 Bowen , then up to 86 Waterman  .
go to Sidney Frank Hall , then up to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to Thayer and Meeting , then up to Blue Room .
go to Peter Green House , then up to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to BERT , then up to Granoff Center .
go to West House , then up to Wriston Quad .
navigate through Thayer and Cushing then go to Starbucks .
navigate through Wilbour Hall then go to CVS .
navigate through Thayer and Cushing then go to University Hall .
navigate through Starbucks then go to Thayer and Meeting .
navigate through Emery & Wooley then go to Medical Research Lab .
navigate through Lot 18 then go to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
navigate through College Hill Bookstore then go to Robinson Gate .
navigate through Verney-Woolley Hall then go to Starbucks .
navigate through Lot 17 then go to Smith Buonanno Hall .
navigate through Emery & Wooley then go to Citizen's Bank .
navigate through Andrews Hall then go to John Nicholas Brown Gate .
navigate through New Pembroke 3 then go to John Carter Brown Library .
navigate through Mencoff Hall then go to Andrews Terrace .
navigate through Faunce House then go to East Side Station Post Office .
navigate through Emery & Wooley then go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
navigate through Littlefield Hall then go to 219 Bowen .
navigate through Facing Thayer then go to P-131317 .
navigate through Thayer and Meeting then go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
navigate through Thayer and Meeting then go to Sears .
navigate through Brown University Sciences Library then go to New Pembroke 1 .
navigate through Smith Buonanno Hall then go to Casey Shearer Memorial .
navigate through 86 Waterman  then go to New Pembroke 3 .
navigate through Salomon Center for Teaching then go to Soban .
navigate through East Side Station Post Office then go to Saint Stephens Church .
navigate through Morriss Hall then go to Prince Engineering Lab .
navigate through Facing Thayer then go to Lot 18 .
navigate through Supercuts then go to Idee di pietra .
navigate through Biomedical Center then go to 86 Waterman  .
navigate through Lyman Hall then go to 164 Angel .
navigate through Metcalf Hall then go to Brown University Sciences Library .
navigate through Brown Bear then go to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
navigate through Peter Green House then go to Brown Center for Students of Color .
navigate through Metcalf Research Building then go to West House .
navigate through Circle Dance Sculpture then go to Sidney Frank Hall .
navigate through Emery Hall then go to Lot 18 .
navigate through William Goddard Memorial Gate then go to Sidney Frank Hall .
navigate through J. R. Workman Garden then go to Lot 18 .
navigate through Mencoff Hall then go to East Side Station Post Office .
navigate through CVS then go to Sayles Hall .
navigate through New Pembroke 4 then go to Lincoln Field Building .
navigate through Gardner House then go to New Pembroke 1 .
navigate through Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences then go to J. R. Workman Garden .
navigate through Slater Hall then go to East Side Station Post Office .
navigate through Soldiers Memorial Gate then go to Emery Hall .
navigate through Prince Engineering Lab then go to Salon Persia .
navigate through Emery Hall then go to Salomon Center for Teaching .
navigate through Meeting Street Cafe then go to John Nicholas Brown Gate .
navigate through Blue State Coffee then go to List Art Building .
navigate through Rockefeller Library then go to J. R. Workman Garden .
navigate through Supercuts then go to Saint Stephens Church .
navigate through 67 George then go to East Side Station Post Office .
navigate through John Nicholas Brown Gate then go to Soban .
navigate through 111 Brown Street North House then go to John Hay Library .
navigate through Pembroke Park then go to Swearer Center for Public Service .
navigate through Rhode Island Hall then go to Metcalf Hall .
navigate through Brown University Sciences Library then go to Pembroke Hall .
go through Blue State Coffee to Prince Engineering Lab .
go through Smith Buonanno Hall to Caswell Hall .
go through East Side Station Post Office to Hegeman .
go through New Pembroke 2 to Brown University Sciences Library .
go through CVS to Van Wickle Gates .
go through BERT to Sidney Frank Hall .
go through Walter Hall to Facing Thayer .
go through Circle Dance Sculpture to Andrews Terrace .
go through Verney-Woolley Hall to Hope College .
go through Rhode Island Hall to Pleasant Surprises .
go through Barus Building to Sidney Frank Hall .
go through Sidney Frank Hall to Sears .
go through Supercuts to Slavery Memorial .
go through Class of 1872 Gate to Smith Buonanno Hall .
go through Facing Thayer to Blue Room .
go through Andrews Hall to Medical Research Lab .
go through Second Time Around to Simmons Quadrangle .
go through BERT to 111 Brown Street North House .
go through College Hill Bookstore to Lincoln Field Building .
go through Sharpe Refectory to New Pembroke 1 .
go through 67 George to Soban .
go through The Ivy Room to Spiritus Fermenti .
go through Sears to Meeting Street Cafe .
go through Finlandia to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go through Norwood House to Morriss Hall .
go through Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building to John Hay Library .
go through Maxcy Green to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go through College Green to Salon Persia .
go through Arnold Laboratory to Berk's;Shanghai .
go through Metcalf Hall to Class of 1887 Gate .
go through Swearer Center for Public Service to CVS .
go through Sharpe Refectory to Thayer and Cushing .
go through Caswell Hall to Pembroke Hall .
go through Sidney Frank Hall to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go through Shirley Miller House to Brown University Bookstore .
go through Andreas to P-131317 .
go through Pembroke Hall to Lot 17 .
go through West House to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go through Kassar House to Morriss Hall .
go through Granoff Center to Wayland .
go through Facing Thayer to Wayland .
go through Friedman Hall to New Pembroke 1 .
go through Sears to New Pembroke 1 .
go through Brown Center for Students of Color to Berk's;Shanghai .
go through 164 Angel to Caswell Hall .
go through Granoff Center to Kassar House .
go through Marston Hall to New Pembroke 1 .
go through Sharpe Refectory to 164 Angel .
go through Granoff Center to Horace Mann House .
go through Metcalf Hall to Slater Hall .
go to Avon Cinema and proceed to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to Miller Hall and proceed to Van Wickle Gates .
go to Andrews Hall and proceed to Urban Environmental Lab .
go to Morriss Hall and proceed to Arnold Laboratory .
go to J. R. Workman Garden and proceed to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to West House and proceed to Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to Maxcy Hall and proceed to Sidney Frank Hall .
go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ and proceed to Thayer and Meeting .
go to Van Wickle Gates and proceed to Pembroke Park .
go to Thayer and Meeting and proceed to Minden Hall .
go to West House and proceed to Minden Hall .
go to Brown University Bookstore and proceed to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to Meeting Street Cafe and proceed to Saint Stephens Church .
go to Blue State Coffee and proceed to Maddock Alumni  .
go to Faunce House and proceed to Facing Thayer .
go to Thayer and Cushing and proceed to Campus Market .
go to Miller Hall and proceed to Robinson Hall .
go to Verney-Woolley Hall and proceed to Friedman Hall .
go to Alumnae Hall and proceed to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to P-131317 and proceed to Thayer and Meeting .
go to Avon Cinema and proceed to Class of 1872 Gate .
go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop and proceed to 164 Angel .
go to Wayland and proceed to Andrews Terrace .
go to Carrie Tower and proceed to 164 Angel .
go to Andrews Hall and proceed to Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to Blue State Coffee and proceed to Prince Engineering Lab .
go to 164 Angel and proceed to War Memorial .
go to Brown University and proceed to Blue State Coffee .
go to Peter Green House and proceed to Hope College .
go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate and proceed to West House .
go to 219 Bowen and proceed to Rhode Island Hall .
go to Andrews Hall and proceed to Lippit House .
go to Supercuts and proceed to Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to Blue State Coffee and proceed to Starbucks .
go to Metcalf Hall and proceed to Medical Research Lab .
go to College Green and proceed to 219 Bowen .
go to Thayer and Meeting and proceed to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to Pleasant Surprises and proceed to Caswell Hall .
go to Circle Dance Sculpture and proceed to College Hill Bookstore .
go to Sayles Hall and proceed to New Pembroke 4 .
go to Thayer and Meeting and proceed to Faunce House .
go to Robinson Hall and proceed to Spiritus Fermenti .
go to Soban and proceed to BERT .
go to Sharpe House and proceed to Friedman Hall .
go to Arnold Laboratory and proceed to Andrews Hall .
go to Hughes Court and proceed to 219 Bowen .
go to J.W. Wilson and proceed to Supercuts .
go to Soban and proceed to Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to Wayland and proceed to New Pembroke 1 .
go to Circle Dance Sculpture and proceed to Thayer and Meeting .
go to Shirley Miller House and proceed to 111 Brown Street North House .
go to Biomedical Center and proceed to College Green .
go to Verney-Woolley Hall and proceed to Hegeman .
go to Hughes Court , then go to Facing Thayer .
go to New Pembroke 3 , then go to Minden Hall .
go to Thayer and Meeting , then go to Wayland .
go to Urban Environmental Lab , then go to Emery & Wooley .
go to Simmons Quadrangle , then go to Pembroke Hall .
go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology , then go to Spiritus Fermenti .
go to Marcus Aurelius , then go to Brown University Bookstore .
go to J.W. Wilson , then go to Hillel House .
go to Wilbour Hall , then go to 111 Brown Street North House .
go to J.W. Wilson , then go to Thayer and Meeting .
go to Wilbour Hall , then go to New Pembroke 4 .
go to Idee di pietra , then go to 219 Bowen .
go to Starbucks , then go to Morriss Hall .
go to Thayer and Meeting , then go to Rockefeller Library .
go to Maxcy Green , then go to Soban .
go to Arnold Laboratory , then go to Sidney Frank Hall .
go to New Pembroke 1 , then go to Kassar House .
go to Brown University Bookstore , then go to Lyman Hall .
go to John Carter Brown Library , then go to Pembroke Hall .
go to Alumnae Hall , then go to J.W. Wilson .
go to Pembroke Park , then go to Lot 76 .
go to CVS , then go to Lyman Hall .
go to Slavery Memorial , then go to Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to 219 Bowen , then go to Lippit House .
go to Robinson Hall , then go to West House .
go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority , then go to Emery & Wooley .
go to Alumnae Hall , then go to Idee di pietra .
go to 219 Bowen , then go to Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to New Pembroke 2 , then go to Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to Soldiers Memorial Gate , then go to CVS .
go to Hope College , then go to Emery & Wooley .
go to Rockefeller Library , then go to New Pembroke 1 .
go to Granoff Center , then go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to Brown University Sciences Library , then go to Pleasant Surprises .
go to Thayer and Cushing , then go to Kassar House .
go to Spiritus Fermenti , then go to Citizen's Bank .
go to Rockefeller Library , then go to Sharpe House .
go to Pembroke Hall , then go to Van Wickle Gates .
go to Andreas , then go to Maxcy Hall .
go to John Hay Library , then go to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to Andreas , then go to Starbucks .
go to New Pembroke 3 , then go to Walter Hall .
go to Minden Hall , then go to 219 Bowen .
go to 219 Bowen , then go to List Art Building .
go to Urban Environmental Lab , then go to Emery & Wooley .
go to War Memorial , then go to Pembroke Park .
go to Lot 18 , then go to New Pembroke 1 .
go to Hillel House , then go to Quiet Green .
go to West House , then go to Mencoff Hall .
go to Thayer and Cushing , then go to Marston Hall .
go to Miller Hall , then go to 67 George .
go to Emery Hall , then go to Wriston Quad .
go to Class of 1872 Gate , then go to Thayer and Meeting .
go to Metcalf Hall , then go to Lincoln Field Building .
go to Circle Dance Sculpture , then go to Pembroke Hall .
go to Hope College , then go to New Pembroke 2 .
go to Mencoff Hall , then go to Thayer and Cushing .
go to Hillel House , then go to Citizen's Bank .
go to Berk's;Shanghai , then go to Wilbour Hall .
go to Pembroke Park and then to Lot 17
go to Barus Building and then to Hillel House
go to New Pembroke 2 and then to Friedman Hall
go to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building and then to Citizen's Bank
go to Wriston Quad and then to Brown University Bookstore
go to Miller Hall and then to BERT
go to Pleasant Surprises and then to John Carter Brown Library
go to Sayles Hall and then to Pleasant Surprises
go to Brown University and then to J. R. Workman Garden
go to Urban Environmental Lab and then to West House
go to Sidney Frank Hall and then to Sharpe Refectory
go to John Carter Brown Library and then to Alumnae Hall
go to Soldiers Memorial Gate and then to Smith Buonanno Hall
go to Urban Environmental Lab and then to New Pembroke 3
go to Sidney Frank Hall and then to Caswell Hall
go to Spiritus Fermenti and then to Shirley Miller House
go to Lyman Hall and then to Supercuts
go to 164 Angel and then to Class of 1872 Gate
go to War Memorial and then to New Pembroke 2
go to Norwood House and then to Berk's;Shanghai
go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop and then to Hillel House
go to Lippit House and then to Sidney Frank Hall
go to Blue State Coffee and then to University Hall
go to Andreas and then to Medical Research Lab
go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate and then to Meeting Street Cafe
go to Thayer and Cushing and then to Caswell Hall
go to Thayer and Cushing and then to Carrie Tower
go to Second Time Around and then to John Carter Brown Library
go to Medical Research Lab and then to Alumnae Hall
go to Facing Thayer and then to Marston Hall
go to Casey Shearer Memorial and then to Second Time Around
go to Class of 1872 Gate and then to New Pembroke 4
go to CVS and then to Manning
go to 164 Angel and then to 86 Waterman 
go to Thayer and Cushing and then to Rockefeller Library
go to Sears and then to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building
go to Sharpe Refectory and then to New Pembroke 2
go to Brown University Sciences Library and then to Avon Cinema
go to Campus Market and then to Morriss Hall
go to Finlandia and then to West House
go to Pembroke Hall and then to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate
go to Pleasant Surprises and then to John Hay Library
go to Untitled Lamp/Bear and then to Peter Green House
go to P-131317 and then to Smith Buonanno Hall
go to Soldiers Memorial Gate and then to New Pembroke 2
go to Pembroke Park and then to Casey Shearer Memorial
go to Marcus Aurelius and then to Emery Hall
go to Spiritus Fermenti and then to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall
go to Sidney Frank Hall and then to Mencoff Hall
go to Wilbour Hall and then to Pleasant Surprises
go to College Hill Bookstore and then to Metcalf Research Building
go to Emery Hall through Mencoff Hall .
go to Horace Mann House through Supercuts .
go to Salon Persia through P-131317 .
go to Emery Hall through Robinson Hall .
go to John Hay Library through Sidney Frank Hall .
go to Andrews Terrace through Class of 1887 Gate .
go to Pleasant Surprises through Prince Engineering Lab .
go to Littlefield Hall through Sidney Frank Hall .
go to Prince Engineering Lab through Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to Manning through Peter Green House .
go to Idee di pietra through East Side Station Post Office .
go to Thayer and Meeting through Wayland .
go to Hughes Court through Andrews Hall .
go to Prince Engineering Lab through Andreas .
go to 86 Waterman  through Spiritus Fermenti .
go to Biomedical Center through Medical Research Lab .
go to List Art Building through Alumnae Hall .
go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall through Andrews Hall .
go to Meeting Street Cafe through Brown Bear .
go to Brown University Sciences Library through Emery & Wooley .
go to John Hay Library through Alumnae Hall .
go to Sears through Peter Green House .
go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences through Granoff Center .
go to Lippit House through Andrews Terrace .
go to Champlin Hall through GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to Pleasant Surprises through College Green .
go to West House through Prince Engineering Lab .
go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences through Spiritus Fermenti .
go to Berk's;Shanghai through The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to John Hay Library through CVS .
go to Littlefield Hall through Thayer and Meeting .
go to Marston Hall through Alumnae Hall .
go to Meeting Street Cafe through Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to College Hill Bookstore through Prince Engineering Lab .
go to Avon Cinema through The Ivy Room .
go to Andrews Terrace through Lot 18 .
go to CVS through Hope College .
go to Littlefield Hall through Sharpe House .
go to Soban through Maddock Alumni  .
go to Citizen's Bank through J. R. Workman Garden .
go to Thayer and Cushing through Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to Emery Hall through Maddock Alumni  .
go to Alumnae Hall through John Carter Brown Library .
go to New Pembroke 4 through John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to Class of 1887 Gate through Andreas .
go to J.W. Wilson through Spiritus Fermenti .
go to Emery Hall through Rhode Island Hall .
go to 219 Bowen through List Art Building .
go to New Pembroke 1 through Medical Research Lab .
go to Littlefield Hall through Pembroke Hall .
go to Wayland through Hillel House .
go to J. R. Workman Garden through Lyman Hall .
go to Second Time Around through Gardner House .
go to Blue Room through Emery Hall .
go to Peter Green House through Brown University Sciences Library .
go to Littlefield Hall through Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to Lot 18 through J. R. Workman Garden .
go to Andreas through Lot 17 .
go to Salon Persia through Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to Blue State Coffee through Walter Hall .
go to List Art Building through Metcalf Hall .
go to Shirley Miller House through 219 Bowen .
go to Circle Dance Sculpture through Salon Persia .
go to Alumnae Hall through Slavery Memorial .
go to Littlefield Hall through College Hill Bookstore .
go to Soban through Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to College Hill Bookstore through Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to Pleasant Surprises through Lippit House .
go to 164 Angel through Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to Hillel House through BERT .
go to Pembroke Hall through List Art Building .
go to Champlin Hall through Quiet Green .
go to Wilbour Hall through Biomedical Center .
go to Andreas through Norwood House .
go to Thayer and Cushing through Van Wickle Gates .
go to Mencoff Hall through Meeting Street Cafe .
go to New Pembroke 4 through Brown Bear .
go to Slater Hall through Andrews Terrace .
go to New Pembroke 2 through John Hay Library .
go to Morriss Hall through Prince Engineering Lab .
go to Salomon Center for Teaching through Biomedical Center .
go to Citizen's Bank through Miller Hall .
go to Walter Hall through Facing Thayer .
go to Wriston Quad through Thayer and Cushing .
go to Barus Building through Supercuts .
go to College Hill Bookstore through Barus Building .
go to Maddock Alumni  through Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to Lot 76 through Morriss Hall .
go to Morriss Hall through Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to Friedman Hall through Supercuts .
go to Prospect House through New Pembroke 2 .
go to Van Wickle Gates through Sidney Frank Hall .
go to Barus Building through Andrews Terrace .
go to Brown Center for Students of Color through CVS .
go to CVS through Slater Hall .
go to Finlandia through Miller Hall .
go to John Carter Brown Library through Emery Hall .
go to Emery Hall through Prospect House .
go to Peter Green House through Brown University .
go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop through Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to Maxcy Hall through New Pembroke 1 .
go to Robinson Hall through Salon Persia .
go to Spiritus Fermenti through Hegeman .
go to Prince Engineering Lab through Salon Persia .
go to Soban through Lot 17 .
go to Gardner House through Emery Hall .
go to J. R. Workman Garden through Lippit House .
go to 164 Angel through Lyman Hall .
go to P-131317 through Pleasant Surprises .
go to Second Time Around through John Hay Library .
go to Second Time Around through Arnold Laboratory .
go to Granoff Center through BERT .
go to Peter Green House through Lot 18 .
go to the New Pembroke 2 before going to Gardner House
go to the Blue State Coffee before going to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop
go to the 111 Brown Street North House before going to Hope College
go to the Morriss Hall before going to Quiet Green
go to the Medical Research Lab before going to Pleasant Surprises
go to the Champlin Hall before going to Barus Building
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ before going to Spiritus Fermenti
go to the Arnold Laboratory before going to Andrews Hall
go to the Supercuts before going to Brown Center for Students of Color
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall before going to Brown Bear
go to the Avon Cinema before going to Robinson Hall
go to the Andrews Hall before going to BERT
go to the Faunce House before going to Supercuts
go to the Caswell Hall before going to Blue State Coffee
go to the Lincoln Field Building before going to Pembroke Park
go to the Granoff Center before going to Manning
go to the Hillel House before going to Simmons Quadrangle
go to the Slater Hall before going to Pleasant Surprises
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity before going to Morriss Hall
go to the Smith Buonanno Hall before going to Wriston Quad
go to the Brown University before going to New Pembroke 2
go to the New Pembroke 1 before going to Sharpe Refectory
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate before going to Pembroke Hall
go to the Littlefield Hall before going to Second Time Around
go to the Rhode Island Hall before going to Biomedical Center
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall before going to Van Wickle Gates
go to the Andreas before going to College Green
go to the CVS before going to Horace Mann House
go to the Slater Hall before going to Avon Cinema
go to the Blue State Coffee before going to Lincoln Field Building
go to the Peter Green House before going to Kassar House
go to the John Hay Library before going to Second Time Around
go to the Biomedical Center before going to Lincoln Field Building
go to the J. R. Workman Garden before going to Prince Engineering Lab
go to the Hope College before going to Sharpe House
go to the Metcalf Hall before going to Hughes Court
go to the Brown University Sciences Library before going to Metcalf Hall
go to the 219 Bowen before going to J.W. Wilson
go to the Wriston Quad before going to Thayer and Cushing
go to the John Hay Library before going to Sidney Frank Hall
go to the Class of 1872 Gate before going to Blue State Coffee
go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate before going to Emery & Wooley
go to the Alumnae Hall before going to Swearer Center for Public Service
go to the P-131317 before going to Facing Thayer
go to the Meeting Street Cafe before going to Brown University
go to the 219 Bowen before going to University Hall
go to the New Pembroke 2 before going to John Nicholas Brown Gate
go to the Sayles Hall before going to Facing Thayer
go to the Maxcy Hall before going to New Pembroke 3
go to the Littlefield Hall before going to Supercuts
go to the Swearer Center for Public Service before going to Supercuts
go to the Alumnae Hall before going to Prospect House
go to the Lot 76 before going to Granoff Center
go to John Carter Brown Library , then go to New Pembroke 3 .
go to Facing Thayer , then go to Prospect House .
go to Brown University , then go to Miller Hall .
go to New Pembroke 1 , then go to Arnold Laboratory .
go to Simmons Quadrangle , then go to Andreas .
go to Brown Bear , then go to Andrews Terrace .
go to Rockefeller Library , then go to Thayer and Cushing .
go to College Hill Bookstore , then go to Marcus Aurelius .
go to Pleasant Surprises , then go to Metcalf Research Building .
go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity , then go to West House .
go to Andrews Terrace , then go to Marston Hall .
go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority , then go to Avon Cinema .
go to Andrews Terrace , then go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to Van Wickle Gates , then go to Berk's;Shanghai .
go to Lippit House , then go to Andreas .
go to Smith Buonanno Hall , then go to BERT .
go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity , then go to Thayer and Meeting .
go to Minden Hall , then go to 111 Brown Street North House .
go to Gardner House , then go to Facing Thayer .
go to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building , then go to Hughes Court .
go to Metcalf Hall , then go to Lincoln Field Building .
go to Blue Room , then go to New Pembroke 3 .
go to Soban , then go to War Memorial .
go to Hillel House , then go to Urban Environmental Lab .
go to William Goddard Memorial Gate , then go to Spiritus Fermenti .
go to New Pembroke 1 , then go to Sears .
go to List Art Building , then go to Supercuts .
go to Walter Hall , then go to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to 219 Bowen , then go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to New Pembroke 4 , then go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to Sears , then go to Peter Green House .
go to Maddock Alumni  , then go to New Pembroke 4 .
go to Medical Research Lab , then go to Sidney Frank Hall .
go to Lippit House , then go to Andrews Hall .
go to Mencoff Hall , then go to Emery Hall .
go to Peter Green House , then go to P-131317 .
go to Salomon Center for Teaching , then go to West House .
go to Sidney Frank Hall , then go to Arnold Laboratory .
go to Campus Market , then go to Thayer and Meeting .
go to The Ivy Room , then go to Andrews Terrace .
go to Maddock Alumni  , then go to Peter Green House .
go to Metcalf Hall , then go to Carrie Tower .
go to Avon Cinema , then go to Prince Engineering Lab .
go to Gardner House , then go to Sidney Frank Hall .
go to Champlin Hall , then go to Horace Mann House .
go to Second Time Around , then go to Arnold Laboratory .
go to Class of 1872 Gate , then go to J. R. Workman Garden .
go to Idee di pietra , then go to CVS .
go to New Pembroke 2 , then go to College Green .
go to Pembroke Park , then go to Saint Stephens Church .
go to Salon Persia , then go to Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to Walter Hall , then go to Sidney Frank Hall .
go to Circle Dance Sculpture , then go to Thayer and Meeting .
go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop , then go to Sidney Frank Hall .
go to Supercuts , then go to Hope College .
go to West House , then go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to John Hay Library , then go to Champlin Hall .
go to Thayer and Meeting , then go to BERT .
go to Saint Stephens Church , then go to Emery Hall .
go to Blue State Coffee , then go to Blue Room .
go through Hegeman then go to CVS .
go through Hegeman then go to 219 Bowen .
go through Idee di pietra then go to J. R. Workman Garden .
go through Manning then go to Verney-Woolley Hall .
go through Supercuts then go to Lyman Hall .
go through Lot 18 then go to J. R. Workman Garden .
go through Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences then go to Granoff Center .
go through Lippit House then go to Andrews Hall .
go through Lot 17 then go to Andrews Hall .
go through Walter Hall then go to West House .
go through Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity then go to College Hill Bookstore .
go through Berk's;Shanghai then go to Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go through Sidney Frank Hall then go to Maddock Alumni  .
go through Alumnae Hall then go to Arnold Laboratory .
go through Simmons Quadrangle then go to East Side Station Post Office .
go through CVS then go to Simmons Quadrangle .
go through CVS then go to Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go through New Pembroke 2 then go to Minden Hall .
go through Brown Center for Students of Color then go to Andrews Hall .
go through Manning then go to Salon Persia .
go through Sidney Frank Hall then go to Citizen's Bank .
go through Spiritus Fermenti then go to 86 Waterman  .
go through William Goddard Memorial Gate then go to East Side Station Post Office .
go through J.W. Wilson then go to Emery & Wooley .
go through New Pembroke 4 then go to Medical Research Lab .
go through List Art Building then go to Salon Persia .
go through Pembroke Park then go to John Hay Library .
go through Starbucks then go to 111 Brown Street North House .
go through Brown University Sciences Library then go to Biomedical Center .
go through Brown University Sciences Library then go to Sharpe House .
go through BERT then go to Peter Green House .
go through Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity then go to New Pembroke 4 .
go through Pembroke Hall then go to Carrie Tower .
go through Meeting Street Cafe then go to Robinson Gate .
go through J. R. Workman Garden then go to College Green .
go through Salon Persia then go to List Art Building .
go through 111 Brown Street North House then go to Robinson Hall .
go through Champlin Hall then go to The Ivy Room .
go through Walter Hall then go to Spiritus Fermenti .
go through Wayland then go to Avon Cinema .
go through Metcalf Hall then go to Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go through Carrie Tower then go to Facing Thayer .
go through John Hay Library then go to Champlin Hall .
go through Lot 76 then go to Pembroke Hall .
go through Andreas then go to Urban Environmental Lab .
go through East Side Station Post Office then go to 86 Waterman  .
go through Avon Cinema then go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go through East Side Station Post Office then go to John Carter Brown Library .
go through Sidney Frank Hall then go to The Ivy Room .
go through Peter Green House then go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go through New Pembroke 3 then go to Van Wickle Gates .
go through Emery & Wooley then go to Arnold Laboratory .
go through Andrews Terrace then go to Quiet Green .
go through The Ivy Room then go to Soban .
go through Barus Building then go to Thayer and Meeting .
go through John Nicholas Brown Gate then go to Emery & Wooley .
go through Alpha Chi Omega Sorority then go to Smith Buonanno Hall .
go through Hughes Court then go to Hillel House .
go to Lot 17 through New Pembroke 3
go to Littlefield Hall through Pembroke Park
go to Granoff Center through War Memorial
go to Finlandia through East Side Station Post Office
go to Medical Research Lab through Granoff Center
go to Marston Hall through Second Time Around
go to Medical Research Lab through College Hill Bookstore
go to Berk's;Shanghai through Marcus Aurelius
go to Carrie Tower through Thayer and Cushing
go to Marston Hall through Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building
go to J.W. Wilson through Thayer and Meeting
go to 67 George through Hillel House
go to Biomedical Center through Hope College
go to List Art Building through 164 Angel
go to Robinson Gate through Brown University Bookstore
go to Maxcy Green through Salon Persia
go to Van Wickle Gates through Emery & Wooley
go to Rhode Island Hall through Hillel House
go to Gardner House through College Hill Bookstore
go to Urban Environmental Lab through Champlin Hall
go to Lot 18 through New Pembroke 3
go to Slater Hall through Spiritus Fermenti
go to Caswell Hall through Pleasant Surprises
go to 164 Angel through Lincoln Field Building
go to Sidney Frank Hall through Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology
go to Andrews Terrace through Mencoff Hall
go to New Pembroke 4 through Lincoln Field Building
go to J. R. Workman Garden through Van Wickle Gates
go to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building through Lincoln Field Building
go to Horace Mann House through Peter Green House
go to Norwood House through Second Time Around
go to J. R. Workman Garden through Circle Dance Sculpture
go to 111 Brown Street North House through Maddock Alumni 
go to Salon Persia through Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop
go to Biomedical Center through Lot 17
go to College Hill Bookstore through Friedman Hall
go to Lot 18 through Second Time Around
go to The Ivy Room through 164 Angel
go to Verney-Woolley Hall through Van Wickle Gates
go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity through Hillel House
go to Meeting Street Cafe through Brown University Sciences Library
go to Facing Thayer through P-131317
go to Lot 17 through New Pembroke 1
go to East Side Station Post Office through Blue Room
go to Caswell Hall through Avon Cinema
go to 111 Brown Street North House through Robinson Gate
go to Prince Engineering Lab through East Side Station Post Office
go to Berk's;Shanghai through Walter Hall
go to New Pembroke 4 through Quiet Green
go to College Hill Bookstore through Brown University Sciences Library
go to Metcalf Hall through Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences
go to 164 Angel through Sears
go to Andreas through Citizen's Bank
go to Hope College through Berk's;Shanghai
go to Verney-Woolley Hall through Alpha Chi Omega Sorority
go to Pembroke Park through Wriston Quad
go to College Hill Bookstore through Prospect House
go to Verney-Woolley Hall through Medical Research Lab
go to Wayland through Andrews Hall
go to Emery & Wooley then go to Carrie Tower .
go to New Pembroke 1 then go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to Minden Hall then go to Andreas .
go to Berk's;Shanghai then go to Wilbour Hall .
go to 219 Bowen then go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to Brown Bear then go to Sidney Frank Hall .
go to Lippit House then go to New Pembroke 3 .
go to John Hay Library then go to Facing Thayer .
go to Sharpe Refectory then go to Andreas .
go to Horace Mann House then go to Facing Thayer .
go to Spiritus Fermenti then go to Lot 17 .
go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop then go to Andrews Hall .
go to Meeting Street Cafe then go to Hope College .
go to Blue State Coffee then go to Slavery Memorial .
go to East Side Station Post Office then go to Brown University .
go to Pembroke Hall then go to John Hay Library .
go to CVS then go to Slater Hall .
go to Sidney Frank Hall then go to John Hay Library .
go to Sidney Frank Hall then go to Slavery Memorial .
go to Brown University Sciences Library then go to Thayer and Meeting .
go to Lyman Hall then go to Biomedical Center .
go to Salon Persia then go to 67 George .
go to Sidney Frank Hall then go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to 67 George then go to J. R. Workman Garden .
go to Berk's;Shanghai then go to Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to Lot 18 then go to Berk's;Shanghai .
go to J. R. Workman Garden then go to John Hay Library .
go to Miller Hall then go to Walter Hall .
go to Caswell Hall then go to Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to Supercuts then go to Sharpe Refectory .
go to Second Time Around then go to The Ivy Room .
go to Idee di pietra then go to Peter Green House .
go to West House then go to Robinson Hall .
go to Sharpe Refectory then go to West House .
go to New Pembroke 3 then go to Hope College .
go to Granoff Center then go to University Hall .
go to Minden Hall then go to Facing Thayer .
go to Rockefeller Library then go to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to Wayland then go to Hillel House .
go to Andreas then go to Hope College .
go to Sears then go to West House .
go to Peter Green House then go to Brown University .
go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate then go to Facing Thayer .
go to Maxcy Hall then go to West House .
go to Soban then go to Robinson Gate .
go to Supercuts then go to Medical Research Lab .
go to New Pembroke 4 then go to Wayland .
go to East Side Station Post Office then go to Lot 76 .
go to Faunce House then go to New Pembroke 1 .
go to Brown Center for Students of Color then go to J. R. Workman Garden .
go to Kassar House then go to Salon Persia .
go to CVS then go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to Metcalf Hall then go to Barus Building .
go to Pleasant Surprises then go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to Metcalf Research Building then go to 164 Angel .
go to Maddock Alumni  then go to East Side Station Post Office .
go to Facing Thayer through Wayland .
go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ through East Side Station Post Office .
go to Citizen's Bank through New Pembroke 3 .
go to Horace Mann House through Second Time Around .
go to Metcalf Hall through Metcalf Research Building .
go to Brown Bear through Avon Cinema .
go to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building through Kassar House .
go to Sharpe House through Carrie Tower .
go to Berk's;Shanghai through Brown University Sciences Library .
go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop through Thayer and Cushing .
go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity through New Pembroke 2 .
go to 111 Brown Street North House through Marston Hall .
go to Avon Cinema through Hughes Court .
go to Norwood House through 111 Brown Street North House .
go to Brown Bear through West House .
go to Spiritus Fermenti through 86 Waterman  .
go to Carrie Tower through Pembroke Park .
go to Blue Room through Andrews Terrace .
go to Prospect House through Alumnae Hall .
go to Casey Shearer Memorial through Berk's;Shanghai .
go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences through Berk's;Shanghai .
go to Untitled Lamp/Bear through Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to Hillel House through Finlandia .
go to New Pembroke 4 through Shirley Miller House .
go to Rockefeller Library through West House .
go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop through Soban .
go to Soldiers Memorial Gate through Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to Saint Stephens Church through West House .
go to Granoff Center through John Hay Library .
go to Mencoff Hall through Thayer and Meeting .
go to Sidney Frank Hall through GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop through Facing Thayer .
go to Metcalf Hall through Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to John Nicholas Brown Gate through Pleasant Surprises .
go to New Pembroke 4 through Shirley Miller House .
go to Sidney Frank Hall through Hughes Court .
go to Pleasant Surprises through Van Wickle Gates .
go to CVS through College Green .
go to Maxcy Hall through Morriss Hall .
go to 219 Bowen through Blue Room .
go to Finlandia through Morriss Hall .
go to Starbucks through Spiritus Fermenti .
go to 67 George through Thayer and Cushing .
go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences through New Pembroke 2 .
go to Pleasant Surprises through Lippit House .
go to Slater Hall through New Pembroke 3 .
go to 219 Bowen through Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to Thayer and Meeting through Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to Soban through Sharpe Refectory .
go to Idee di pietra through Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to Soban through Van Wickle Gates .
go to Slavery Memorial through Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
first navigate to Untitled Lamp/Bear , then go to New Pembroke 1 .
first navigate to Maxcy Green , then go to Andreas .
first navigate to Citizen's Bank , then go to West House .
first navigate to Sharpe House , then go to Slavery Memorial .
first navigate to Hegeman , then go to West House .
first navigate to Mencoff Hall , then go to New Pembroke 3 .
first navigate to Sharpe Refectory , then go to Pembroke Park .
first navigate to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences , then go to Spiritus Fermenti .
first navigate to Blue State Coffee , then go to Mencoff Hall .
first navigate to John Hay Library , then go to Andreas .
first navigate to Van Wickle Gates , then go to Champlin Hall .
first navigate to Wayland , then go to Biomedical Center .
first navigate to Soban , then go to Quiet Green .
first navigate to Blue State Coffee , then go to Carrie Tower .
first navigate to Watson Center for Information Technology , then go to Biomedical Center .
first navigate to Champlin Hall , then go to Rockefeller Library .
first navigate to CVS , then go to Prince Engineering Lab .
first navigate to Soban , then go to Casey Shearer Memorial .
first navigate to Maxcy Hall , then go to 164 Angel .
first navigate to Brown University Sciences Library , then go to Pembroke Park .
first navigate to 219 Bowen , then go to John Hay Library .
first navigate to West House , then go to Mencoff Hall .
first navigate to New Pembroke 1 , then go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
first navigate to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall , then go to Spiritus Fermenti .
first navigate to Hegeman , then go to Emery Hall .
first navigate to Carrie Tower , then go to Salon Persia .
first navigate to Facing Thayer , then go to Rhode Island Hall .
first navigate to Champlin Hall , then go to Quiet Green .
first navigate to Van Wickle Gates , then go to J. R. Workman Garden .
first navigate to New Pembroke 4 , then go to Hughes Court .
first navigate to Van Wickle Gates , then go to New Pembroke 4 .
first navigate to Meeting Street Cafe , then go to Brown Center for Students of Color .
first navigate to Metcalf Hall , then go to Swearer Center for Public Service .
first navigate to 67 George , then go to 164 Angel .
first navigate to New Pembroke 4 , then go to Sayles Hall .
first navigate to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate , then go to Metcalf Hall .
first navigate to College Green , then go to Metcalf Hall .
first navigate to Blue State Coffee , then go to Starbucks .
first navigate to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology , then go to Thayer and Cushing .
first navigate to Wriston Quad , then go to Champlin Hall .
first navigate to Salomon Center for Teaching , then go to Meeting Street Cafe .
first navigate to Idee di pietra , then go to Thayer and Cushing .
first navigate to Blue Room , then go to Sidney Frank Hall .
first navigate to Miller Hall , then go to University Hall .
first navigate to Lincoln Field Building , then go to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
first navigate to P-131317 , then go to New Pembroke 2 .
first navigate to CVS , then go to Slater Hall .
first navigate to Sidney Frank Hall , then go to Class of 1887 Gate .
first navigate to John Hay Library , then go to Sidney Frank Hall .
first navigate to The Ivy Room , then go to Andrews Hall .
go to Biomedical Center through Hope College
go to Smith Buonanno Hall through List Art Building
go to Sidney Frank Hall through Urban Environmental Lab
go to Hope College through Sidney Frank Hall
go to 164 Angel through Marcus Aurelius
go to Faunce House through Pleasant Surprises
go to Watson Center for Information Technology through East Side Station Post Office
go to Caswell Hall through Emery Hall
go to Champlin Hall through BERT
go to Champlin Hall through Maddock Alumni 
go to Brown Bear through Alumnae Hall
go to Lincoln Field Building through Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building
go to Littlefield Hall through Alumnae Hall
go to Prince Engineering Lab through Emery & Wooley
go to New Pembroke 1 through Carrie Tower
go to Faunce House through Avon Cinema
go to Maddock Alumni  through Thayer and Cushing
go to Swearer Center for Public Service through Meeting Street Cafe
go to Shirley Miller House through Brown University Bookstore
go to Casey Shearer Memorial through Peter Green House
go to East Side Station Post Office through Rhode Island Hall
go to Gardner House through CVS
go to Marston Hall through 111 Brown Street North House
go to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building through Van Wickle Gates
go to West House through Maddock Alumni 
go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity through Morriss Hall
go to Minden Hall through 164 Angel
go to Pleasant Surprises through Rhode Island Hall
go to Lot 18 through Pembroke Hall
go to Champlin Hall through Gardner House
go to Sidney Frank Hall through Idee di pietra
go to Untitled Lamp/Bear through New Pembroke 3
go to Caswell Hall through Champlin Hall
go to Slater Hall through Hillel House
go to Soban through John Hay Library
go to Finlandia through New Pembroke 1
go to 67 George through Second Time Around
go to Thayer and Cushing through Shirley Miller House
go to Starbucks through Miller Hall
go to West House through Lot 18
go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate through Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building
go to East Side Station Post Office through Wayland
go to Wilbour Hall through Pembroke Hall
go to Casey Shearer Memorial through West House
go to John Nicholas Brown Gate through Sidney Frank Hall
go to Soban through Starbucks
go to Sidney Frank Hall through 86 Waterman 
go to Caswell Hall through Supercuts
go to Pembroke Park through Barus Building
go to Caswell Hall through East Side Station Post Office
go to Shirley Miller House through Berk's;Shanghai
go to Medical Research Lab through Spiritus Fermenti
go to Idee di pietra through Pembroke Hall
go to Avon Cinema through College Green
go to Saint Stephens Church through Supercuts
go to The Ivy Room through Sidney Frank Hall
always go to College Green before Granoff Center .
always go to Urban Environmental Lab before New Pembroke 2 .
always go to Peter Green House before 67 George .
always go to Casey Shearer Memorial before Sharpe House .
always go to Citizen's Bank before New Pembroke 3 .
always go to War Memorial before Smith Buonanno Hall .
always go to Salon Persia before William Goddard Memorial Gate .
always go to Morriss Hall before College Green .
always go to Swearer Center for Public Service before Blue State Coffee .
always go to 164 Angel before John Carter Brown Library .
always go to Meeting Street Cafe before Maxcy Green .
always go to Soban before Starbucks .
always go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity before Berk's;Shanghai .
always go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority before Pembroke Park .
always go to Peter Green House before Watson Center for Information Technology .
always go to Gardner House before Hillel House .
always go to Emery & Wooley before Brown Bear .
always go to Brown Center for Students of Color before Meeting Street Cafe .
always go to College Hill Bookstore before Metcalf Research Building .
always go to Second Time Around before Citizen's Bank .
always go to J.W. Wilson before West House .
always go to Biomedical Center before Maxcy Green .
always go to Brown University Sciences Library before Pleasant Surprises .
always go to Watson Center for Information Technology before Emery & Wooley .
always go to Sharpe House before P-131317 .
always go to Metcalf Hall before Faunce House .
always go to Metcalf Hall before Marcus Aurelius .
always go to The Ivy Room before Supercuts .
always go to Marcus Aurelius before Thayer and Cushing .
always go to Andrews Hall before Robinson Gate .
always go to Meeting Street Cafe before Untitled Lamp/Bear .
always go to Campus Market before 164 Angel .
always go to Spiritus Fermenti before Quiet Green .
always go to Barus Building before Andreas .
always go to Pembroke Park before Manning .
always go to Andrews Hall before Robinson Gate .
always go to Watson Center for Information Technology before Granoff Center .
always go to Sidney Frank Hall before Friedman Hall .
always go to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building before Brown Bear .
always go to Facing Thayer before Brown University Sciences Library .
always go to 111 Brown Street North House before Van Wickle Gates .
always go to Lyman Hall before New Pembroke 2 .
always go to Sidney Frank Hall before Manning .
always go to P-131317 before Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
always go to Alumnae Hall before Hope College .
always go to Finlandia before CVS .
always go to Rhode Island Hall before Sidney Frank Hall .
always go to Wriston Quad before Morriss Hall .
always go to West House before Wilbour Hall .
always go to Brown University Sciences Library before Blue State Coffee .
always go to Peter Green House before Finlandia .
always go to Sidney Frank Hall before Slavery Memorial .
always go to West House before Shirley Miller House .
always go to Gardner House before Biomedical Center .
go to Robinson Gate , then go to J. R. Workman Garden .
go to Van Wickle Gates , then go to Blue State Coffee .
go to P-131317 , then go to Thayer and Cushing .
go to Salon Persia , then go to Maddock Alumni  .
go to Andreas , then go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences , then go to Salon Persia .
go to East Side Station Post Office , then go to Quiet Green .
go to Caswell Hall , then go to Sidney Frank Hall .
go to Soldiers Memorial Gate , then go to Facing Thayer .
go to Robinson Hall , then go to College Hill Bookstore .
go to Blue Room , then go to Salon Persia .
go to Idee di pietra , then go to Biomedical Center .
go to 67 George , then go to Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to New Pembroke 2 , then go to Slavery Memorial .
go to Miller Hall , then go to Saint Stephens Church .
go to Caswell Hall , then go to West House .
go to Friedman Hall , then go to Andrews Terrace .
go to Wayland , then go to Sharpe House .
go to Pleasant Surprises , then go to Medical Research Lab .
go to Metcalf Hall , then go to Friedman Hall .
go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity , then go to Emery Hall .
go to Sidney Frank Hall , then go to Barus Building .
go to Soldiers Memorial Gate , then go to Andrews Terrace .
go to Andrews Hall , then go to Slavery Memorial .
go to Lincoln Field Building , then go to Meeting Street Cafe .
go to Smith Buonanno Hall , then go to Citizen's Bank .
go to Berk's;Shanghai , then go to Blue Room .
go to Lot 18 , then go to 111 Brown Street North House .
go to Robinson Hall , then go to Blue State Coffee .
go to 219 Bowen , then go to Sears .
go to Friedman Hall , then go to Spiritus Fermenti .
go to Miller Hall , then go to Lot 17 .
go to Andrews Terrace , then go to Wayland .
go to Norwood House , then go to Morriss Hall .
go to Andrews Hall , then go to 67 George .
go to Meeting Street Cafe , then go to Prince Engineering Lab .
go to Pleasant Surprises , then go to Maxcy Hall .
go to Mencoff Hall , then go to Hillel House .
go to Brown Center for Students of Color , then go to New Pembroke 2 .
go to College Hill Bookstore , then go to Faunce House .
go to Sharpe House , then go to J.W. Wilson .
go to Metcalf Research Building , then go to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to Brown University Bookstore , then go to Class of 1872 Gate .
go to Sharpe Refectory , then go to Sidney Frank Hall .
go to Urban Environmental Lab , then go to Salon Persia .
go to Granoff Center , then go to Van Wickle Gates .
go to Pembroke Park , then go to Maxcy Green .
go to Robinson Gate , then go to Avon Cinema .
go to Sears , then go to Emery & Wooley .
go to Citizen's Bank , then go to Miller Hall .
go to Campus Market , then go to New Pembroke 4 .
go to Brown Center for Students of Color , then go to Brown University Bookstore .
go to Lyman Hall , then go to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to Mencoff Hall , then go to Emery & Wooley .
go to Morriss Hall , then go to Brown Bear .
go to Miller Hall , then go to Rhode Island Hall .
go to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building , then go to William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to Littlefield Hall , then go to West House .
go to Robinson Hall , then go to Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to Minden Hall , then go to Thayer and Cushing .
go to Biomedical Center by going through Faunce House
go to Spiritus Fermenti by going through Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology
go to New Pembroke 1 by going through Brown Bear
go to 86 Waterman  by going through Miller Hall
go to Friedman Hall by going through Pembroke Park
go to CVS by going through GeoChem and Macmillian Hall
go to John Hay Library by going through Brown University Bookstore
go to New Pembroke 2 by going through Lippit House
go to Brown Center for Students of Color by going through J. R. Workman Garden
go to Mencoff Hall by going through Sidney Frank Hall
go to Lincoln Field Building by going through Avon Cinema
go to East Side Station Post Office by going through Manning
go to Marcus Aurelius by going through Pleasant Surprises
go to Class of 1887 Gate by going through Biomedical Center
go to Brown University by going through CVS
go to Granoff Center by going through Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology
go to Sears by going through 164 Angel
go to John Hay Library by going through 219 Bowen
go to Brown University Bookstore by going through John Nicholas Brown Gate
go to Lot 76 by going through 219 Bowen
go to Lot 18 by going through Hillel House
go to Blue State Coffee by going through Littlefield Hall
go to Meeting Street Cafe by going through J.W. Wilson
go to Circle Dance Sculpture by going through Salon Persia
go to Smith Buonanno Hall by going through Lot 76
go to Sidney Frank Hall by going through Brown Bear
go to Saint Stephens Church by going through Brown University Bookstore
go to West House by going through 86 Waterman 
go to 164 Angel by going through GeoChem and Macmillian Hall
go to Urban Environmental Lab by going through Smith Buonanno Hall
go to Prince Engineering Lab by going through Andreas
go to Lippit House by going through Thayer and Cushing
go to CVS by going through Wriston Quad
go to Walter Hall by going through Emery Hall
go to Gardner House by going through College Hill Bookstore
go to Arnold Laboratory by going through Sidney Frank Hall
go to Brown Bear by going through CVS
go to Biomedical Center by going through Kassar House
go to College Hill Bookstore by going through Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology
go to Meeting Street Cafe by going through Slavery Memorial
go to Starbucks by going through Meeting Street Cafe
go to Thayer and Cushing by going through Friedman Hall
go to Urban Environmental Lab by going through Sharpe House
go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall by going through J. R. Workman Garden
go to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building by going through Hope College
go to Watson Center for Information Technology by going through New Pembroke 1
go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity by going through Brown University Bookstore
go to Brown University Bookstore by going through Lot 76
go to Granoff Center by going through Mencoff Hall
go to J. R. Workman Garden by going through 86 Waterman 
go to Andrews Terrace by going through Minden Hall
go to Second Time Around by going through Lot 17
go to Avon Cinema by going through Rockefeller Library
go to Lot 17 after going to Biomedical Center .
go to Slater Hall after going to Brown University Bookstore .
go to Berk's;Shanghai after going to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to Blue Room after going to Emery Hall .
go to Lot 18 after going to Blue State Coffee .
go to Avon Cinema after going to Manning .
go to Saint Stephens Church after going to Emery & Wooley .
go to Casey Shearer Memorial after going to Pembroke Hall .
go to Salomon Center for Teaching after going to Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to Lincoln Field Building after going to New Pembroke 2 .
go to 164 Angel after going to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to Emery Hall after going to Slater Hall .
go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall after going to 111 Brown Street North House .
go to New Pembroke 4 after going to Brown Bear .
go to Prince Engineering Lab after going to Pembroke Hall .
go to Alumnae Hall after going to Maxcy Hall .
go to Class of 1872 Gate after going to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to Granoff Center after going to William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to John Carter Brown Library after going to Pleasant Surprises .
go to Brown Bear after going to New Pembroke 4 .
go to West House after going to Van Wickle Gates .
go to Champlin Hall after going to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority after going to Sidney Frank Hall .
go to Saint Stephens Church after going to Granoff Center .
go to West House after going to Horace Mann House .
go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall after going to Pembroke Hall .
go to New Pembroke 4 after going to The Ivy Room .
go to Slavery Memorial after going to Emery Hall .
go to Lot 18 after going to 219 Bowen .
go to Rockefeller Library after going to Supercuts .
go to John Hay Library after going to Andrews Hall .
go to New Pembroke 2 after going to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to Marcus Aurelius after going to West House .
go to Saint Stephens Church after going to CVS .
go to Brown University Bookstore after going to Brown Bear .
go to Meeting Street Cafe after going to Prospect House .
go to Circle Dance Sculpture after going to Biomedical Center .
go to Pembroke Hall after going to Finlandia .
go to Spiritus Fermenti after going to Maxcy Green .
go to Van Wickle Gates after going to Soban .
go to Smith Buonanno Hall after going to University Hall .
go to Alumnae Hall after going to Caswell Hall .
go to Arnold Laboratory after going to Sharpe House .
go to Faunce House after going to Hillel House .
go to Circle Dance Sculpture after going to Berk's;Shanghai .
go to List Art Building after going to Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to Friedman Hall after going to Facing Thayer .
go to 219 Bowen after going to Metcalf Research Building .
go to Casey Shearer Memorial after going to Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to Supercuts after going to Carrie Tower .
go to Morriss Hall after going to Marston Hall .
go to Champlin Hall after going to Maxcy Green .
go to Verney-Woolley Hall after going to Simmons Quadrangle .
go to Pleasant Surprises after going to John Carter Brown Library .
go to Maxcy Green after going to Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to 111 Brown Street North House after going to Shirley Miller House .
go to Hegeman after going to Hillel House .
go through Littlefield Hall to Andrews Hall .
go through Rockefeller Library to Second Time Around .
go through East Side Station Post Office to Faunce House .
go through The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ to Andrews Terrace .
go through Thayer and Cushing to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go through Slater Hall to Andreas .
go through Supercuts to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go through Avon Cinema to Class of 1872 Gate .
go through Arnold Laboratory to Verney-Woolley Hall .
go through Arnold Laboratory to West House .
go through Sharpe House to Gardner House .
go through John Nicholas Brown Gate to Miller Hall .
go through Brown University Bookstore to Simmons Quadrangle .
go through William Goddard Memorial Gate to Emery Hall .
go through Class of 1887 Gate to Peter Green House .
go through Brown University Bookstore to Brown University .
go through Lot 76 to Blue State Coffee .
go through Arnold Laboratory to Smith Buonanno Hall .
go through Maxcy Green to Alumnae Hall .
go through Sharpe Refectory to Peter Green House .
go through Hegeman to New Pembroke 4 .
go through Soldiers Memorial Gate to New Pembroke 1 .
go through Morriss Hall to Maxcy Green .
go through Peter Green House to Horace Mann House .
go through Brown University to Sharpe House .
go through Avon Cinema to Maxcy Hall .
go through Medical Research Lab to New Pembroke 3 .
go through Salon Persia to Hegeman .
go through West House to Shirley Miller House .
go through Metcalf Hall to Watson Center for Information Technology .
go through GeoChem and Macmillian Hall to Emery & Wooley .
go through Wayland to Soban .
go through Andrews Hall to Sharpe Refectory .
go through Brown University Bookstore to 86 Waterman  .
go through Granoff Center to Shirley Miller House .
go through Marcus Aurelius to Andreas .
go through Hillel House to University Hall .
go through Class of 1872 Gate to East Side Station Post Office .
go through Untitled Lamp/Bear to New Pembroke 4 .
go through Quiet Green to Smith Buonanno Hall .
go through Verney-Woolley Hall to P-131317 .
go through Class of 1887 Gate to West House .
go through Brown Bear to Champlin Hall .
go through Idee di pietra to East Side Station Post Office .
go through Untitled Lamp/Bear to Second Time Around .
go through Sidney Frank Hall to Barus Building .
go through Salon Persia to Maxcy Hall .
go through Granoff Center to Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go through Spiritus Fermenti to Slavery Memorial .
go through Kassar House to Biomedical Center .
go through West House to Casey Shearer Memorial .
go through Wayland to Andrews Hall .
go through Idee di pietra to Spiritus Fermenti .
go through Sayles Hall to New Pembroke 4 .
go through William Goddard Memorial Gate to Alumnae Hall .
go through Emery Hall to Lippit House .
go to the Idee di pietra via Morriss Hall .
go to the East Side Station Post Office via Rockefeller Library .
go to the Salon Persia via Minden Hall .
go to the Facing Thayer via Lot 18 .
go to the New Pembroke 1 via Wayland .
go to the Saint Stephens Church via Avon Cinema .
go to the CVS via Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to the Arnold Laboratory via West House .
go to the J. R. Workman Garden via Horace Mann House .
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ via Morriss Hall .
go to the 111 Brown Street North House via Robinson Gate .
go to the Hope College via West House .
go to the Champlin Hall via Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to the Lot 76 via Sharpe House .
go to the Blue Room via New Pembroke 2 .
go to the Granoff Center via Lot 18 .
go to the Lot 17 via Granoff Center .
go to the East Side Station Post Office via Hegeman .
go to the Supercuts via The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to the 111 Brown Street North House via Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Lot 18 via Meeting Street Cafe .
go to the New Pembroke 4 via The Ivy Room .
go to the Lot 17 via College Hill Bookstore .
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ via Sharpe House .
go to the War Memorial via Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to the Andreas via Walter Hall .
go to the Meeting Street Cafe via Kassar House .
go to the Pleasant Surprises via College Green .
go to the Swearer Center for Public Service via 164 Angel .
go to the John Carter Brown Library via Meeting Street Cafe .
go to the Brown Bear via Spiritus Fermenti .
go to the Thayer and Cushing via Maddock Alumni  .
go to the John Hay Library via Sharpe House .
go to the Blue State Coffee via Metcalf Research Building .
go to the College Hill Bookstore via Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to the Brown University Sciences Library via Facing Thayer .
go to the Caswell Hall via Biomedical Center .
go to the Rhode Island Hall via Salon Persia .
go to the Facing Thayer via Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to the Wilbour Hall via Biomedical Center .
go to the Hope College via Soban .
go to the Emery Hall via Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to the Simmons Quadrangle via Peter Green House .
go to the Quiet Green via Alumnae Hall .
go to the J.W. Wilson via New Pembroke 3 .
go to the Blue State Coffee via Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to the Andrews Terrace via Minden Hall .
go to the New Pembroke 3 via Hope College .
go to the Smith Buonanno Hall via Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to the J. R. Workman Garden via Manning .
go to the Meeting Street Cafe via Lot 17 .
go to the West House via Faunce House .
go through Shirley Miller House to the Andrews Terrace .
go through Hope College to the J. R. Workman Garden .
go through 219 Bowen to the Van Wickle Gates .
go through Quiet Green to the New Pembroke 3 .
go through Meeting Street Cafe to the Arnold Laboratory .
go through Emery & Wooley to the Hope College .
go through Wriston Quad to the Granoff Center .
go through Champlin Hall to the Maxcy Green .
go through Brown University Sciences Library to the New Pembroke 3 .
go through Granoff Center to the Urban Environmental Lab .
go through 219 Bowen to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go through William Goddard Memorial Gate to the East Side Station Post Office .
go through Horace Mann House to the 111 Brown Street North House .
go through Peter Green House to the Lincoln Field Building .
go through P-131317 to the New Pembroke 3 .
go through Sayles Hall to the Alumnae Hall .
go through Wayland to the Soban .
go through New Pembroke 4 to the Idee di pietra .
go through Soban to the College Green .
go through Wayland to the New Pembroke 4 .
go through Blue State Coffee to the Sharpe Refectory .
go through Manning to the CVS .
go through New Pembroke 4 to the Friedman Hall .
go through Hope College to the Thayer and Cushing .
go through Urban Environmental Lab to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go through J.W. Wilson to the Peter Green House .
go through Sayles Hall to the New Pembroke 4 .
go through Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity to the New Pembroke 1 .
go through Slavery Memorial to the Biomedical Center .
go through Peter Green House to the Caswell Hall .
go through Hegeman to the Soban .
go through Thayer and Meeting to the Simmons Quadrangle .
go through Biomedical Center to the Robinson Gate .
go through Spiritus Fermenti to the Barus Building .
go through Salon Persia to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go through Thayer and Cushing to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go through J. R. Workman Garden to the Maxcy Hall .
go through Mencoff Hall to the New Pembroke 1 .
go through Lot 76 to the Granoff Center .
go through Brown Bear to the Supercuts .
go through 219 Bowen to the The Ivy Room .
go through Lot 17 to the Hillel House .
go through Marston Hall to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go through Facing Thayer to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go through College Hill Bookstore to the Finlandia .
go through Sidney Frank Hall to the College Green .
go through Mencoff Hall to the Second Time Around .
go through Second Time Around to the Wriston Quad .
go through Pleasant Surprises to the Brown Bear .
go through Campus Market to the 164 Angel .
go through Hillel House to the Citizen's Bank .
go through West House to the Marston Hall .
go through Class of 1887 Gate to the Metcalf Hall .
go through Blue Room to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go through New Pembroke 3 to the Citizen's Bank .
go through Starbucks to the Emery Hall .
go through Morriss Hall to the Slavery Memorial .
go through 219 Bowen to the Maxcy Hall .
go through Maxcy Hall to the West House .
go through Brown University Bookstore to the John Carter Brown Library .
go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences through East Side Station Post Office
go to the Hillel House through Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority through Brown University Bookstore
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity through Miller Hall
go to the New Pembroke 3 through Lippit House
go to the Hegeman through Champlin Hall
go to the Alumnae Hall through John Nicholas Brown Gate
go to the Arnold Laboratory through Pembroke Hall
go to the College Hill Bookstore through Sayles Hall
go to the Maxcy Hall through Sidney Frank Hall
go to the Miller Hall through J.W. Wilson
go to the College Green through 164 Angel
go to the Van Wickle Gates through Granoff Center
go to the Andrews Terrace through Hope College
go to the Supercuts through Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop
go to the Idee di pietra through New Pembroke 2
go to the Metcalf Hall through Walter Hall
go to the Lot 18 through New Pembroke 2
go to the Friedman Hall through Peter Green House
go to the New Pembroke 4 through Rhode Island Hall
go to the 67 George through New Pembroke 2
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall through Marcus Aurelius
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity through Sidney Frank Hall
go to the Metcalf Hall through Slavery Memorial
go to the Faunce House through Morriss Hall
go to the Hillel House through P-131317
go to the J.W. Wilson through 164 Angel
go to the J.W. Wilson through Meeting Street Cafe
go to the Miller Hall through The Ivy Room
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color through Thayer and Cushing
go to the Caswell Hall through Hillel House
go to the Barus Building through Miller Hall
go to the List Art Building through Granoff Center
go to the Emery Hall through Watson Center for Information Technology
go to the Sharpe Refectory through Sharpe House
go to the Pembroke Park through Walter Hall
go to the Second Time Around through Untitled Lamp/Bear
go to the Quiet Green through Granoff Center
go to the Sharpe House through Quiet Green
go to the West House through Friedman Hall
go to the J.W. Wilson through College Hill Bookstore
go to the Sharpe Refectory through Granoff Center
go to the Second Time Around through Marcus Aurelius
go to the Meeting Street Cafe through Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority through New Pembroke 3
go to the Brown Bear through Supercuts
go to the Pleasant Surprises through John Nicholas Brown Gate
go to the Casey Shearer Memorial through Soban
go to the 219 Bowen through Minden Hall
go to the Sidney Frank Hall through Rockefeller Library
go to the New Pembroke 2 through Norwood House
go to the 86 Waterman  through Thayer and Cushing
go to the Thayer and Cushing through Hope College
go to the West House through BERT
go to the Van Wickle Gates through Hillel House
go to the Faunce House through Sidney Frank Hall
go to the New Pembroke 1 through University Hall
go to the New Pembroke 3 through Campus Market
go to the Horace Mann House through Avon Cinema
go to the Blue State Coffee through Carrie Tower
go through Verney-Woolley Hall before going to the Brown University .
go through Andrews Hall before going to the Rockefeller Library .
go through BERT before going to the Emery & Wooley .
go through Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences before going to the New Pembroke 2 .
go through 86 Waterman  before going to the J. R. Workman Garden .
go through Pembroke Park before going to the Campus Market .
go through Berk's;Shanghai before going to the John Carter Brown Library .
go through Idee di pietra before going to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go through Blue State Coffee before going to the BERT .
go through Pembroke Park before going to the Wilbour Hall .
go through Andrews Terrace before going to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go through Van Wickle Gates before going to the Andreas .
go through Van Wickle Gates before going to the Pleasant Surprises .
go through Pembroke Park before going to the Blue Room .
go through Brown University before going to the Granoff Center .
go through Rockefeller Library before going to the Miller Hall .
go through The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ before going to the Soban .
go through Lot 76 before going to the CVS .
go through Watson Center for Information Technology before going to the 219 Bowen .
go through Finlandia before going to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
go through John Hay Library before going to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go through Brown University Bookstore before going to the Friedman Hall .
go through John Hay Library before going to the Andreas .
go through New Pembroke 4 before going to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
go through Rockefeller Library before going to the Soban .
go through Biomedical Center before going to the Metcalf Research Building .
go through Slavery Memorial before going to the Second Time Around .
go through Lot 17 before going to the New Pembroke 1 .
go through Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop before going to the Champlin Hall .
go through 219 Bowen before going to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go through Andreas before going to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go through New Pembroke 4 before going to the Faunce House .
go through Thayer and Cushing before going to the Prince Engineering Lab .
go through New Pembroke 1 before going to the Brown Bear .
go through Andreas before going to the Robinson Hall .
go through Metcalf Hall before going to the Marcus Aurelius .
go through Barus Building before going to the Emery & Wooley .
go through Carrie Tower before going to the West House .
go through Avon Cinema before going to the Finlandia .
go through Salon Persia before going to the Brown Bear .
go through 67 George before going to the Andreas .
go through 111 Brown Street North House before going to the Maxcy Green .
go through Blue State Coffee before going to the Lyman Hall .
go through New Pembroke 4 before going to the Horace Mann House .
go through The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ before going to the Facing Thayer .
go through Rockefeller Library before going to the East Side Station Post Office .
go through Soban before going to the Maxcy Hall .
go through Marcus Aurelius before going to the Berk's;Shanghai .
go through Brown Bear before going to the J. R. Workman Garden .
go through Brown Bear before going to the Pembroke Park .
go through BERT before going to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
go through Van Wickle Gates before going to the CVS .
go through Thayer and Cushing before going to the Horace Mann House .
go through 219 Bowen before going to the Prince Engineering Lab .
go through Wayland before going to the Andrews Hall .
go through Sears before going to the 111 Brown Street North House .
go through Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building before going to the Quiet Green .
go through Horace Mann House before going to the CVS .
go through 86 Waterman  before going to the East Side Station Post Office .
move to the Smith Buonanno Hall but go through Hope College first .
move to the New Pembroke 3 but go through College Green first .
move to the Slater Hall but go through Andrews Terrace first .
move to the Metcalf Hall but go through Van Wickle Gates first .
move to the J.W. Wilson but go through Granoff Center first .
move to the 164 Angel but go through Hope College first .
move to the Thayer and Meeting but go through Blue Room first .
move to the Casey Shearer Memorial but go through Granoff Center first .
move to the Andrews Hall but go through Marcus Aurelius first .
move to the Biomedical Center but go through 86 Waterman  first .
move to the Pembroke Hall but go through Marcus Aurelius first .
move to the Sidney Frank Hall but go through Finlandia first .
move to the Horace Mann House but go through Supercuts first .
move to the Sears but go through 164 Angel first .
move to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences but go through Peter Green House first .
move to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop but go through New Pembroke 2 first .
move to the Brown Bear but go through New Pembroke 3 first .
move to the Champlin Hall but go through Maddock Alumni  first .
move to the Granoff Center but go through The Ivy Room first .
move to the Idee di pietra but go through Verney-Woolley Hall first .
move to the Simmons Quadrangle but go through CVS first .
move to the Hope College but go through Champlin Hall first .
move to the Berk's;Shanghai but go through Barus Building first .
move to the Pleasant Surprises but go through The Ivy Room first .
move to the Soldiers Memorial Gate but go through Brown University Bookstore first .
move to the Finlandia but go through College Hill Bookstore first .
move to the Starbucks but go through Facing Thayer first .
move to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ but go through Supercuts first .
move to the Verney-Woolley Hall but go through Maxcy Hall first .
move to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences but go through Brown University Bookstore first .
move to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ but go through 219 Bowen first .
move to the College Hill Bookstore but go through Manning first .
move to the Thayer and Meeting but go through Van Wickle Gates first .
move to the List Art Building but go through Soban first .
move to the Sidney Frank Hall but go through Minden Hall first .
move to the Prince Engineering Lab but go through College Hill Bookstore first .
move to the Untitled Lamp/Bear but go through Pleasant Surprises first .
move to the Sharpe Refectory but go through New Pembroke 3 first .
move to the Watson Center for Information Technology but go through Thayer and Cushing first .
move to the Metcalf Research Building but go through Thayer and Meeting first .
move to the Shirley Miller House but go through Brown University Bookstore first .
move to the Sidney Frank Hall but go through Maxcy Green first .
move to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority but go through West House first .
move to the John Hay Library but go through Pleasant Surprises first .
move to the Andreas but go through War Memorial first .
move to the Alumnae Hall but go through The Ivy Room first .
move to the Morriss Hall but go through Soldiers Memorial Gate first .
move to the Thayer and Cushing but go through Rockefeller Library first .
move to the Facing Thayer but go through Brown Center for Students of Color first .
move to the Wilbour Hall but go through College Hill Bookstore first .
move to the Blue Room but go through Meeting Street Cafe first .
move to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate but go through CVS first .
move to the Andrews Hall but go through Hughes Court first .
move to the Sidney Frank Hall but go through College Green first .
move to the Gardner House but go through Peter Green House first .
move to the Supercuts but go through John Nicholas Brown Gate first .
navigate through Sidney Frank Hall to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
navigate through Andrews Terrace to the Hope College .
navigate through Blue Room to the Metcalf Hall .
navigate through Littlefield Hall to the Andrews Hall .
navigate through Shirley Miller House to the Thayer and Cushing .
navigate through Lot 17 to the College Hill Bookstore .
navigate through New Pembroke 3 to the Friedman Hall .
navigate through College Green to the New Pembroke 3 .
navigate through Second Time Around to the Shirley Miller House .
navigate through 164 Angel to the Gardner House .
navigate through Mencoff Hall to the Berk's;Shanghai .
navigate through Campus Market to the 164 Angel .
navigate through Van Wickle Gates to the Emery & Wooley .
navigate through Smith Buonanno Hall to the Idee di pietra .
navigate through Thayer and Cushing to the 67 George .
navigate through Avon Cinema to the Lot 17 .
navigate through Andreas to the Sayles Hall .
navigate through Emery & Wooley to the Barus Building .
navigate through New Pembroke 1 to the Hope College .
navigate through Morgan Witter Rogers Gate to the New Pembroke 3 .
navigate through Salon Persia to the Maxcy Hall .
navigate through 164 Angel to the Sayles Hall .
navigate through Hillel House to the Wriston Quad .
navigate through Peter Green House to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
navigate through Marston Hall to the Miller Hall .
navigate through Emery & Wooley to the Gardner House .
navigate through Prospect House to the Champlin Hall .
navigate through John Carter Brown Library to the College Hill Bookstore .
navigate through Morriss Hall to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
navigate through Andrews Terrace to the List Art Building .
navigate through John Hay Library to the Spiritus Fermenti .
navigate through Second Time Around to the Saint Stephens Church .
navigate through Blue State Coffee to the Lyman Hall .
navigate through Prince Engineering Lab to the Emery & Wooley .
navigate through Pleasant Surprises to the College Green .
navigate through Slavery Memorial to the Sidney Frank Hall .
navigate through Sidney Frank Hall to the P-131317 .
navigate through Salon Persia to the Mencoff Hall .
navigate through 67 George to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
navigate through Berk's;Shanghai to the Rhode Island Hall .
navigate through New Pembroke 4 to the Friedman Hall .
navigate through Pleasant Surprises to the Brown University .
navigate through Thayer and Meeting to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
navigate through New Pembroke 1 to the University Hall .
navigate through 164 Angel to the John Hay Library .
navigate through Emery Hall to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
navigate through Verney-Woolley Hall to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
navigate through Hope College to the New Pembroke 4 .
navigate through Van Wickle Gates to the Alumnae Hall .
navigate through Hope College to the Peter Green House .
navigate through Andrews Terrace to the Maxcy Green .
navigate through Salomon Center for Teaching to the 164 Angel .
navigate through Meeting Street Cafe to the Van Wickle Gates .
navigate through College Hill Bookstore to the Faunce House .
navigate through Spiritus Fermenti to the Marston Hall .
navigate through New Pembroke 2 to the Marston Hall .
navigate through East Side Station Post Office to the BERT .
navigate through Sharpe House to the Slater Hall .
navigate through Lincoln Field Building to the Pleasant Surprises .
go to 164 Angel and then go to the Littlefield Hall .
go to Hillel House and then go to the Hughes Court .
go to Prince Engineering Lab and then go to the 111 Brown Street North House .
go to Lincoln Field Building and then go to the Andrews Hall .
go to Marston Hall and then go to the Spiritus Fermenti .
go to Sears and then go to the Supercuts .
go to Hillel House and then go to the Lot 18 .
go to Kassar House and then go to the Morriss Hall .
go to 164 Angel and then go to the College Green .
go to Brown University Sciences Library and then go to the Berk's;Shanghai .
go to Brown University Bookstore and then go to the Lot 76 .
go to Avon Cinema and then go to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to Andrews Hall and then go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to Robinson Hall and then go to the New Pembroke 3 .
go to Blue State Coffee and then go to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to Facing Thayer and then go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to New Pembroke 1 and then go to the Arnold Laboratory .
go to West House and then go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to List Art Building and then go to the Avon Cinema .
go to Facing Thayer and then go to the P-131317 .
go to Marcus Aurelius and then go to the Pembroke Park .
go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ and then go to the Peter Green House .
go to J.W. Wilson and then go to the West House .
go to University Hall and then go to the Andreas .
go to Campus Market and then go to the Andrews Terrace .
go to P-131317 and then go to the Facing Thayer .
go to BERT and then go to the CVS .
go to Brown University Sciences Library and then go to the Salon Persia .
go to Rockefeller Library and then go to the Pembroke Hall .
go to CVS and then go to the Sears .
go to Minden Hall and then go to the Biomedical Center .
go to Salon Persia and then go to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to Berk's;Shanghai and then go to the Brown University Sciences Library .
go to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building and then go to the Rockefeller Library .
go to Carrie Tower and then go to the Facing Thayer .
go to Sayles Hall and then go to the Second Time Around .
go to J.W. Wilson and then go to the Sharpe House .
go to Blue State Coffee and then go to the Hughes Court .
go to Sayles Hall and then go to the Thayer and Meeting .
go to Facing Thayer and then go to the Sears .
go to Wriston Quad and then go to the Thayer and Meeting .
go to Brown University and then go to the Blue State Coffee .
go to Second Time Around and then go to the 67 George .
go to Lot 17 and then go to the J. R. Workman Garden .
go to Meeting Street Cafe and then go to the Campus Market .
go to Shirley Miller House and then go to the Blue State Coffee .
go to Pembroke Hall and then go to the Hegeman .
go to John Hay Library and then go to the CVS .
go to J.W. Wilson and then go to the 219 Bowen .
go to Soldiers Memorial Gate and then go to the Brown University Bookstore .
go to Biomedical Center and then go to the Hope College .
go to Sears and then go to the New Pembroke 2 .
go to Manning and then go to the Facing Thayer .
go to Hillel House and then go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to Lot 76 and then go to the Brown University Bookstore .
go to Miller Hall and then go to the 86 Waterman  .
go to Sidney Frank Hall and then go to the Idee di pietra .
go to Biomedical Center and then go to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to Biomedical Center and then go to the J.W. Wilson .
go to Avon Cinema and then go to the John Carter Brown Library .
go to Second Time Around and then go to the Caswell Hall .
go to Rockefeller Library and then go to the College Hill Bookstore .
go to Emery Hall and then go to the 67 George .
go to Blue State Coffee and then go to the Wriston Quad .
go to Thayer and Cushing and then go to the Lyman Hall .
go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority and then go to the West House .
go to Kassar House and then go to the Miller Hall .
go to Brown Center for Students of Color and then go to the Thayer and Cushing .
go to New Pembroke 1 and then go to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to 111 Brown Street North House and then go to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to Lot 17 and then go to the Avon Cinema .
go to Soban and then go to the Shirley Miller House .
go to Prospect House and then go to the Pembroke Park .
go to Circle Dance Sculpture and then go to the Salon Persia .
go to Marston Hall and then go to the Spiritus Fermenti .
go to Wayland and then go to the Emery Hall .
go to Blue Room and then go to the Andreas .
go to 111 Brown Street North House and then go to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall and then go to the Avon Cinema .
go to Faunce House and then go to the New Pembroke 1 .
go to Sharpe Refectory and then go to the CVS .
go to Second Time Around and then go to the 86 Waterman  .
go to West House and then go to the Sharpe Refectory .
go to CVS and then go to the Saint Stephens Church .
go to List Art Building and then go to the Champlin Hall .
go to 164 Angel and then go to the Wilbour Hall .
go to Brown University Sciences Library and then go to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to East Side Station Post Office and then go to the Class of 1887 Gate .
go to Maxcy Hall and then go to the J. R. Workman Garden .
go to Salon Persia and then go to the Wriston Quad .
go to Slater Hall and then go to the New Pembroke 4 .
go to New Pembroke 2 and then go to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to Supercuts and then go to the Brown University Sciences Library .
go to Arnold Laboratory and then go to the College Hill Bookstore .
go to Lot 17 and then go to the Blue State Coffee .
go to William Goddard Memorial Gate and then go to the Thayer and Meeting .
go to Sidney Frank Hall and then go to the Lincoln Field Building .
go to John Hay Library and then go to the New Pembroke 1 .
go to William Goddard Memorial Gate and then go to the Berk's;Shanghai .
go to West House and then go to the 86 Waterman  .
go to Marston Hall and then go to the Champlin Hall .
go to Maxcy Hall and then go to the West House .
go to Brown Bear and then go to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate and then go to the Biomedical Center .
go to Miller Hall and then go to the Quiet Green .
go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop and then go to the Supercuts .
go to Lincoln Field Building and then go to the Metcalf Hall .
go to Class of 1872 Gate and then go to the West House .
go to Verney-Woolley Hall and then go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to Kassar House and then go to the Morriss Hall .
go to Maddock Alumni  and then go to the Biomedical Center .
go to Avon Cinema and then go to the Saint Stephens Church .
go to Robinson Hall and then go to the Meeting Street Cafe .
go to the Faunce House through 219 Bowen .
go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology through Brown University Bookstore .
go to the Andrews Terrace through Lot 76 .
go to the War Memorial through Pleasant Surprises .
go to the Van Wickle Gates through New Pembroke 2 .
go to the 219 Bowen through Class of 1887 Gate .
go to the Thayer and Cushing through Mencoff Hall .
go to the Andreas through University Hall .
go to the Class of 1872 Gate through Alumnae Hall .
go to the Shirley Miller House through Sharpe House .
go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate through Berk's;Shanghai .
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority through Morriss Hall .
go to the Supercuts through Norwood House .
go to the Salon Persia through Robinson Hall .
go to the Metcalf Research Building through Pembroke Hall .
go to the New Pembroke 3 through BERT .
go to the Campus Market through Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to the Sears through Second Time Around .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall through Van Wickle Gates .
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall through Facing Thayer .
go to the Carrie Tower through Hillel House .
go to the Circle Dance Sculpture through Second Time Around .
go to the Manning through Biomedical Center .
go to the New Pembroke 4 through J.W. Wilson .
go to the Idee di pietra through New Pembroke 3 .
go to the John Hay Library through Thayer and Meeting .
go to the Van Wickle Gates through Salon Persia .
go to the Hughes Court through Supercuts .
go to the Lot 76 through Second Time Around .
go to the Sharpe Refectory through CVS .
go to the Sears through Meeting Street Cafe .
go to the The Ivy Room through Sharpe House .
go to the West House through Lippit House .
go to the 219 Bowen through Metcalf Research Building .
go to the Miller Hall through Slater Hall .
go to the Lincoln Field Building through Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to the Marston Hall through Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the New Pembroke 1 through Maddock Alumni  .
go to the Champlin Hall through Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to the Meeting Street Cafe through Class of 1872 Gate .
go to the Supercuts through Prince Engineering Lab .
go to the Andrews Terrace through BERT .
go to the Pleasant Surprises through Simmons Quadrangle .
go to the Salon Persia through Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Lot 17 through Berk's;Shanghai .
go to the J. R. Workman Garden through Campus Market .
go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology through Andreas .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall through Brown Bear .
go to the Circle Dance Sculpture through Second Time Around .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall through Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to the Emery & Wooley through Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to the New Pembroke 1 through Blue Room .
go to the Manning through 164 Angel .
go to the Hughes Court through Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to the West House through Kassar House .
go to the Andrews Hall through Wriston Quad .
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall through Faunce House .
go to the College Green through Emery Hall .
move to the 67 George , travelling through Sharpe House .
move to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity , travelling through Morriss Hall .
move to the West House , travelling through Maxcy Green .
move to the West House , travelling through Citizen's Bank .
move to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building , travelling through War Memorial .
move to the 219 Bowen , travelling through Walter Hall .
move to the Hope College , travelling through Thayer and Cushing .
move to the Andrews Hall , travelling through Faunce House .
move to the New Pembroke 3 , travelling through Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
move to the Sidney Frank Hall , travelling through Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
move to the Wayland , travelling through Pembroke Park .
move to the Supercuts , travelling through Norwood House .
move to the Andreas , travelling through BERT .
move to the Andrews Terrace , travelling through Maddock Alumni  .
move to the Swearer Center for Public Service , travelling through New Pembroke 4 .
move to the Metcalf Research Building , travelling through Granoff Center .
move to the Carrie Tower , travelling through Meeting Street Cafe .
move to the Metcalf Hall , travelling through Barus Building .
move to the Maxcy Hall , travelling through 111 Brown Street North House .
move to the Brown University Sciences Library , travelling through College Hill Bookstore .
move to the Wayland , travelling through Emery & Wooley .
move to the Finlandia , travelling through New Pembroke 2 .
move to the 111 Brown Street North House , travelling through 86 Waterman  .
move to the Manning , travelling through College Hill Bookstore .
move to the Pembroke Hall , travelling through Norwood House .
move to the Emery & Wooley , travelling through Slater Hall .
move to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building , travelling through Brown University .
move to the Spiritus Fermenti , travelling through Robinson Hall .
move to the Barus Building , travelling through Facing Thayer .
move to the Minden Hall , travelling through 111 Brown Street North House .
move to the Brown University Bookstore , travelling through The Ivy Room .
move to the Brown Bear , travelling through College Hill Bookstore .
move to the Lot 18 , travelling through Emery Hall .
move to the Rockefeller Library , travelling through Sidney Frank Hall .
move to the New Pembroke 1 , travelling through Simmons Quadrangle .
move to the Alumnae Hall , travelling through Brown Center for Students of Color .
move to the Salon Persia , travelling through Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
move to the Class of 1872 Gate , travelling through Sidney Frank Hall .
move to the Biomedical Center , travelling through J.W. Wilson .
move to the Salomon Center for Teaching , travelling through Miller Hall .
move to the Alumnae Hall , travelling through Slavery Memorial .
move to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences , travelling through Verney-Woolley Hall .
move to the Pleasant Surprises , travelling through Walter Hall .
move to the Brown University Sciences Library , travelling through Pembroke Hall .
move to the John Carter Brown Library , travelling through Peter Green House .
move to the Blue State Coffee , travelling through Hegeman .
move to the Supercuts , travelling through Caswell Hall .
move to the Faunce House , travelling through Miller Hall .
move to the Smith Buonanno Hall , travelling through Medical Research Lab .
move to the New Pembroke 1 , travelling through John Hay Library .
pass through Marston Hall before going to the College Hill Bookstore .
pass through Blue State Coffee before going to the The Ivy Room .
pass through Pembroke Park before going to the Caswell Hall .
pass through Mencoff Hall before going to the Peter Green House .
pass through Campus Market before going to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
pass through Carrie Tower before going to the Alumnae Hall .
pass through Pleasant Surprises before going to the P-131317 .
pass through Rockefeller Library before going to the Pembroke Hall .
pass through Pleasant Surprises before going to the Arnold Laboratory .
pass through William Goddard Memorial Gate before going to the 219 Bowen .
pass through Lyman Hall before going to the New Pembroke 1 .
pass through Second Time Around before going to the Lincoln Field Building .
pass through Thayer and Meeting before going to the Lot 18 .
pass through Spiritus Fermenti before going to the Marston Hall .
pass through Morriss Hall before going to the Wilbour Hall .
pass through Morriss Hall before going to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
pass through Thayer and Cushing before going to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
pass through Blue State Coffee before going to the Slater Hall .
pass through Emery & Wooley before going to the Brown Bear .
pass through Emery Hall before going to the Rhode Island Hall .
pass through Soban before going to the Arnold Laboratory .
pass through College Hill Bookstore before going to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
pass through Salomon Center for Teaching before going to the Spiritus Fermenti .
pass through Morriss Hall before going to the Kassar House .
pass through J. R. Workman Garden before going to the Shirley Miller House .
pass through Blue Room before going to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
pass through The Ivy Room before going to the Pembroke Park .
pass through Champlin Hall before going to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
pass through Miller Hall before going to the Wriston Quad .
pass through New Pembroke 1 before going to the Minden Hall .
pass through 164 Angel before going to the Medical Research Lab .
pass through Brown Center for Students of Color before going to the CVS .
pass through New Pembroke 3 before going to the Wriston Quad .
pass through Slater Hall before going to the Sidney Frank Hall .
pass through Swearer Center for Public Service before going to the College Hill Bookstore .
pass through Soban before going to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
pass through Soldiers Memorial Gate before going to the Meeting Street Cafe .
pass through Emery & Wooley before going to the Class of 1887 Gate .
pass through Wayland before going to the Sharpe House .
pass through Sharpe House before going to the Marston Hall .
pass through Manning before going to the Berk's;Shanghai .
pass through New Pembroke 4 before going to the John Hay Library .
pass through College Green before going to the Pembroke Park .
pass through Brown University before going to the Hillel House .
pass through College Hill Bookstore before going to the Barus Building .
pass through Biomedical Center before going to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
pass through Wilbour Hall before going to the Emery & Wooley .
pass through College Hill Bookstore before going to the Lincoln Field Building .
pass through Brown University Bookstore before going to the Idee di pietra .
pass through Idee di pietra before going to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
pass through Salon Persia on your way to the Brown Bear .
pass through The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ on your way to the Avon Cinema .
pass through Faunce House on your way to the Brown University Bookstore .
pass through College Hill Bookstore on your way to the Brown University .
pass through Robinson Hall on your way to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
pass through Untitled Lamp/Bear on your way to the Granoff Center .
pass through Sharpe Refectory on your way to the New Pembroke 3 .
pass through John Hay Library on your way to the Blue State Coffee .
pass through Andrews Terrace on your way to the Hegeman .
pass through Finlandia on your way to the Facing Thayer .
pass through Morriss Hall on your way to the Marcus Aurelius .
pass through New Pembroke 3 on your way to the Van Wickle Gates .
pass through Idee di pietra on your way to the J. R. Workman Garden .
pass through Prince Engineering Lab on your way to the 111 Brown Street North House .
pass through John Nicholas Brown Gate on your way to the Granoff Center .
pass through Minden Hall on your way to the Emery Hall .
pass through John Hay Library on your way to the Brown University Bookstore .
pass through Saint Stephens Church on your way to the Facing Thayer .
pass through Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building on your way to the Littlefield Hall .
pass through West House on your way to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
pass through Morriss Hall on your way to the University Hall .
pass through Saint Stephens Church on your way to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
pass through New Pembroke 4 on your way to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
pass through Alumnae Hall on your way to the Sears .
pass through CVS on your way to the Medical Research Lab .
pass through Lincoln Field Building on your way to the Spiritus Fermenti .
pass through Second Time Around on your way to the Robinson Gate .
pass through New Pembroke 1 on your way to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
pass through Maxcy Green on your way to the Facing Thayer .
pass through Second Time Around on your way to the Horace Mann House .
pass through Soldiers Memorial Gate on your way to the Emery Hall .
pass through Second Time Around on your way to the War Memorial .
pass through Maxcy Hall on your way to the Berk's;Shanghai .
pass through John Nicholas Brown Gate on your way to the Sidney Frank Hall .
pass through Champlin Hall on your way to the Slater Hall .
pass through Robinson Gate on your way to the Pleasant Surprises .
pass through Pembroke Park on your way to the Sharpe Refectory .
pass through Maxcy Green on your way to the Andrews Terrace .
pass through Andrews Terrace on your way to the Sharpe Refectory .
pass through CVS on your way to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
pass through Gardner House on your way to the Sharpe House .
pass through Champlin Hall on your way to the Gardner House .
pass through Thayer and Cushing on your way to the Metcalf Research Building .
pass through Sidney Frank Hall on your way to the List Art Building .
pass through Arnold Laboratory on your way to the Thayer and Meeting .
pass through Lot 17 on your way to the Champlin Hall .
pass through John Hay Library on your way to the Miller Hall .
pass through Smith Buonanno Hall on your way to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
pass through Watson Center for Information Technology on your way to the Andrews Hall .
pass through William Goddard Memorial Gate on your way to the Champlin Hall .
pass through Hillel House on your way to the Idee di pietra .
go through Meeting Street Cafe and then to the Arnold Laboratory .
go through Slater Hall and then to the Miller Hall .
go through Salon Persia and then to the Urban Environmental Lab .
go through Kassar House and then to the Pembroke Park .
go through Berk's;Shanghai and then to the Walter Hall .
go through Alpha Chi Omega Sorority and then to the Biomedical Center .
go through College Hill Bookstore and then to the Caswell Hall .
go through Biomedical Center and then to the Starbucks .
go through Simmons Quadrangle and then to the 164 Angel .
go through Biomedical Center and then to the List Art Building .
go through 111 Brown Street North House and then to the Class of 1872 Gate .
go through Soban and then to the J.W. Wilson .
go through Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences and then to the Facing Thayer .
go through Prospect House and then to the Andrews Terrace .
go through John Hay Library and then to the CVS .
go through Brown University Bookstore and then to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go through Meeting Street Cafe and then to the Campus Market .
go through Sharpe Refectory and then to the Metcalf Hall .
go through Caswell Hall and then to the J. R. Workman Garden .
go through Sidney Frank Hall and then to the Norwood House .
go through Blue Room and then to the Miller Hall .
go through 164 Angel and then to the Horace Mann House .
go through Sidney Frank Hall and then to the Maxcy Hall .
go through Meeting Street Cafe and then to the Kassar House .
go through Sharpe Refectory and then to the College Hill Bookstore .
go through The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ and then to the Blue State Coffee .
go through Alpha Chi Omega Sorority and then to the Berk's;Shanghai .
go through Thayer and Meeting and then to the Slater Hall .
go through Brown Bear and then to the Thayer and Meeting .
go through New Pembroke 3 and then to the Lyman Hall .
go through Starbucks and then to the Andreas .
go through Brown Bear and then to the 219 Bowen .
go through East Side Station Post Office and then to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
go through Champlin Hall and then to the Lot 76 .
go through Miller Hall and then to the 67 George .
go through John Hay Library and then to the College Hill Bookstore .
go through Supercuts and then to the Van Wickle Gates .
go through Emery & Wooley and then to the Walter Hall .
go through Hughes Court and then to the Peter Green House .
go through New Pembroke 2 and then to the Arnold Laboratory .
go through Kassar House and then to the Second Time Around .
go through Emery & Wooley and then to the 67 George .
go through Pleasant Surprises and then to the Maddock Alumni  .
go through Sidney Frank Hall and then to the Wilbour Hall .
go through Sidney Frank Hall and then to the Marcus Aurelius .
go through Prospect House and then to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
go through Mencoff Hall and then to the Andrews Terrace .
go through Maddock Alumni  and then to the New Pembroke 1 .
go through J. R. Workman Garden and then to the Wayland .
go through Prospect House and then to the Andrews Terrace .
go through New Pembroke 4 and then to the Norwood House .
go through Pembroke Hall and then to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go through New Pembroke 4 to the Arnold Laboratory .
go through Blue State Coffee to the J.W. Wilson .
go through Soldiers Memorial Gate to the Pembroke Hall .
go through Morriss Hall to the P-131317 .
go through Slavery Memorial to the Hillel House .
go through Robinson Gate to the Second Time Around .
go through Biomedical Center to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go through Miller Hall to the Starbucks .
go through Sidney Frank Hall to the Quiet Green .
go through Lot 18 to the Emery & Wooley .
go through Morriss Hall to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
go through Horace Mann House to the East Side Station Post Office .
go through Soban to the John Hay Library .
go through Brown University to the Pembroke Park .
go through Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences to the Alumnae Hall .
go through Facing Thayer to the Brown University Sciences Library .
go through Saint Stephens Church to the Blue State Coffee .
go through New Pembroke 3 to the List Art Building .
go through 164 Angel to the Slater Hall .
go through Robinson Hall to the Pembroke Park .
go through Robinson Gate to the Blue State Coffee .
go through Carrie Tower to the Pleasant Surprises .
go through Peter Green House to the Class of 1872 Gate .
go through The Ivy Room to the West House .
go through Pleasant Surprises to the Prospect House .
go through Andrews Hall to the Van Wickle Gates .
go through J. R. Workman Garden to the Robinson Hall .
go through Brown University Bookstore to the Slater Hall .
go through New Pembroke 3 to the List Art Building .
go through Circle Dance Sculpture to the Second Time Around .
go through Miller Hall to the Prince Engineering Lab .
go through Watson Center for Information Technology to the Thayer and Cushing .
go through Caswell Hall to the Pembroke Hall .
go through Pembroke Park to the Wayland .
go through Andreas to the Sears .
go through Granoff Center to the John Carter Brown Library .
go through New Pembroke 2 to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go through Wriston Quad to the Champlin Hall .
go through Marcus Aurelius to the 164 Angel .
go through P-131317 to the 164 Angel .
go through Supercuts to the Prince Engineering Lab .
go through West House to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go through Metcalf Hall to the Sharpe Refectory .
go through 111 Brown Street North House to the Walter Hall .
go through Thayer and Meeting to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go through Circle Dance Sculpture to the 111 Brown Street North House .
go through 164 Angel to the Arnold Laboratory .
go through Facing Thayer to the 86 Waterman  .
go through Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity to the New Pembroke 3 .
go through Shirley Miller House to the Peter Green House .
go through Champlin Hall to the Van Wickle Gates .
go through Wilbour Hall to the Alumnae Hall .
go through Brown Bear to the West House .
go through Alumnae Hall to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go through Brown University to the East Side Station Post Office .
go through Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop to the Avon Cinema .
go through Maxcy Green to the Supercuts .
go through New Pembroke 2 to the Manning .
go through Casey Shearer Memorial to the Spiritus Fermenti .
go through West House to the Wilbour Hall .
go through Avon Cinema to the 67 George .
go through Facing Thayer to the Van Wickle Gates .
go through Avon Cinema to the Littlefield Hall .
go through Andrews Terrace to the Lot 17 .
go through Citizen's Bank to the West House .
go through Mencoff Hall to the J. R. Workman Garden .
go through Granoff Center to the Arnold Laboratory .
go through New Pembroke 2 to the Marcus Aurelius .
go through Medical Research Lab to the Brown University Bookstore .
go through Pembroke Hall to the Friedman Hall .
go through Sidney Frank Hall to the P-131317 .
go through Class of 1887 Gate to the Salon Persia .
go through Wayland to the West House .
go through Metcalf Hall to the Quiet Green .
go through Brown University Bookstore to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go through P-131317 to the New Pembroke 4 .
go through Sidney Frank Hall to the University Hall .
go through College Green to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go through Slater Hall to the 164 Angel .
go through Granoff Center to the Marston Hall .
go through University Hall to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go through Pembroke Park to the Van Wickle Gates .
go through Emery & Wooley to the Sharpe Refectory .
go through Blue State Coffee to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go through New Pembroke 3 to the Simmons Quadrangle .
go through Sayles Hall to the Supercuts .
go through Saint Stephens Church to the East Side Station Post Office .
go through Salon Persia to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go through List Art Building to the Alumnae Hall .
go through CVS to the Maxcy Hall .
go through Brown University Bookstore to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go through Miller Hall to the Brown Bear .
go through Prince Engineering Lab to the Peter Green House .
go through Emery & Wooley to the List Art Building .
go through J. R. Workman Garden to the BERT .
go through West House to the Littlefield Hall .
go through 219 Bowen to the Rockefeller Library .
go through Manning to the Supercuts .
go through Biomedical Center to the Manning .
go through Lippit House to the Thayer and Cushing .
go through Meeting Street Cafe to the Class of 1872 Gate .
go through Morgan Witter Rogers Gate to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go through Salon Persia to the Urban Environmental Lab .
go through West House to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go through Salon Persia to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go through Brown University to the Supercuts .
go through Carrie Tower to the Peter Green House .
go through Alumnae Hall to the Brown University Sciences Library .
go through Facing Thayer to the List Art Building .
go through Andrews Hall to the Maddock Alumni  .
go to the Hillel House by going through Marston Hall .
go to the Blue State Coffee by going through Carrie Tower .
go to the Blue State Coffee by going through Shirley Miller House .
go to the 219 Bowen by going through University Hall .
go to the Hillel House by going through Friedman Hall .
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology by going through Emery Hall .
go to the New Pembroke 4 by going through Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to the New Pembroke 4 by going through Marston Hall .
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall by going through Lot 17 .
go to the Spiritus Fermenti by going through Urban Environmental Lab .
go to the Soban by going through Slavery Memorial .
go to the Horace Mann House by going through J. R. Workman Garden .
go to the Van Wickle Gates by going through Hillel House .
go to the Starbucks by going through Blue State Coffee .
go to the Berk's;Shanghai by going through Brown Bear .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall by going through Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to the Lippit House by going through Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the New Pembroke 1 by going through Sayles Hall .
go to the New Pembroke 3 by going through John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to the Metcalf Hall by going through University Hall .
go to the Lot 17 by going through J. R. Workman Garden .
go to the 86 Waterman  by going through Pembroke Park .
go to the Brown Bear by going through Thayer and Meeting .
go to the Emery Hall by going through Sharpe Refectory .
go to the Metcalf Research Building by going through 219 Bowen .
go to the Biomedical Center by going through J.W. Wilson .
go to the Lot 18 by going through Morriss Hall .
go to the Biomedical Center by going through Lyman Hall .
go to the Lot 17 by going through Supercuts .
go to the Andrews Terrace by going through Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to the Metcalf Hall by going through Friedman Hall .
go to the Wriston Quad by going through 164 Angel .
go to the Biomedical Center by going through P-131317 .
go to the College Hill Bookstore by going through 86 Waterman  .
go to the Metcalf Hall by going through P-131317 .
go to the Brown Bear by going through Pembroke Hall .
go to the Saint Stephens Church by going through Pembroke Park .
go to the Casey Shearer Memorial by going through West House .
go to the John Hay Library by going through Metcalf Hall .
go to the Peter Green House by going through Friedman Hall .
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity by going through West House .
go to the Prospect House by going through Emery Hall .
go to the Alumnae Hall by going through Finlandia .
go to the Emery Hall by going through Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall by going through Hegeman .
go to the Starbucks by going through East Side Station Post Office .
go to the Morriss Hall by going through Urban Environmental Lab .
go to the Brown University Sciences Library by going through Sharpe House .
go to the Thayer and Meeting by going through Lippit House .
go to the List Art Building by going through Andreas .
go to the University Hall by going through 111 Brown Street North House .
go to the New Pembroke 2 by going through J.W. Wilson .
go to the Hughes Court by going through Berk's;Shanghai .
go to the Pembroke Park by going through Walter Hall .
go to the Avon Cinema by going through Sears .
go to the New Pembroke 1 by going through Lot 17 .
go to Metcalf Hall then go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to Facing Thayer then go to the Urban Environmental Lab .
go to Lot 18 then go to the West House .
go to Citizen's Bank then go to the Morriss Hall .
go to Marston Hall then go to the Sharpe House .
go to Slater Hall then go to the Blue State Coffee .
go to Van Wickle Gates then go to the Granoff Center .
go to Carrie Tower then go to the Alumnae Hall .
go to Maxcy Green then go to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to Avon Cinema then go to the Maddock Alumni  .
go to Verney-Woolley Hall then go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to Class of 1887 Gate then go to the Champlin Hall .
go to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building then go to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to Prince Engineering Lab then go to the Peter Green House .
go to J. R. Workman Garden then go to the Finlandia .
go to Finlandia then go to the Thayer and Cushing .
go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology then go to the Brown University Bookstore .
go to Faunce House then go to the 219 Bowen .
go to Sharpe House then go to the Brown Bear .
go to Avon Cinema then go to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to Lot 17 then go to the Champlin Hall .
go to West House then go to the Saint Stephens Church .
go to Walter Hall then go to the Brown University Bookstore .
go to Soban then go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to Blue State Coffee then go to the Medical Research Lab .
go to Smith Buonanno Hall then go to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to Biomedical Center then go to the Hope College .
go to J. R. Workman Garden then go to the Littlefield Hall .
go to J. R. Workman Garden then go to the Horace Mann House .
go to 111 Brown Street North House then go to the Citizen's Bank .
go to Andrews Terrace then go to the Maxcy Green .
go to West House then go to the Sears .
go to Mencoff Hall then go to the Brown University Bookstore .
go to Sidney Frank Hall then go to the Metcalf Research Building .
go to Kassar House then go to the Facing Thayer .
go to West House then go to the Walter Hall .
go to Mencoff Hall then go to the New Pembroke 4 .
go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity then go to the Andrews Terrace .
go to John Hay Library then go to the J. R. Workman Garden .
go to Spiritus Fermenti then go to the Marston Hall .
go to Emery & Wooley then go to the Quiet Green .
go to Sidney Frank Hall then go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences then go to the 111 Brown Street North House .
go to William Goddard Memorial Gate then go to the Avon Cinema .
go to Biomedical Center then go to the Finlandia .
go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall then go to the Spiritus Fermenti .
go to Verney-Woolley Hall then go to the Arnold Laboratory .
go to The Ivy Room then go to the Miller Hall .
go to Sears then go to the J. R. Workman Garden .
go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall then go to the CVS .
go to Verney-Woolley Hall then go to the Sayles Hall .
go to Pembroke Hall then go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to Brown Center for Students of Color then go to the 111 Brown Street North House .
go to Sharpe House then go to the Horace Mann House .
go to the Spiritus Fermenti through Manning .
go to the Carrie Tower through Salon Persia .
go to the Swearer Center for Public Service through Andrews Terrace .
go to the Caswell Hall through Sharpe House .
go to the Campus Market through Andrews Terrace .
go to the Saint Stephens Church through Spiritus Fermenti .
go to the Lyman Hall through Emery Hall .
go to the Thayer and Meeting through Friedman Hall .
go to the College Hill Bookstore through John Carter Brown Library .
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate through Champlin Hall .
go to the Sharpe Refectory through CVS .
go to the Alumnae Hall through Lyman Hall .
go to the Brown University Sciences Library through Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the Salon Persia through Wilbour Hall .
go to the Blue Room through Pleasant Surprises .
go to the List Art Building through Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to the Slater Hall through Andreas .
go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear through Spiritus Fermenti .
go to the Andreas through Prospect House .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall through Lincoln Field Building .
go to the Andrews Terrace through Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to the Morriss Hall through Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Maxcy Green through Sharpe House .
go to the Robinson Gate through College Hill Bookstore .
go to the Biomedical Center through Hughes Court .
go to the Hegeman through Spiritus Fermenti .
go to the Pembroke Park through War Memorial .
go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate through Granoff Center .
go to the East Side Station Post Office through J.W. Wilson .
go to the Sears through Avon Cinema .
go to the Emery & Wooley through Urban Environmental Lab .
go to the Citizen's Bank through Thayer and Cushing .
go to the John Carter Brown Library through Emery & Wooley .
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity through Morriss Hall .
go to the List Art Building through Emery & Wooley .
go to the Biomedical Center through Marston Hall .
go to the College Hill Bookstore through GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to the Andreas through Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to the Sayles Hall through Pembroke Park .
go to the Faunce House through New Pembroke 1 .
go to the Metcalf Hall through Simmons Quadrangle .
go to the Lot 76 through Miller Hall .
go to the Berk's;Shanghai through Lot 17 .
go to the Second Time Around through Brown Bear .
go to the Faunce House through Andreas .
go to the Meeting Street Cafe through Hope College .
go to the Andreas through 86 Waterman  .
go to the Emery Hall through William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to the New Pembroke 2 through Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to the Wilbour Hall through Emery Hall .
go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building through Lot 17 .
go to the Andrews Hall through Rockefeller Library .
go to the Meeting Street Cafe through Simmons Quadrangle .
go to the List Art Building through 111 Brown Street North House .
go to the John Carter Brown Library through Metcalf Hall
go to the Lot 76 through 164 Angel
go to the Mencoff Hall through Second Time Around
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall through Emery & Wooley
go to the Pleasant Surprises through Norwood House
go to the 219 Bowen through John Hay Library
go to the Second Time Around through BERT
go to the Prince Engineering Lab through West House
go to the Emery & Wooley through Caswell Hall
go to the Brown University Sciences Library through Pleasant Surprises
go to the West House through Simmons Quadrangle
go to the Littlefield Hall through Pleasant Surprises
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate through Emery & Wooley
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ through Thayer and Meeting
go to the Walter Hall through Champlin Hall
go to the Meeting Street Cafe through 86 Waterman 
go to the Saint Stephens Church through 219 Bowen
go to the Citizen's Bank through Pembroke Hall
go to the Prince Engineering Lab through J. R. Workman Garden
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology through Pleasant Surprises
go to the Sidney Frank Hall through Wilbour Hall
go to the East Side Station Post Office through Brown University
go to the Urban Environmental Lab through Thayer and Cushing
go to the Champlin Hall through Wilbour Hall
go to the Second Time Around through Brown University
go to the Circle Dance Sculpture through Champlin Hall
go to the Prospect House through Andreas
go to the Emery Hall through Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity
go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building through Metcalf Research Building
go to the College Hill Bookstore through Lippit House
go to the 86 Waterman  through Thayer and Meeting
go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building through Robinson Gate
go to the Berk's;Shanghai through Robinson Hall
go to the Sharpe House through Minden Hall
go to the Soban through Maddock Alumni 
go to the Shirley Miller House through Brown University Bookstore
go to the Facing Thayer through Swearer Center for Public Service
go to the Rockefeller Library through New Pembroke 2
go to the Shirley Miller House through Soban
go to the Mencoff Hall through Smith Buonanno Hall
go to the Alumnae Hall through Saint Stephens Church
go to the Blue Room through Supercuts
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology through Pembroke Hall
go to the Lincoln Field Building through New Pembroke 3
go to the Peter Green House through Soldiers Memorial Gate
go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology through Verney-Woolley Hall
go to the 86 Waterman  through West House
go to the Lot 18 through West House
go to the Sharpe House through Brown University
go to the Meeting Street Cafe through Untitled Lamp/Bear
go to the John Hay Library through Pembroke Hall
go to the Emery Hall through The Ivy Room
go to the Brown University through 164 Angel
go to the Emery & Wooley through Casey Shearer Memorial
go to the Starbucks through Thayer and Cushing
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority through Verney-Woolley Hall
go to the Pleasant Surprises through Idee di pietra
go to the J. R. Workman Garden through Robinson Gate
go through The Ivy Room to the Granoff Center .
go through West House to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go through Biomedical Center to the Lippit House .
go through Brown Bear to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go through Idee di pietra to the Miller Hall .
go through Pleasant Surprises to the University Hall .
go through Salon Persia to the The Ivy Room .
go through Pleasant Surprises to the Caswell Hall .
go through Class of 1872 Gate to the New Pembroke 1 .
go through Verney-Woolley Hall to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go through Simmons Quadrangle to the New Pembroke 3 .
go through West House to the Quiet Green .
go through Champlin Hall to the Littlefield Hall .
go through Avon Cinema to the Wilbour Hall .
go through Pembroke Park to the Sears .
go through 111 Brown Street North House to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go through Pembroke Hall to the Rhode Island Hall .
go through Pembroke Hall to the 86 Waterman  .
go through J. R. Workman Garden to the Manning .
go through Littlefield Hall to the Thayer and Cushing .
go through Sharpe Refectory to the Salon Persia .
go through Morriss Hall to the Carrie Tower .
go through East Side Station Post Office to the Kassar House .
go through Hillel House to the BERT .
go through Soban to the List Art Building .
go through New Pembroke 1 to the Class of 1887 Gate .
go through J. R. Workman Garden to the Slavery Memorial .
go through Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go through Pembroke Hall to the Hegeman .
go through 219 Bowen to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go through Second Time Around to the Arnold Laboratory .
go through Brown Center for Students of Color to the Morriss Hall .
go through Smith Buonanno Hall to the John Hay Library .
go through Morriss Hall to the War Memorial .
go through Kassar House to the Soban .
go through List Art Building to the CVS .
go through New Pembroke 2 to the Metcalf Research Building .
go through War Memorial to the Berk's;Shanghai .
go through Shirley Miller House to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go through Verney-Woolley Hall to the Lot 18 .
go through Sidney Frank Hall to the Van Wickle Gates .
go through Brown Bear to the Metcalf Hall .
go through Gardner House to the Blue State Coffee .
go through New Pembroke 3 to the Maddock Alumni  .
go through Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity to the Salon Persia .
go through Andrews Terrace to the 67 George .
go through Verney-Woolley Hall to the Prince Engineering Lab .
go through John Hay Library to the Andreas .
go through College Hill Bookstore to the Mencoff Hall .
go through Lot 17 to the Metcalf Hall .
go to New Pembroke 3 , then head to the Campus Market .
go to Lyman Hall , then head to the Alumnae Hall .
go to CVS , then head to the John Carter Brown Library .
go to East Side Station Post Office , then head to the J.W. Wilson .
go to Sears , then head to the New Pembroke 3 .
go to J.W. Wilson , then head to the Hillel House .
go to Verney-Woolley Hall , then head to the P-131317 .
go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences , then head to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to Supercuts , then head to the Slavery Memorial .
go to Idee di pietra , then head to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to Prospect House , then head to the Hillel House .
go to Friedman Hall , then head to the Blue State Coffee .
go to New Pembroke 3 , then head to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to Salon Persia , then head to the Lincoln Field Building .
go to Sharpe House , then head to the Friedman Hall .
go to Rockefeller Library , then head to the Spiritus Fermenti .
go to Slavery Memorial , then head to the Meeting Street Cafe .
go to Van Wickle Gates , then head to the Blue State Coffee .
go to P-131317 , then head to the New Pembroke 4 .
go to West House , then head to the Wayland .
go to Idee di pietra , then head to the Andrews Terrace .
go to Brown University Bookstore , then head to the Sharpe Refectory .
go to War Memorial , then head to the New Pembroke 3 .
go to Watson Center for Information Technology , then head to the East Side Station Post Office .
go to Van Wickle Gates , then head to the West House .
go to Thayer and Cushing , then head to the Mencoff Hall .
go to Thayer and Meeting , then head to the Brown University .
go to Maxcy Green , then head to the Thayer and Cushing .
go to Berk's;Shanghai , then head to the Norwood House .
go to Robinson Hall , then head to the Hillel House .
go to West House , then head to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to Maxcy Hall , then head to the Andrews Hall .
go to Marston Hall , then head to the 164 Angel .
go to Andreas , then head to the Hughes Court .
go to New Pembroke 4 , then head to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to 219 Bowen , then head to the List Art Building .
go to 164 Angel , then head to the Wriston Quad .
go to Lyman Hall , then head to the Pembroke Hall .
go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall , then head to the Pembroke Park .
go to Class of 1872 Gate , then head to the East Side Station Post Office .
go to J.W. Wilson , then head to the Morriss Hall .
go to Soldiers Memorial Gate , then head to the Peter Green House .
go to Brown Center for Students of Color , then head to the New Pembroke 2 .
go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate , then head to the Berk's;Shanghai .
go to New Pembroke 2 , then head to the Maxcy Green .
go to Sharpe Refectory , then head to the Emery & Wooley .
go to William Goddard Memorial Gate , then head to the Blue State Coffee .
go to Friedman Hall , then head to the Emery Hall .
go to Metcalf Research Building , then head to the Metcalf Hall .
go to Second Time Around , then head to the Saint Stephens Church .
go to University Hall , then head to the West House .
go to Watson Center for Information Technology , then head to the New Pembroke 1 .
go to Berk's;Shanghai , then head to the Marston Hall .
go to J. R. Workman Garden , then head to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to Rhode Island Hall before going to the Pembroke Hall .
go to Barus Building before going to the 164 Angel .
go to John Hay Library before going to the Pembroke Hall .
go to Andrews Hall before going to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to Citizen's Bank before going to the 111 Brown Street North House .
go to Thayer and Cushing before going to the Citizen's Bank .
go to 164 Angel before going to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to Littlefield Hall before going to the Morriss Hall .
go to Facing Thayer before going to the Lincoln Field Building .
go to West House before going to the Marston Hall .
go to College Hill Bookstore before going to the Campus Market .
go to Granoff Center before going to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to Peter Green House before going to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to Minden Hall before going to the Andreas .
go to J. R. Workman Garden before going to the Brown University Sciences Library .
go to Sidney Frank Hall before going to the Horace Mann House .
go to Brown University Bookstore before going to the University Hall .
go to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building before going to the Marston Hall .
go to Pleasant Surprises before going to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to Peter Green House before going to the Gardner House .
go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences before going to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to Walter Hall before going to the Meeting Street Cafe .
go to Class of 1872 Gate before going to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ before going to the New Pembroke 3 .
go to Walter Hall before going to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to Class of 1887 Gate before going to the 111 Brown Street North House .
go to Thayer and Cushing before going to the Slavery Memorial .
go to West House before going to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to College Hill Bookstore before going to the Hughes Court .
go to Caswell Hall before going to the East Side Station Post Office .
go to Verney-Woolley Hall before going to the Simmons Quadrangle .
go to Biomedical Center before going to the The Ivy Room .
go to New Pembroke 1 before going to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to Emery & Wooley before going to the Mencoff Hall .
go to Saint Stephens Church before going to the CVS .
go to Pembroke Hall before going to the Marcus Aurelius .
go to Avon Cinema before going to the Lot 18 .
go to John Nicholas Brown Gate before going to the CVS .
go to Class of 1887 Gate before going to the Sharpe House .
go to College Hill Bookstore before going to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to Hillel House before going to the Walter Hall .
go to Slavery Memorial before going to the Andreas .
go to Slater Hall before going to the Morriss Hall .
go to Van Wickle Gates before going to the Pembroke Hall .
go to Avon Cinema before going to the Maxcy Green .
go to Lippit House before going to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to Horace Mann House before going to the New Pembroke 4 .
go to War Memorial before going to the Thayer and Cushing .
go to Sidney Frank Hall before going to the Campus Market .
go to Sharpe House before going to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to Avon Cinema before going to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to Prospect House before going to the Andrews Hall .
go to Minden Hall before going to the Salon Persia .
go through Wilbour Hall on your way to the West House .
go through Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology on your way to the New Pembroke 1 .
go through Champlin Hall on your way to the Rockefeller Library .
go through Soldiers Memorial Gate on your way to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go through John Nicholas Brown Gate on your way to the Supercuts .
go through Morgan Witter Rogers Gate on your way to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go through New Pembroke 1 on your way to the Metcalf Research Building .
go through Class of 1872 Gate on your way to the Pleasant Surprises .
go through CVS on your way to the Kassar House .
go through Kassar House on your way to the Pembroke Hall .
go through Pembroke Hall on your way to the Idee di pietra .
go through 111 Brown Street North House on your way to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
go through Verney-Woolley Hall on your way to the Starbucks .
go through Peter Green House on your way to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go through Slater Hall on your way to the CVS .
go through Brown Bear on your way to the East Side Station Post Office .
go through John Carter Brown Library on your way to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go through Mencoff Hall on your way to the Andrews Hall .
go through Facing Thayer on your way to the John Hay Library .
go through Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop on your way to the Blue State Coffee .
go through Hope College on your way to the Thayer and Cushing .
go through Sears on your way to the Avon Cinema .
go through Soban on your way to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go through Campus Market on your way to the Miller Hall .
go through Marston Hall on your way to the Thayer and Cushing .
go through Verney-Woolley Hall on your way to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go through Facing Thayer on your way to the Slavery Memorial .
go through Supercuts on your way to the Brown University Sciences Library .
go through Rhode Island Hall on your way to the Alumnae Hall .
go through Lot 17 on your way to the New Pembroke 3 .
go through Brown Center for Students of Color on your way to the Andreas .
go through Untitled Lamp/Bear on your way to the CVS .
go through Maxcy Green on your way to the Andreas .
go through Campus Market on your way to the New Pembroke 3 .
go through Verney-Woolley Hall on your way to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go through Meeting Street Cafe on your way to the Saint Stephens Church .
go through Starbucks on your way to the New Pembroke 4 .
go through Casey Shearer Memorial on your way to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go through Metcalf Hall on your way to the Hughes Court .
go through Second Time Around on your way to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go through Brown University Sciences Library on your way to the College Hill Bookstore .
go through Sharpe House on your way to the Rockefeller Library .
go through Andrews Hall on your way to the Horace Mann House .
go through New Pembroke 2 on your way to the Walter Hall .
go through Hughes Court on your way to the Salon Persia .
go through Maxcy Hall on your way to the Champlin Hall .
go through Blue Room on your way to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
go through New Pembroke 3 on your way to the Lippit House .
go through Biomedical Center on your way to the Wriston Quad .
go through Campus Market on your way to the West House .
go through 164 Angel on your way to the College Green .
go through University Hall on your way to the East Side Station Post Office .
go through Sidney Frank Hall on your way to the J.W. Wilson .
go through Morriss Hall on your way to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go through Emery & Wooley on your way to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go through Granoff Center on your way to the The Ivy Room .
go through Andrews Terrace on your way to the Van Wickle Gates .
go through Alpha Chi Omega Sorority on your way to the Andrews Hall .
go through Miller Hall on your way to the Van Wickle Gates .
go through Slater Hall on your way to the Pembroke Park .
go through 164 Angel before going to the Class of 1872 Gate .
go through Gardner House before going to the Salon Persia .
go through Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building before going to the Horace Mann House .
go through John Carter Brown Library before going to the 164 Angel .
go through Granoff Center before going to the University Hall .
go through Granoff Center before going to the Metcalf Research Building .
go through Andrews Hall before going to the Van Wickle Gates .
go through Verney-Woolley Hall before going to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go through Saint Stephens Church before going to the J. R. Workman Garden .
go through Alumnae Hall before going to the List Art Building .
go through Sharpe House before going to the Sayles Hall .
go through Rhode Island Hall before going to the Emery & Wooley .
go through Lippit House before going to the Sharpe House .
go through Idee di pietra before going to the 164 Angel .
go through Lippit House before going to the Blue State Coffee .
go through Lot 76 before going to the Pleasant Surprises .
go through P-131317 before going to the West House .
go through Lot 76 before going to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go through Kassar House before going to the West House .
go through Pembroke Park before going to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
go through Smith Buonanno Hall before going to the 86 Waterman  .
go through Brown Bear before going to the Meeting Street Cafe .
go through J.W. Wilson before going to the Spiritus Fermenti .
go through Peter Green House before going to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go through Casey Shearer Memorial before going to the Pembroke Hall .
go through Wilbour Hall before going to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go through Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building before going to the Prospect House .
go through Metcalf Hall before going to the Marcus Aurelius .
go through New Pembroke 3 before going to the Norwood House .
go through The Ivy Room before going to the Thayer and Cushing .
go through Alumnae Hall before going to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
go through Sidney Frank Hall before going to the Quiet Green .
go through Metcalf Hall before going to the Lincoln Field Building .
go through College Hill Bookstore before going to the Van Wickle Gates .
go through 164 Angel before going to the Lincoln Field Building .
go through 111 Brown Street North House before going to the Sayles Hall .
go through John Hay Library before going to the Emery Hall .
go through 164 Angel before going to the Manning .
go through Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences before going to the Blue State Coffee .
go through Sharpe House before going to the Slavery Memorial .
go through New Pembroke 3 before going to the Metcalf Research Building .
go through The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ before going to the Miller Hall .
go through Class of 1872 Gate before going to the Granoff Center .
go through West House before going to the List Art Building .
go through New Pembroke 1 before going to the Arnold Laboratory .
go through Sears before going to the College Hill Bookstore .
go through Soldiers Memorial Gate before going to the Peter Green House .
go through Campus Market before going to the Granoff Center .
go through Lippit House before going to the Miller Hall .
go through J. R. Workman Garden before going to the 67 George .
go through Peter Green House before going to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go through College Hill Bookstore before going to the Hope College .
go through Robinson Gate before going to the Supercuts .
go through Supercuts before going to the Littlefield Hall .
go through Untitled Lamp/Bear before going to the Thayer and Meeting .
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching through CVS
go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate through 164 Angel
go to the Maxcy Hall through Pembroke Hall
go to the Norwood House through Granoff Center
go to the Van Wickle Gates through Facing Thayer
go to the New Pembroke 3 through Watson Center for Information Technology
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop through J. R. Workman Garden
go to the Maxcy Green through Thayer and Meeting
go to the Avon Cinema through Brown Center for Students of Color
go to the Quiet Green through College Hill Bookstore
go to the Sharpe House through Maxcy Green
go to the Sidney Frank Hall through 86 Waterman 
go to the Saint Stephens Church through 111 Brown Street North House
go to the University Hall through Facing Thayer
go to the Faunce House through 219 Bowen
go to the New Pembroke 2 through Circle Dance Sculpture
go to the Andrews Terrace through Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color through Miller Hall
go to the Marston Hall through Pleasant Surprises
go to the Rockefeller Library through 164 Angel
go to the West House through Carrie Tower
go to the Granoff Center through Alpha Chi Omega Sorority
go to the Prince Engineering Lab through Miller Hall
go to the Wayland through New Pembroke 2
go to the Blue State Coffee through Carrie Tower
go to the Wilbour Hall through 111 Brown Street North House
go to the New Pembroke 3 through Circle Dance Sculpture
go to the Berk's;Shanghai through Idee di pietra
go to the Maddock Alumni  through Andrews Hall
go to the Second Time Around through Finlandia
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate through New Pembroke 3
go to the Emery & Wooley through J.W. Wilson
go to the Avon Cinema through Rockefeller Library
go to the New Pembroke 1 through Norwood House
go to the Biomedical Center through John Nicholas Brown Gate
go to the East Side Station Post Office through Hegeman
go to the Arnold Laboratory through Soban
go to the Horace Mann House through Thayer and Meeting
go to the Barus Building through Granoff Center
go to the BERT through Granoff Center
go to the Alumnae Hall through Faunce House
go to the Faunce House through Soban
go to the Champlin Hall through Lot 18
go to the 111 Brown Street North House through Mencoff Hall
go to the Spiritus Fermenti through Lyman Hall
go to the Sayles Hall through Blue State Coffee
go to the Maxcy Green through Spiritus Fermenti
go to the 67 George through Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building
go to the University Hall through Pleasant Surprises
go to the Alumnae Hall through Starbucks
go to the Mencoff Hall through Meeting Street Cafe
go to the Sharpe House through Rockefeller Library
go to Salomon Center for Teaching before navigating to the Alumnae Hall .
go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology before navigating to the Pembroke Hall .
go to Emery & Wooley before navigating to the Maxcy Green .
go to Miller Hall before navigating to the Metcalf Research Building .
go to Arnold Laboratory before navigating to the Hillel House .
go to Metcalf Hall before navigating to the Starbucks .
go to Wriston Quad before navigating to the Pleasant Surprises .
go to Mencoff Hall before navigating to the Facing Thayer .
go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences before navigating to the Granoff Center .
go to Carrie Tower before navigating to the Biomedical Center .
go to Brown Bear before navigating to the New Pembroke 4 .
go to Untitled Lamp/Bear before navigating to the Spiritus Fermenti .
go to Rhode Island Hall before navigating to the Peter Green House .
go to Quiet Green before navigating to the J. R. Workman Garden .
go to Emery & Wooley before navigating to the Saint Stephens Church .
go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop before navigating to the New Pembroke 1 .
go to Soban before navigating to the Lippit House .
go to 219 Bowen before navigating to the Wilbour Hall .
go to Idee di pietra before navigating to the Emery Hall .
go to Slavery Memorial before navigating to the Miller Hall .
go to Slater Hall before navigating to the Supercuts .
go to Pleasant Surprises before navigating to the Blue Room .
go to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building before navigating to the Maddock Alumni  .
go to Hughes Court before navigating to the Blue State Coffee .
go to Sidney Frank Hall before navigating to the War Memorial .
go to Thayer and Meeting before navigating to the Starbucks .
go to Emery Hall before navigating to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to Verney-Woolley Hall before navigating to the War Memorial .
go to Lippit House before navigating to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to Pembroke Hall before navigating to the Class of 1887 Gate .
go to CVS before navigating to the Lincoln Field Building .
go to Facing Thayer before navigating to the John Carter Brown Library .
go to New Pembroke 4 before navigating to the Sayles Hall .
go to Sears before navigating to the Pembroke Park .
go to War Memorial before navigating to the Miller Hall .
go to Smith Buonanno Hall before navigating to the Maxcy Hall .
go to New Pembroke 2 before navigating to the Lot 17 .
go to Andrews Terrace before navigating to the Littlefield Hall .
go to Andrews Terrace before navigating to the Class of 1872 Gate .
go to Urban Environmental Lab before navigating to the Andrews Hall .
go to CVS before navigating to the John Carter Brown Library .
go to 111 Brown Street North House before navigating to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to The Ivy Room before navigating to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to Sidney Frank Hall before navigating to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to Avon Cinema before navigating to the College Green .
go to Andreas before navigating to the Sharpe Refectory .
go to Spiritus Fermenti before navigating to the Campus Market .
go to William Goddard Memorial Gate before navigating to the Facing Thayer .
go to Morriss Hall before navigating to the Hope College .
go to BERT before navigating to the Avon Cinema .
go to Sears before navigating to the Brown University Bookstore .
go to Meeting Street Cafe before navigating to the Faunce House .
go to New Pembroke 1 before navigating to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to Arnold Laboratory before navigating to the Miller Hall .
