navigate to the Sayles Hall before you go to College Hill Bookstore .
navigate to the East Side Station Post Office before you go to Rhode Island Hall .
navigate to the Supercuts before you go to Idee di pietra .
navigate to the Emery & Wooley before you go to Rockefeller Library .
navigate to the Maddock Alumni  before you go to Facing Thayer .
navigate to the Sidney Frank Hall before you go to Sharpe Refectory .
navigate to the John Carter Brown Library before you go to Emery Hall .
navigate to the Morriss Hall before you go to Rockefeller Library .
navigate to the Sears before you go to Metcalf Hall .
navigate to the Faunce House before you go to 111 Brown Street North House .
navigate to the Biomedical Center before you go to Urban Environmental Lab .
head to Class of 1887 Gate after going to the Supercuts .
head to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology after going to the Miller Hall .
head to Meeting Street Cafe after going to the Simmons Quadrangle .
head to Slater Hall after going to the Soban .
head to Slavery Memorial after going to the Avon Cinema .
head to West House after going to the The Ivy Room .
head to War Memorial after going to the Emery & Wooley .
head to Sears after going to the Champlin Hall .
head to 86 Waterman  after going to the 111 Brown Street North House .
head to Arnold Laboratory after going to the Sidney Frank Hall .
head to Class of 1872 Gate after going to the 111 Brown Street North House .
head to Pembroke Park after going to the Maxcy Green .
navigate to Sharpe House through the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
navigate to College Hill Bookstore through the Maxcy Hall .
navigate to Second Time Around through the BERT .
navigate to Pleasant Surprises through the Carrie Tower .
navigate to Rockefeller Library through the Metcalf Hall .
navigate to Sharpe Refectory through the New Pembroke 2 .
navigate to Smith Buonanno Hall through the List Art Building .
navigate to Alumnae Hall through the Prince Engineering Lab .
navigate to Wilbour Hall through the Soban .
navigate to Watson Center for Information Technology through the Miller Hall .
navigate to Lyman Hall through the Alumnae Hall .
navigate to Facing Thayer through the List Art Building .
navigate to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building through the Swearer Center for Public Service .
navigate to Lot 76 through the Second Time Around .
navigate to Biomedical Center through the Sayles Hall .
navigate to Gardner House through the Sharpe House .
navigate to Morriss Hall through the Marcus Aurelius .
navigate to CVS through the Walter Hall .
navigate to Starbucks through the Spiritus Fermenti .
navigate to Sharpe Refectory through the Champlin Hall .
always go through the Saint Stephens Church and then to Thayer and Meeting .
always go through the Lot 76 and then to Verney-Woolley Hall .
always go through the Finlandia and then to Salon Persia .
always go through the 111 Brown Street North House and then to Slavery Memorial .
always go through the Pembroke Hall and then to Casey Shearer Memorial .
always go through the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology and then to Biomedical Center .
always go through the 219 Bowen and then to Caswell Hall .
always go through the Hughes Court and then to Emery & Wooley .
always go through the Wilbour Hall and then to Avon Cinema .
always go through the East Side Station Post Office and then to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
always go through the Brown University Sciences Library and then to Sharpe House .
always go through the Watson Center for Information Technology and then to Metcalf Hall .
always go through the Berk's;Shanghai and then to Arnold Laboratory .
always go through the Sharpe House and then to Slavery Memorial .
always go through the Brown Bear and then to Peter Green House .
always go through the Hope College and then to Biomedical Center .
always go through the Salomon Center for Teaching and then to New Pembroke 1 .
always go through the Verney-Woolley Hall and then to War Memorial .
always go through the List Art Building and then to Pleasant Surprises .
always go through the Verney-Woolley Hall and then to J.W. Wilson .
go through the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go through the BERT to 164 Angel .
go through the Marston Hall to New Pembroke 4 .
go through the Manning to 219 Bowen .
go through the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority to Verney-Woolley Hall .
go through the Minden Hall to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go through the Emery & Wooley to Robinson Gate .
go through the Berk's;Shanghai to Hope College .
go through the College Green to Peter Green House .
go through the 67 George to Sharpe House .
go through the Lot 17 to Smith Buonanno Hall .
go through the Andrews Hall to Manning .
go through the Hughes Court to Andrews Hall .
go through the Meeting Street Cafe to Sears .
go through the Finlandia to Sidney Frank Hall .
go through the Lyman Hall to Soban .
go through the Berk's;Shanghai to Salomon Center for Teaching .
go through the Carrie Tower to Champlin Hall .
go through the Starbucks to Pembroke Park .
go through the Verney-Woolley Hall to Idee di pietra .
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop , then go to Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to the Marston Hall , then go to Meeting Street Cafe .
go to the Avon Cinema , then go to University Hall .
go to the Soban , then go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to the Lot 18 , then go to Alumnae Hall .
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority , then go to Berk's;Shanghai .
go to the College Hill Bookstore , then go to Arnold Laboratory .
go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building , then go to Lot 17 .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall , then go to Hegeman .
go to the Metcalf Hall , then go to Carrie Tower .
go to the Brown University Bookstore , then go to Wayland .
go to the Peter Green House , then go to Lot 17 .
go to the Robinson Gate , then go to Soban .
go to the Wriston Quad , then go to Facing Thayer .
navigate to Marston Hall through the Smith Buonanno Hall .
navigate to Pembroke Hall through the Sayles Hall .
navigate to Gardner House through the Brown University Bookstore .
navigate to Shirley Miller House through the 219 Bowen .
navigate to Brown University Bookstore through the BERT .
navigate to Granoff Center through the Starbucks .
navigate to Miller Hall through the University Hall .
navigate to Brown Center for Students of Color through the New Pembroke 3 .
navigate to Morriss Hall through the Rockefeller Library .
navigate to Miller Hall through the Maxcy Green .
navigate to Verney-Woolley Hall through the Wilbour Hall .
go to Berk's;Shanghai through the Lincoln Field Building
go to Sidney Frank Hall through the Prospect House
go to Minden Hall through the Facing Thayer
go to J. R. Workman Garden through the J.W. Wilson
go to Quiet Green through the Biomedical Center
go to Second Time Around through the Kassar House
go to Circle Dance Sculpture through the Andreas
go to Untitled Lamp/Bear through the 164 Angel
go to CVS through the Van Wickle Gates
go to Littlefield Hall through the Andrews Terrace
go to Medical Research Lab through the Smith Buonanno Hall
go to Hughes Court through the Supercuts
go to John Nicholas Brown Gate through the Miller Hall
go to Simmons Quadrangle through the East Side Station Post Office
go to Robinson Gate through the Emery & Wooley
go to Blue Room through the Blue State Coffee
go to East Side Station Post Office through the Sears
go to Sayles Hall through the Salon Persia
go to New Pembroke 3 through the Class of 1872 Gate
go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop through the Peter Green House .
go to Miller Hall through the Idee di pietra .
go to Morriss Hall through the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to Idee di pietra through the Alumnae Hall .
go to Untitled Lamp/Bear through the Salon Persia .
go to Starbucks through the Salon Persia .
go to Saint Stephens Church through the Peter Green House .
go to Faunce House through the Brown University Bookstore .
go to Andrews Terrace through the Starbucks .
go to Supercuts through the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to Alumnae Hall through the Minden Hall .
go to Pleasant Surprises through the 86 Waterman  .
go to Robinson Gate through the CVS .
go to Wilbour Hall through the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to Rhode Island Hall through the Emery & Wooley .
go to Peter Green House through the Lot 18 .
go to Second Time Around through the 86 Waterman  .
go to Lincoln Field Building through the Soban .
go to Hughes Court through the Salon Persia .
go to Shirley Miller House through the Brown University Bookstore .
navigate to the Pembroke Park then continue to Sharpe Refectory .
navigate to the New Pembroke 2 then continue to Horace Mann House .
navigate to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ then continue to Alumnae Hall .
navigate to the Caswell Hall then continue to Peter Green House .
navigate to the Medical Research Lab then continue to Andrews Hall .
navigate to the Pleasant Surprises then continue to Citizen's Bank .
navigate to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building then continue to Metcalf Research Building .
navigate to the Blue Room then continue to Thayer and Meeting .
navigate to the West House then continue to Hughes Court .
navigate to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority then continue to Metcalf Hall .
navigate to the West House then continue to Lot 76 .
navigate to the Sayles Hall then continue to Hillel House .
navigate to the Supercuts then continue to Wayland .
navigate to the Andrews Terrace then continue to Brown Bear .
navigate to the Hughes Court then continue to New Pembroke 3 .
navigate to the Supercuts then continue to Hughes Court .
navigate to the College Hill Bookstore then continue to Circle Dance Sculpture .
go through the P-131317 to Supercuts .
go through the Verney-Woolley Hall to Maxcy Hall .
go through the New Pembroke 4 to Lippit House .
go through the BERT to Facing Thayer .
go through the Smith Buonanno Hall to Arnold Laboratory .
go through the Metcalf Research Building to College Hill Bookstore .
go through the West House to Quiet Green .
go through the Blue Room to Sidney Frank Hall .
go through the Facing Thayer to Hughes Court .
go through the Facing Thayer to University Hall .
go through the Class of 1872 Gate to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go through the West House to Brown Bear .
go through the Second Time Around to Idee di pietra .
go through the Peter Green House to Manning .
go to the 86 Waterman  , then proceed to East Side Station Post Office .
go to the Citizen's Bank , then proceed to Champlin Hall .
go to the Supercuts , then proceed to Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Biomedical Center , then proceed to Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate , then proceed to Andrews Terrace .
go to the Robinson Hall , then proceed to Pembroke Park .
go to the Robinson Gate , then proceed to Salon Persia .
go to the Alumnae Hall , then proceed to Brown University .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall , then proceed to Campus Market .
go to the New Pembroke 1 , then proceed to Barus Building .
go to the Brown Bear before you go to Andreas .
go to the West House before you go to Citizen's Bank .
go to the 219 Bowen before you go to Wriston Quad .
go to the Andreas before you go to Campus Market .
go to the Andreas before you go to Simmons Quadrangle .
go to the 111 Brown Street North House before you go to Brown University .
go to the Wriston Quad before you go to Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to the Slater Hall before you go to Salon Persia .
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop before you go to West House .
go to the Littlefield Hall before you go to Berk's;Shanghai .
go to the Minden Hall before you go to Second Time Around .
go to the List Art Building before you go to Emery Hall .
go to the Metcalf Hall before you go to Maxcy Green .
go to the Hillel House before you go to 67 George .
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop before you go to Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to the Lot 18 before you go to East Side Station Post Office .
go to the University Hall before you go to Berk's;Shanghai .
go to the Brown Bear before you go to New Pembroke 4 .
first go to the Faunce House and then go to Berk's;Shanghai .
first go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate and then go to Andreas .
first go to the Kassar House and then go to Alumnae Hall .
first go to the Robinson Gate and then go to Hillel House .
first go to the East Side Station Post Office and then go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
first go to the Emery Hall and then go to Van Wickle Gates .
first go to the Peter Green House and then go to Rhode Island Hall .
first go to the 86 Waterman  and then go to New Pembroke 1 .
first go to the Sidney Frank Hall and then go to Hegeman .
first go to the Verney-Woolley Hall and then go to Wriston Quad .
first go to the Marcus Aurelius and then go to Emery & Wooley .
first go to the Wayland and then go to Andreas .
first go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall and then go to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
first go to the Wayland and then go to 219 Bowen .
first go to the Meeting Street Cafe and then go to University Hall .
first go to the Sidney Frank Hall and then go to Kassar House .
move to the Salon Persia and then move to Walter Hall .
move to the Lyman Hall and then move to Emery Hall .
move to the Brown Bear and then move to New Pembroke 2 .
move to the Brown Bear and then move to Spiritus Fermenti .
move to the Andrews Hall and then move to Brown University .
move to the Supercuts and then move to Untitled Lamp/Bear .
move to the Rhode Island Hall and then move to Peter Green House .
move to the J. R. Workman Garden and then move to Marcus Aurelius .
move to the Casey Shearer Memorial and then move to Andrews Hall .
move to the Berk's;Shanghai and then move to Marston Hall .
move to the Wilbour Hall and then move to 111 Brown Street North House .
move to the Emery & Wooley and then move to Marston Hall .
move to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building and then move to Kassar House .
always go through the Lot 17 before going to Peter Green House .
always go through the Facing Thayer before going to Class of 1887 Gate .
always go through the Salon Persia before going to Slater Hall .
always go through the Peter Green House before going to Medical Research Lab .
always go through the 67 George before going to Pembroke Park .
always go through the Hope College before going to J. R. Workman Garden .
always go through the Slater Hall before going to New Pembroke 1 .
always go through the Lot 76 before going to College Hill Bookstore .
always go through the Lot 76 before going to Brown University Bookstore .
always go through the Maxcy Hall before going to Verney-Woolley Hall .
always go through the Idee di pietra before going to New Pembroke 4 .
go to the East Side Station Post Office and then go to Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to the Class of 1872 Gate and then go to Pleasant Surprises .
go to the Meeting Street Cafe and then go to William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to the 86 Waterman  and then go to Sharpe House .
go to the Carrie Tower and then go to Morriss Hall .
go to the 219 Bowen and then go to Kassar House .
go to the Brown University and then go to Emery Hall .
go to the Berk's;Shanghai and then go to Medical Research Lab .
go to the Pembroke Park and then go to Class of 1872 Gate .
go to the Sayles Hall and then go to Andreas .
go to the Salon Persia and then go to Maxcy Green .
go through the Andrews Hall to 67 George .
go through the Robinson Gate to Emery Hall .
go through the Slater Hall to J. R. Workman Garden .
go through the List Art Building to Meeting Street Cafe .
go through the Medical Research Lab to New Pembroke 2 .
go through the BERT to Andreas .
go through the Miller Hall to Simmons Quadrangle .
go through the University Hall to Miller Hall .
go through the Slavery Memorial to Hillel House .
go through the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building to Maddock Alumni  .
go through the Mencoff Hall to 164 Angel .
go through the 219 Bowen to Van Wickle Gates .
go through the Peter Green House to Quiet Green .
go to Salon Persia through the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to Miller Hall through the John Hay Library .
go to Thayer and Cushing through the Marston Hall .
go to Slavery Memorial through the Supercuts .
go to Pembroke Hall through the Marston Hall .
go to Sharpe House through the Maddock Alumni  .
go to Untitled Lamp/Bear through the Granoff Center .
go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority through the Thayer and Cushing .
go to Brown Center for Students of Color through the Metcalf Hall .
go to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building through the Slavery Memorial .
go to Supercuts through the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to Thayer and Meeting through the Norwood House .
go to Wriston Quad through the Andreas .
go to 164 Angel through the University Hall .
go to New Pembroke 1 through the Carrie Tower
go to Urban Environmental Lab through the New Pembroke 1
go to Friedman Hall through the Hillel House
go to Shirley Miller House through the Spiritus Fermenti
go to Brown University through the East Side Station Post Office
go to Verney-Woolley Hall through the Starbucks
go to Rhode Island Hall through the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building
go to College Hill Bookstore through the Watson Center for Information Technology
go to 164 Angel through the John Hay Library
go to Blue State Coffee through the The Ivy Room
go to Avon Cinema through the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate
go to Walter Hall through the West House
go to Casey Shearer Memorial through the Avon Cinema
go to Salon Persia through the Untitled Lamp/Bear
go to Lippit House through the Metcalf Hall
go to Alumnae Hall through the John Nicholas Brown Gate
go to 164 Angel through the Maxcy Hall
go to Pleasant Surprises through the Circle Dance Sculpture
go through the New Pembroke 2 , then make your way to Hope College .
go through the Champlin Hall , then make your way to John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go through the Second Time Around , then make your way to John Carter Brown Library .
go through the Minden Hall , then make your way to Spiritus Fermenti .
go through the Salomon Center for Teaching , then make your way to Andreas .
go through the Soldiers Memorial Gate , then make your way to New Pembroke 4 .
go through the Prince Engineering Lab , then make your way to Emery Hall .
go through the Rockefeller Library , then make your way to Brown University Bookstore .
go through the Wayland , then make your way to Morriss Hall .
go through the Smith Buonanno Hall , then make your way to Brown Bear .
go to Pembroke Hall through the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to Soldiers Memorial Gate through the Andrews Hall .
go to Verney-Woolley Hall through the John Carter Brown Library .
go to Emery & Wooley through the Blue Room .
go to Swearer Center for Public Service through the Blue State Coffee .
go to Supercuts through the Maxcy Hall .
go to Biomedical Center through the P-131317 .
go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity through the Hillel House .
go to Lippit House through the J. R. Workman Garden .
go to John Hay Library through the New Pembroke 3 .
go to Spiritus Fermenti through the Gardner House .
go to Marcus Aurelius through the Andrews Terrace .
go to New Pembroke 3 through the Prospect House .
go to 111 Brown Street North House through the Simmons Quadrangle .
go to Campus Market through the Supercuts .
go to Second Time Around through the Gardner House .
go to Smith Buonanno Hall through the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to Robinson Hall through the New Pembroke 2 .
go through the Mencoff Hall before navigating to Morriss Hall .
go through the J.W. Wilson before navigating to West House .
go through the Smith Buonanno Hall before navigating to Wilbour Hall .
go through the Brown University Bookstore before navigating to Lippit House .
go through the Swearer Center for Public Service before navigating to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go through the Quiet Green before navigating to Metcalf Hall .
go through the P-131317 before navigating to New Pembroke 1 .
go through the The Ivy Room before navigating to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go through the Miller Hall before navigating to Friedman Hall .
go through the Salomon Center for Teaching before navigating to Sidney Frank Hall .
go through the Andrews Terrace before navigating to Caswell Hall .
go through the War Memorial before navigating to 164 Angel .
go through the CVS before navigating to Horace Mann House .
always go through the Minden Hall before going to Alumnae Hall .
always go through the Salon Persia before going to Norwood House .
always go through the Avon Cinema before going to Hope College .
always go through the Watson Center for Information Technology before going to Soban .
always go through the Manning before going to New Pembroke 2 .
always go through the West House before going to Friedman Hall .
always go through the Robinson Hall before going to New Pembroke 2 .
always go through the Biomedical Center before going to Brown Center for Students of Color .
always go through the Friedman Hall before going to Hillel House .
always go through the Pembroke Park before going to Barus Building .
always go through the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology before going to Sharpe House .
always go through the Wilbour Hall before going to Berk's;Shanghai .
always go through the Salon Persia before going to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
always go through the Morriss Hall before going to Gardner House .
always go through the John Hay Library before going to Metcalf Hall .
always go through the Carrie Tower before going to Brown University Bookstore .
always go through the Second Time Around before going to Rockefeller Library .
always go through the Rockefeller Library before going to College Hill Bookstore .
always go through the Thayer and Meeting before going to Littlefield Hall .
always go through the Lincoln Field Building before going to Morriss Hall .
go to Soban through the Horace Mann House
go to Smith Buonanno Hall through the Gardner House
go to Brown University through the West House
go to Andreas through the Medical Research Lab
go to Gardner House through the New Pembroke 1
go to Hillel House through the Citizen's Bank
go to Thayer and Cushing through the Minden Hall
go to Pembroke Hall through the Untitled Lamp/Bear
go to Maxcy Hall through the New Pembroke 1
go to Meeting Street Cafe through the Hope College
go to Barus Building through the Facing Thayer
go to New Pembroke 2 through the Finlandia
go to J. R. Workman Garden through the Maxcy Green
go to William Goddard Memorial Gate through the Metcalf Hall
go to Sharpe Refectory through the Peter Green House
go to Spiritus Fermenti through the Citizen's Bank
go to Maddock Alumni  through the Sharpe House
go to Soldiers Memorial Gate through the East Side Station Post Office
go to Sears through the New Pembroke 3
go through the The Ivy Room before going to J. R. Workman Garden
go through the Urban Environmental Lab before going to Hillel House
go through the Sidney Frank Hall before going to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology
go through the P-131317 before going to West House
go through the Morriss Hall before going to Brown University
go through the Starbucks before going to 164 Angel
go through the West House before going to Brown University
go through the Brown Bear before going to Biomedical Center
go through the East Side Station Post Office before going to Caswell Hall
go through the Swearer Center for Public Service before going to College Hill Bookstore
go through the Metcalf Hall before going to Lot 76
go through the New Pembroke 1 before going to Starbucks
move to the Saint Stephens Church first then travel to Sidney Frank Hall .
move to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall first then travel to Verney-Woolley Hall .
move to the Lot 76 first then travel to Avon Cinema .
move to the Robinson Gate first then travel to Meeting Street Cafe .
move to the Sayles Hall first then travel to Blue State Coffee .
move to the Sidney Frank Hall first then travel to Slavery Memorial .
move to the Andrews Terrace first then travel to Medical Research Lab .
move to the Kassar House first then travel to New Pembroke 1 .
move to the 219 Bowen first then travel to Kassar House .
move to the New Pembroke 2 first then travel to Hughes Court .
move to the Kassar House first then travel to Thayer and Cushing .
move to the Slater Hall first then travel to West House .
move to the Champlin Hall first then travel to Hughes Court .
move to the Class of 1887 Gate first then travel to Emery & Wooley .
move to the Hope College first then travel to Peter Green House .
move to the Sayles Hall first then travel to Pembroke Hall .
move to the Caswell Hall first then travel to Emery & Wooley .
move to the Soban first then travel to Slater Hall .
move to the Emery & Wooley first then travel to Brown Bear .
move to the Champlin Hall first then travel to Mencoff Hall .
go to the 219 Bowen before you go to Carrie Tower .
go to the Shirley Miller House before you go to 219 Bowen .
go to the Brown Bear before you go to Andreas .
go to the Spiritus Fermenti before you go to Rockefeller Library .
go to the Minden Hall before you go to Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to the Berk's;Shanghai before you go to Brown University .
go to the New Pembroke 3 before you go to Wriston Quad .
go to the 219 Bowen before you go to Hegeman .
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ before you go to Pleasant Surprises .
go to the Blue State Coffee before you go to Gardner House .
move to Peter Green House , but go through the Saint Stephens Church first .
move to Andrews Hall , but go through the Wilbour Hall first .
move to Miller Hall , but go through the Idee di pietra first .
move to Brown University Bookstore , but go through the John Hay Library first .
move to Sidney Frank Hall , but go through the Minden Hall first .
move to Barus Building , but go through the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building first .
move to Emery Hall , but go through the P-131317 first .
move to The Ivy Room , but go through the West House first .
move to Shirley Miller House , but go through the Miller Hall first .
move to Marcus Aurelius , but go through the Soban first .
move to Morriss Hall , but go through the Arnold Laboratory first .
move to 164 Angel , but go through the John Nicholas Brown Gate first .
move to Champlin Hall , but go through the Quiet Green first .
move to Lot 18 , but go through the 164 Angel first .
go to Van Wickle Gates through the East Side Station Post Office .
go to Spiritus Fermenti through the List Art Building .
go to Quiet Green through the New Pembroke 1 .
go to Marston Hall through the Thayer and Meeting .
go to Medical Research Lab through the Andrews Hall .
go to Thayer and Meeting through the Lot 76 .
go to New Pembroke 3 through the Sharpe Refectory .
go to Meeting Street Cafe through the Saint Stephens Church .
go to Lot 18 through the Avon Cinema .
go to College Hill Bookstore through the Robinson Gate .
go to Andrews Hall through the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
avoid Pembroke Hall and go to the Barus Building .
avoid Kassar House and go to the Brown University Bookstore .
avoid Supercuts and go to the Mencoff Hall .
avoid Supercuts and go to the College Green .
avoid Marston Hall and go to the Emery & Wooley .
avoid Avon Cinema and go to the Maxcy Hall .
avoid Biomedical Center and go to the Saint Stephens Church .
avoid J.W. Wilson and go to the Spiritus Fermenti .
avoid Lot 17 and go to the Andreas .
avoid Slavery Memorial and go to the East Side Station Post Office .
avoid John Hay Library and go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
avoid Hegeman and go to the West House .
avoid Wilbour Hall and go to the Peter Green House .
avoid Lot 17 and go to the Spiritus Fermenti .
avoid Starbucks and go to the 219 Bowen .
go to a spot in the Champlin Hall , but do n't touch University Hall .
go to a spot in the Metcalf Hall , but do n't touch Rhode Island Hall .
go to a spot in the Champlin Hall , but do n't touch Citizen's Bank .
go to a spot in the Emery Hall , but do n't touch William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to a spot in the Avon Cinema , but do n't touch Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to a spot in the East Side Station Post Office , but do n't touch Sears .
go to a spot in the Morriss Hall , but do n't touch Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to a spot in the Campus Market , but do n't touch Morriss Hall .
go to a spot in the Peter Green House , but do n't touch Arnold Laboratory .
go to a spot in the Hillel House , but do n't touch Marcus Aurelius .
go to a spot in the Pembroke Hall , but do n't touch Hope College .
go to a spot in the Second Time Around , but do n't touch Wayland .
go to a spot in the Peter Green House , but do n't touch Slavery Memorial .
go to a spot in the Biomedical Center , but do n't touch Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to a spot in the Facing Thayer , but do n't touch Starbucks .
always avoid New Pembroke 2 and go to the Sayles Hall .
always avoid Wayland and go to the Hillel House .
always avoid List Art Building and go to the 219 Bowen .
always avoid War Memorial and go to the Andrews Terrace .
always avoid Wilbour Hall and go to the Emery & Wooley .
always avoid Brown Bear and go to the Metcalf Hall .
always avoid Horace Mann House and go to the Granoff Center .
always avoid Sharpe Refectory and go to the Andreas .
always avoid Brown University Bookstore and go to the Robinson Hall .
always avoid Mencoff Hall and go to the Andreas .
always avoid College Hill Bookstore and go to the Lincoln Field Building .
always avoid Emery Hall and go to the Van Wickle Gates .
always avoid Verney-Woolley Hall and go to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
always avoid Arnold Laboratory and go to the Soban .
always avoid New Pembroke 3 and navigate to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
always avoid Lot 18 and navigate to the Alumnae Hall .
always avoid Faunce House and navigate to the Brown University Bookstore .
always avoid Prospect House and navigate to the CVS .
always avoid Norwood House and navigate to the Metcalf Hall .
always avoid College Hill Bookstore and navigate to the Finlandia .
always avoid Blue State Coffee and navigate to the Faunce House .
always avoid Metcalf Hall and navigate to the 67 George .
always avoid Pembroke Park and navigate to the Walter Hall .
always avoid Second Time Around and navigate to the 86 Waterman  .
avoid Prospect House and go to the Facing Thayer .
avoid Manning and go to the CVS .
avoid Salomon Center for Teaching and go to the Pembroke Hall .
avoid Swearer Center for Public Service and go to the Alumnae Hall .
avoid GeoChem and Macmillian Hall and go to the Peter Green House .
avoid Marston Hall and go to the Pleasant Surprises .
avoid Spiritus Fermenti and go to the Robinson Gate .
avoid Maxcy Green and go to the Granoff Center .
avoid Lippit House and go to the Soban .
avoid Andrews Hall and go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
avoid Idee di pietra and go to the J. R. Workman Garden .
avoid Emery & Wooley and go to the Gardner House .
avoid Class of 1872 Gate and go to the Andrews Terrace .
avoid Sidney Frank Hall and go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
avoid Second Time Around and go to the Sharpe Refectory .
go to the 111 Brown Street North House avoiding Lot 17 .
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ avoiding New Pembroke 3 .
go to the List Art Building avoiding Facing Thayer .
go to the Wilbour Hall avoiding Facing Thayer .
go to the Emery Hall avoiding Kassar House .
go to the Prince Engineering Lab avoiding Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to the Metcalf Research Building avoiding Berk's;Shanghai .
go to the Sharpe House avoiding Hope College .
go to the Barus Building avoiding Spiritus Fermenti .
go to the 86 Waterman  avoiding Avon Cinema .
go to the Supercuts avoiding Lot 76 .
go to the 164 Angel avoiding University Hall .
go to the Pleasant Surprises avoiding Littlefield Hall .
go to the College Hill Bookstore avoiding Kassar House .
go to the Sayles Hall avoiding Granoff Center .
go to the Wayland avoiding West House .
go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate , avoiding Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to the Granoff Center , avoiding Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Spiritus Fermenti , avoiding Hope College .
go to the Maxcy Green , avoiding J. R. Workman Garden .
go to the East Side Station Post Office , avoiding Finlandia .
go to the Van Wickle Gates , avoiding College Hill Bookstore .
go to the Granoff Center , avoiding Slater Hall .
go to the New Pembroke 1 , avoiding Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to the New Pembroke 2 , avoiding Marston Hall .
go to the New Pembroke 2 , avoiding Kassar House .
go to the Sears , avoiding Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to the Berk's;Shanghai , avoiding Norwood House .
always avoid Norwood House and navigate to the Metcalf Hall .
always avoid Emery & Wooley and navigate to the John Hay Library .
always avoid Barus Building and navigate to the West House .
always avoid Untitled Lamp/Bear and navigate to the Sidney Frank Hall .
always avoid Meeting Street Cafe and navigate to the Idee di pietra .
always avoid Faunce House and navigate to the Peter Green House .
always avoid Faunce House and navigate to the Andrews Hall .
always avoid Metcalf Hall and navigate to the War Memorial .
always avoid Sears and navigate to the Pleasant Surprises .
always avoid Brown University and navigate to the Andrews Terrace .
always avoid J. R. Workman Garden and navigate to the Simmons Quadrangle .
always avoid Facing Thayer and navigate to the Robinson Gate .
always avoid Robinson Hall and navigate to the Pleasant Surprises .
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall while avoiding Rockefeller Library
go to the CVS while avoiding Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop
go to the Salon Persia while avoiding Brown Bear
go to the Lot 17 while avoiding College Hill Bookstore
go to the New Pembroke 4 while avoiding Watson Center for Information Technology
go to the Andrews Terrace while avoiding Quiet Green
go to the Emery Hall while avoiding Maddock Alumni 
go to the Andreas while avoiding Kassar House
go to the 164 Angel while avoiding Swearer Center for Public Service
go to the Rockefeller Library while avoiding New Pembroke 2
go to the Hegeman while avoiding Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building
go to the Sharpe House while avoiding John Carter Brown Library
go to the Soban while avoiding Class of 1887 Gate
go to the Emery & Wooley while avoiding Rockefeller Library
go to the J. R. Workman Garden while avoiding Kassar House
go to the Littlefield Hall while avoiding 111 Brown Street North House
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ while avoiding New Pembroke 4
go to the Kassar House while avoiding New Pembroke 1
go to the 86 Waterman  while avoiding West House
go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building while avoiding Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to the Meeting Street Cafe while avoiding Class of 1887 Gate .
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching while avoiding Alumnae Hall .
go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate while avoiding Pembroke Hall .
go to the Hegeman while avoiding Pembroke Park .
go to the Kassar House while avoiding New Pembroke 1 .
go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology while avoiding 164 Angel .
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color while avoiding Sharpe House .
go to the Maxcy Green while avoiding New Pembroke 1 .
go to the Starbucks while avoiding Thayer and Cushing .
avoid Soban while going to the Lippit House .
avoid Barus Building while going to the J. R. Workman Garden .
avoid Metcalf Research Building while going to the Peter Green House .
avoid Watson Center for Information Technology while going to the 219 Bowen .
avoid Sidney Frank Hall while going to the Quiet Green .
avoid Campus Market while going to the West House .
avoid Brown Bear while going to the Spiritus Fermenti .
avoid Andreas while going to the Lot 76 .
avoid Emery Hall while going to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
avoid Lincoln Field Building while going to the Facing Thayer .
avoid Avon Cinema while going to the Friedman Hall .
avoid Hillel House while going to the Caswell Hall .
avoid Norwood House while going to the Avon Cinema .
avoid West House while going to the Urban Environmental Lab .
avoid Champlin Hall and go to the Robinson Hall .
avoid Andrews Terrace and go to the Lot 17 .
avoid New Pembroke 3 and go to the Shirley Miller House .
avoid Soban and go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
avoid Hughes Court and go to the Berk's;Shanghai .
avoid Gardner House and go to the New Pembroke 2 .
avoid Pembroke Hall and go to the Quiet Green .
avoid Brown University and go to the New Pembroke 1 .
avoid Sayles Hall and go to the Berk's;Shanghai .
avoid 219 Bowen and go to the Lincoln Field Building .
avoid Wilbour Hall and go to the West House .
avoid Miller Hall and go to the Van Wickle Gates .
avoid Alumnae Hall and go to the Prince Engineering Lab .
avoid University Hall and go to the New Pembroke 1 .
avoid Miller Hall and go to the Caswell Hall .
avoid Sidney Frank Hall and go to the Hope College .
avoid Hope College and go to the Avon Cinema .
avoid Citizen's Bank and go to the CVS .
avoid Salomon Center for Teaching and go to the West House .
avoid Shirley Miller House and go to the Brown University Bookstore .
avoid Wayland and go to the Brown University Bookstore .
avoid List Art Building and go to the New Pembroke 2 .
avoid Quiet Green and go to the Granoff Center .
avoid Sidney Frank Hall and go to the J.W. Wilson .
avoid Gardner House and go to the Blue State Coffee .
avoid Lincoln Field Building and go to the Andreas .
avoid Hegeman and go to the Blue State Coffee .
avoid Andrews Terrace and go to the Marston Hall .
avoid Saint Stephens Church and go to the New Pembroke 2 .
avoid Caswell Hall and go to the Miller Hall .
avoid Carrie Tower and go to the 219 Bowen .
avoid John Carter Brown Library and go to the Supercuts .
avoid Idee di pietra and go to the Pembroke Hall .
avoid Hegeman and go to the New Pembroke 3 .
avoid CVS and go to the Urban Environmental Lab .
avoid John Nicholas Brown Gate and go to the 219 Bowen .
avoid Peter Green House and go to the College Green .
avoid John Hay Library and go to the Spiritus Fermenti .
avoid Facing Thayer and go to the Wilbour Hall .
avoid Watson Center for Information Technology and go to the College Hill Bookstore .
go to the Thayer and Cushing without touching Rockefeller Library .
go to the Brown University Bookstore without touching University Hall .
go to the The Ivy Room without touching Spiritus Fermenti .
go to the Miller Hall without touching Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to the Swearer Center for Public Service without touching Andreas .
go to the New Pembroke 2 without touching Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to the Emery & Wooley without touching William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ without touching Granoff Center .
go to the Class of 1872 Gate without touching Facing Thayer .
go to the Robinson Gate without touching Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to the Simmons Quadrangle without touching Brown University Bookstore .
go to the 164 Angel without touching Idee di pietra .
go to the Arnold Laboratory without touching Metcalf Hall .
go to the Emery Hall without touching BERT .
avoid Barus Building on your way to the Sidney Frank Hall .
avoid List Art Building on your way to the New Pembroke 4 .
avoid Class of 1887 Gate on your way to the Sharpe House .
avoid Circle Dance Sculpture on your way to the Miller Hall .
avoid Meeting Street Cafe on your way to the Horace Mann House .
avoid Emery & Wooley on your way to the Idee di pietra .
avoid Facing Thayer on your way to the Robinson Gate .
avoid Meeting Street Cafe on your way to the Class of 1872 Gate .
avoid Sears on your way to the Spiritus Fermenti .
avoid Second Time Around on your way to the Littlefield Hall .
avoid John Carter Brown Library on your way to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
avoid Andrews Hall on your way to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
avoid Champlin Hall on your way to the Finlandia .
avoid Wriston Quad on your way to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ while always avoiding Sharpe House
go to the Miller Hall while always avoiding GeoChem and Macmillian Hall
go to the Sharpe House while always avoiding Caswell Hall
go to the Andrews Terrace while always avoiding Carrie Tower
go to the Wriston Quad while always avoiding Thayer and Meeting
go to the Van Wickle Gates while always avoiding Hillel House
go to the Pembroke Park while always avoiding Soldiers Memorial Gate
go to the Marston Hall while always avoiding 111 Brown Street North House
go to the Emery Hall while always avoiding Quiet Green
go to the Quiet Green while always avoiding Pembroke Hall
go to the Second Time Around while always avoiding Lincoln Field Building
go to the Avon Cinema while always avoiding Manning
go to the Pleasant Surprises while always avoiding Marston Hall
go to the Spiritus Fermenti while always avoiding Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology
go to the Andrews Terrace while always avoiding Swearer Center for Public Service
go to the College Hill Bookstore while always avoiding Marcus Aurelius
go to the Soban while always avoiding Urban Environmental Lab
go to the Sayles Hall while always avoiding East Side Station Post Office
go to the Pembroke Park avoiding Littlefield Hall .
go to the Berk's;Shanghai avoiding Slater Hall .
go to the Peter Green House avoiding Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to the Horace Mann House avoiding J. R. Workman Garden .
go to the Maxcy Hall avoiding New Pembroke 3 .
go to the CVS avoiding Sharpe Refectory .
go to the Supercuts avoiding Citizen's Bank .
go to the New Pembroke 1 avoiding Hope College .
go to the Biomedical Center avoiding Kassar House .
go to the Emery Hall avoiding Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to the BERT avoiding Champlin Hall .
go to the Berk's;Shanghai avoiding Maddock Alumni  .
go to the J. R. Workman Garden avoiding Brown Bear .
go to the Brown University Bookstore avoiding Sharpe Refectory .
go to the Avon Cinema avoiding Quiet Green .
head to the Soldiers Memorial Gate avoiding Miller Hall .
head to the Thayer and Cushing avoiding Blue Room .
head to the Brown University avoiding 164 Angel .
head to the Salomon Center for Teaching avoiding Second Time Around .
head to the West House avoiding Lippit House .
head to the Sidney Frank Hall avoiding List Art Building .
head to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences avoiding New Pembroke 3 .
head to the New Pembroke 2 avoiding Lot 18 .
head to the Meeting Street Cafe avoiding Barus Building .
head to the Brown University avoiding Miller Hall .
head to the Andrews Hall avoiding Starbucks .
go to the Brown Bear and avoid Emery Hall .
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall and avoid Sharpe House .
go to the John Carter Brown Library and avoid Thayer and Meeting .
go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate and avoid J. R. Workman Garden .
go to the Rockefeller Library and avoid New Pembroke 3 .
go to the Prospect House and avoid CVS .
go to the Granoff Center and avoid Lot 17 .
go to the Meeting Street Cafe and avoid John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to the Slater Hall and avoid 219 Bowen .
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop and avoid Miller Hall .
go to the Sayles Hall and avoid Biomedical Center .
go to the Blue Room and avoid Thayer and Cushing .
go to the Biomedical Center and avoid BERT .
go to the New Pembroke 4 and avoid Salomon Center for Teaching .
always avoid Prospect House and go to the New Pembroke 3 .
always avoid New Pembroke 4 and go to the Hughes Court .
always avoid 164 Angel and go to the John Hay Library .
always avoid Avon Cinema and go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
always avoid New Pembroke 3 and go to the Littlefield Hall .
always avoid CVS and go to the John Hay Library .
always avoid Simmons Quadrangle and go to the 164 Angel .
always avoid 111 Brown Street North House and go to the Arnold Laboratory .
always avoid Littlefield Hall and go to the New Pembroke 4 .
always avoid Soban and go to the Rhode Island Hall .
always avoid Sharpe House and go to the Starbucks .
always avoid Brown Center for Students of Color and go to the Miller Hall .
always avoid Casey Shearer Memorial and go to the Morriss Hall .
avoid College Hill Bookstore and go to the P-131317 .
avoid Avon Cinema and go to the Brown Bear .
avoid Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity and go to the Emery Hall .
avoid Prince Engineering Lab and go to the Andrews Terrace .
avoid College Hill Bookstore and go to the Brown Bear .
avoid Hughes Court and go to the Emery & Wooley .
avoid Avon Cinema and go to the Shirley Miller House .
avoid Wilbour Hall and go to the Emery Hall .
avoid John Hay Library and go to the Thayer and Cushing .
avoid Sears and go to the 219 Bowen .
avoid Salon Persia and go to the 67 George .
avoid John Carter Brown Library and go to the Thayer and Cushing .
avoid Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop and go to the Andreas .
avoid Slavery Memorial and go to the New Pembroke 1 .
avoid Brown University Sciences Library and move into the Andreas .
avoid Citizen's Bank and move into the Biomedical Center .
avoid Brown Bear and move into the New Pembroke 1 .
avoid New Pembroke 2 and move into the College Green .
avoid Metcalf Research Building and move into the New Pembroke 3 .
avoid New Pembroke 4 and move into the Slater Hall .
avoid Smith Buonanno Hall and move into the Kassar House .
avoid Class of 1887 Gate and move into the Brown University Bookstore .
avoid Thayer and Meeting and move into the Rhode Island Hall .
avoid Soldiers Memorial Gate and move into the Verney-Woolley Hall .
avoid Wilbour Hall and move into the 164 Angel .
avoid Thayer and Meeting and go to the Starbucks .
avoid Second Time Around and go to the Walter Hall .
avoid Idee di pietra and go to the Berk's;Shanghai .
avoid Horace Mann House and go to the Miller Hall .
avoid List Art Building and go to the Pembroke Park .
avoid Untitled Lamp/Bear and go to the Blue State Coffee .
avoid Supercuts and go to the Hope College .
avoid Quiet Green and go to the J. R. Workman Garden .
avoid Mencoff Hall and go to the Pembroke Hall .
avoid Rockefeller Library and go to the Berk's;Shanghai .
avoid Quiet Green and go to the Granoff Center .
avoid Sidney Frank Hall and go to the Rhode Island Hall .
avoid Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop and go to the Brown University Bookstore .
avoid Thayer and Meeting and go to the Robinson Gate .
avoid Manning and go to the Meeting Street Cafe .
avoid Andrews Terrace and go to the Maxcy Green .
avoid Granoff Center and go to the Marcus Aurelius .
avoid Blue State Coffee and go to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to the The Ivy Room while avoiding Champlin Hall
go to the Lot 17 while avoiding Pleasant Surprises
go to the The Ivy Room while avoiding Andrews Hall
go to the Marcus Aurelius while avoiding Biomedical Center
go to the Pembroke Hall while avoiding William Goddard Memorial Gate
go to the Miller Hall while avoiding Lincoln Field Building
go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate while avoiding Granoff Center
go to the Class of 1872 Gate while avoiding Supercuts
go to the Minden Hall while avoiding 219 Bowen
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop while avoiding Granoff Center
go to the Minden Hall while avoiding New Pembroke 4
go to the Wilbour Hall while avoiding Avon Cinema
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority while avoiding Metcalf Hall
go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building while avoiding Sears
go to the BERT while avoiding Second Time Around
go to the Lyman Hall while avoiding Sidney Frank Hall
go to the The Ivy Room while avoiding CVS
navigate to the Soban while avoiding Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
navigate to the Marcus Aurelius while avoiding Spiritus Fermenti .
navigate to the Prospect House while avoiding Pembroke Hall .
navigate to the Sharpe Refectory while avoiding Morriss Hall .
navigate to the Slavery Memorial while avoiding 164 Angel .
navigate to the Hillel House while avoiding Untitled Lamp/Bear .
navigate to the Granoff Center while avoiding Brown Bear .
navigate to the Verney-Woolley Hall while avoiding John Hay Library .
navigate to the Andreas while avoiding Slater Hall .
navigate to the East Side Station Post Office while avoiding Marston Hall .
navigate to the New Pembroke 3 while avoiding Kassar House .
navigate to the Marston Hall while avoiding East Side Station Post Office .
navigate to the J. R. Workman Garden while avoiding Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
navigate to the Sidney Frank Hall while avoiding Class of 1887 Gate .
navigate to the Lippit House while avoiding Thayer and Cushing .
navigate to the Emery & Wooley while avoiding Robinson Gate .
go to the New Pembroke 4 without going to Maxcy Green .
go to the Hillel House without going to Maddock Alumni  .
go to the Andreas without going to Caswell Hall .
go to the 219 Bowen without going to John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to the Prospect House without going to Andrews Hall .
go to the 164 Angel without going to Maxcy Green .
go to the Medical Research Lab without going to Emery Hall .
go to the New Pembroke 4 without going to University Hall .
go to the Marcus Aurelius without going to Berk's;Shanghai .
go to the University Hall without going to J. R. Workman Garden .
go to the Slavery Memorial without going to Berk's;Shanghai .
go to the Champlin Hall without going to Wayland .
go to the Alumnae Hall without going to Prospect House .
go through the Brown University Sciences Library to Second Time Around .
go through the West House to Sayles Hall .
go through the Brown University to Andreas .
go through the Soban to William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go through the Thayer and Cushing to Van Wickle Gates .
go through the Blue State Coffee to Campus Market .
go through the Avon Cinema to Shirley Miller House .
go through the Metcalf Hall to Wriston Quad .
go through the Untitled Lamp/Bear to Morriss Hall .
go through the Maddock Alumni  to Hillel House .
go through the BERT to Miller Hall .
go through the New Pembroke 4 to Watson Center for Information Technology .
go through the William Goddard Memorial Gate to New Pembroke 4 .
go through the Thayer and Meeting to Campus Market .
go through the Meeting Street Cafe to Quiet Green .
go through the Salon Persia to Prospect House .
go through the Soban to Brown Bear .
go through the College Green to Champlin Hall .
go through the Miller Hall to Wriston Quad .
go to the Alumnae Hall and then to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to the War Memorial and then to Pleasant Surprises .
go to the Facing Thayer and then to Lincoln Field Building .
go to the Citizen's Bank and then to Spiritus Fermenti .
go to the Hughes Court and then to Salon Persia .
go to the Robinson Gate and then to Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the Robinson Hall and then to Thayer and Cushing .
go to the Champlin Hall and then to Robinson Hall .
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity and then to Sharpe House .
go to the Avon Cinema and then to Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to the Sears and then to Andreas .
go to the John Hay Library and then to Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate and then to Pleasant Surprises .
go to the Pleasant Surprises and then to College Green .
go to the Brown Bear and then to Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to the Norwood House and then to New Pembroke 4 .
go to the Second Time Around and then to Arnold Laboratory .
move to Lot 17 , but travel to the Salon Persia first .
move to Metcalf Research Building , but travel to the New Pembroke 4 first .
move to Spiritus Fermenti , but travel to the Class of 1887 Gate first .
move to Lippit House , but travel to the Pembroke Park first .
move to Lippit House , but travel to the Berk's;Shanghai first .
move to Sidney Frank Hall , but travel to the Lippit House first .
move to Brown Bear , but travel to the Andreas first .
move to Metcalf Hall , but travel to the Brown University Sciences Library first .
move to Soban , but travel to the Lyman Hall first .
move to Simmons Quadrangle , but travel to the Andreas first .
move to Sidney Frank Hall , but travel to the Starbucks first .
move to Rhode Island Hall , but travel to the Sharpe House first .
move to CVS , but travel to the Saint Stephens Church first .
move to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop , but travel to the Sidney Frank Hall first .
move to Morriss Hall , but travel to the Soldiers Memorial Gate first .
move to Andreas , but travel to the Manning first .
move to Hillel House , but travel to the Metcalf Research Building first .
go from the Starbucks to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go from the Brown University Sciences Library to Smith Buonanno Hall .
go from the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building to Minden Hall .
go from the Facing Thayer to Prospect House .
go from the John Hay Library to Miller Hall .
go from the Avon Cinema to Class of 1872 Gate .
go from the Brown Center for Students of Color to Spiritus Fermenti .
go from the Maxcy Green to 219 Bowen .
go from the Verney-Woolley Hall to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go from the Campus Market to Metcalf Hall .
go from the Sharpe House to Horace Mann House .
go from the Lot 18 to Peter Green House .
go from the Granoff Center to Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go from the Littlefield Hall to Sharpe House .
go from the Saint Stephens Church to Facing Thayer .
go from the Pembroke Hall to Sears .
go to New Pembroke 2 through the Sears
go to 111 Brown Street North House through the Lot 17
go to Second Time Around through the Hope College
go to Second Time Around through the Idee di pietra
go to Brown Bear through the Miller Hall
go to Untitled Lamp/Bear through the CVS
go to West House through the Prospect House
go to Campus Market through the Andrews Terrace
go to Sharpe House through the Sharpe Refectory
go to Brown Bear through the Peter Green House
go to Brown University Bookstore through the Manning
go to Emery & Wooley through the Class of 1872 Gate
go to Brown University through the 111 Brown Street North House
go to J. R. Workman Garden through the P-131317
go to Simmons Quadrangle through the 219 Bowen
go to Arnold Laboratory through the Sidney Frank Hall
go to Biomedical Center through the Watson Center for Information Technology
go to J. R. Workman Garden through the Prospect House
go to Robinson Hall through the 111 Brown Street North House
go to Littlefield Hall through the Brown University Bookstore
go to Pleasant Surprises through the Sharpe Refectory
go to Spiritus Fermenti through the Wilbour Hall
go to Shirley Miller House through the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building
go to Emery Hall through the Rockefeller Library
go to 67 George through the College Hill Bookstore
go to New Pembroke 1 through the Wayland
go to Thayer and Meeting through the Simmons Quadrangle
go to Berk's;Shanghai through the Barus Building
go to College Green through the Andrews Terrace
go to Brown University Bookstore and then to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority
go to Marston Hall and then to 219 Bowen
go to Friedman Hall and then to 164 Angel
go to Circle Dance Sculpture and then to Brown University Bookstore
go to Thayer and Cushing and then to Class of 1872 Gate
go to New Pembroke 3 and then to Sayles Hall
go to Second Time Around and then to Lot 76
go to New Pembroke 2 and then to Lippit House
go to Andrews Hall and then to Maddock Alumni 
go to Alumnae Hall and then to Wayland
go to Second Time Around and then to Hughes Court
go to Verney-Woolley Hall and then to Class of 1872 Gate
go to Littlefield Hall and then to Sidney Frank Hall
go to Maxcy Green and then to New Pembroke 4
go to Emery & Wooley and then to Rhode Island Hall
go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall and then to Pembroke Park
go to J.W. Wilson and then to East Side Station Post Office
go to Pleasant Surprises and then to Arnold Laboratory
go to 164 Angel and then to Class of 1872 Gate
go through the Soban to Shirley Miller House .
go through the Sidney Frank Hall to John Carter Brown Library .
go through the Emery Hall to Maxcy Green .
go through the Verney-Woolley Hall to Minden Hall .
go through the 111 Brown Street North House to Friedman Hall .
go through the Wriston Quad to Soban .
go through the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority to Spiritus Fermenti .
go through the Spiritus Fermenti to Maddock Alumni  .
go through the Lyman Hall to New Pembroke 4 .
go through the Salomon Center for Teaching to Facing Thayer .
go through the Supercuts to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to the Pleasant Surprises before you navigate to Blue Room .
go to the Blue Room before you navigate to West House .
go to the Manning before you navigate to Alumnae Hall .
go to the Andrews Terrace before you navigate to Walter Hall .
go to the Berk's;Shanghai before you navigate to Maxcy Hall .
go to the New Pembroke 2 before you navigate to Maxcy Hall .
go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology before you navigate to Peter Green House .
go to the 111 Brown Street North House before you navigate to Wriston Quad .
go to the Sharpe Refectory before you navigate to Hillel House .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall before you navigate to Wayland .
go to the Hope College before you navigate to Andreas .
go to the Spiritus Fermenti before you navigate to The Ivy Room .
go to the Saint Stephens Church before you navigate to CVS .
go to the New Pembroke 3 before you navigate to Prince Engineering Lab .
go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear before you navigate to Thayer and Cushing .
travel to the Brown University Bookstore and then go to Manning .
travel to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ and then go to New Pembroke 2 .
travel to the Blue State Coffee and then go to College Green .
travel to the BERT and then go to Spiritus Fermenti .
travel to the Van Wickle Gates and then go to New Pembroke 4 .
travel to the Pleasant Surprises and then go to Horace Mann House .
travel to the 111 Brown Street North House and then go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
travel to the Supercuts and then go to Class of 1872 Gate .
travel to the East Side Station Post Office and then go to 67 George .
travel to the Littlefield Hall and then go to New Pembroke 3 .
travel to the Verney-Woolley Hall and then go to Marston Hall .
travel to the Wriston Quad and then go to 219 Bowen .
travel to the Shirley Miller House and then go to Facing Thayer .
travel to the Soban and then go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
travel to the Salon Persia and then go to Class of 1887 Gate .
travel to the Metcalf Hall and then go to Finlandia .
go to the Facing Thayer and then to Lyman Hall .
go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building and then to Caswell Hall .
go to the Campus Market and then to Spiritus Fermenti .
go to the Pembroke Hall and then to Maddock Alumni  .
go to the Class of 1887 Gate and then to Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to the Maxcy Hall and then to New Pembroke 4 .
go to the Andrews Terrace and then to Hegeman .
go to the Soban and then to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to the Thayer and Cushing and then to Idee di pietra .
go to the J. R. Workman Garden and then to Saint Stephens Church .
go to the Morriss Hall and then to Brown University .
go to the John Hay Library and then to Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the Smith Buonanno Hall and then head to Wilbour Hall .
go to the New Pembroke 2 and then head to P-131317 .
go to the New Pembroke 2 and then head to Robinson Hall .
go to the Minden Hall and then head to West House .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall and then head to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to the Starbucks and then head to Pembroke Park .
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate and then head to Hillel House .
go to the Lot 76 and then head to 111 Brown Street North House .
go to the Andrews Terrace and then head to Wriston Quad .
go to the Wilbour Hall and then head to Granoff Center .
go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building and then head to Faunce House .
go to the Champlin Hall and then head to Wayland .
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall and then head to Slater Hall .
go to the Pleasant Surprises and then head to Maxcy Hall .
go to the Friedman Hall and then head to Biomedical Center .
go to the J. R. Workman Garden and then head to Urban Environmental Lab .
go to the John Carter Brown Library and then head to Alumnae Hall .
go to the Miller Hall and then head to Prospect House .
navigate to Miller Hall through the Prince Engineering Lab .
navigate to Rockefeller Library through the Granoff Center .
navigate to West House through the Minden Hall .
navigate to John Nicholas Brown Gate through the Pembroke Hall .
navigate to Miller Hall through the Slavery Memorial .
navigate to J. R. Workman Garden through the Maxcy Green .
navigate to Swearer Center for Public Service through the Soban .
navigate to Watson Center for Information Technology through the Spiritus Fermenti .
navigate to Metcalf Research Building through the Thayer and Meeting .
navigate to Sears through the Spiritus Fermenti .
navigate to Sidney Frank Hall through the War Memorial .
go to Champlin Hall . then go directly to Swearer Center for Public Service
go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences . then go directly to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building
go to Facing Thayer . then go directly to Rhode Island Hall
go to Starbucks . then go directly to Pembroke Hall
go to Gardner House . then go directly to Meeting Street Cafe
go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate . then go directly to Salon Persia
go to New Pembroke 3 . then go directly to 67 George
go to Second Time Around . then go directly to Lippit House
go to Lippit House . then go directly to Avon Cinema
go to Spiritus Fermenti . then go directly to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity
go to BERT . then go directly to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building
go to Robinson Hall . then go directly to Meeting Street Cafe
go to Hegeman . then go directly to East Side Station Post Office
go to Soban . then go directly to Wriston Quad
go to 219 Bowen . then go directly to University Hall
go to the Supercuts then go to Lot 18 .
go to the Slater Hall then go to Andreas .
go to the Sharpe House then go to Marcus Aurelius .
go to the Brown University Bookstore then go to Blue Room .
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall then go to Rockefeller Library .
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ then go to Pleasant Surprises .
go to the Second Time Around then go to Quiet Green .
go to the Metcalf Hall then go to Maxcy Hall .
go to the New Pembroke 1 then go to Urban Environmental Lab .
go to the Hillel House then go to Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Barus Building then go to Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to the Facing Thayer then go to Robinson Hall .
go to the Blue State Coffee then go to Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall then go to Sharpe Refectory .
go to the Caswell Hall then go College Hill Bookstore .
go to the Lincoln Field Building then go New Pembroke 3 .
go to the Alumnae Hall then go Manning .
go to the Class of 1872 Gate then go Supercuts .
go to the Andreas then go Lot 18 .
go to the East Side Station Post Office then go University Hall .
go to the Supercuts then go Minden Hall .
go to the Wilbour Hall then go Morriss Hall .
go to the Berk's;Shanghai then go Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to the 67 George then go New Pembroke 1 .
go to College Hill Bookstore via the Maddock Alumni  .
go to John Nicholas Brown Gate via the Champlin Hall .
go to Lyman Hall via the Blue State Coffee .
go to Soldiers Memorial Gate via the College Hill Bookstore .
go to Hope College via the West House .
go to New Pembroke 1 via the Robinson Gate .
go to Andreas via the Sears .
go to The Ivy Room via the Thayer and Cushing .
go to Sharpe House via the List Art Building .
go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences via the Salon Persia .
go to Swearer Center for Public Service via the West House .
go to Robinson Gate via the Facing Thayer .
go to Idee di pietra via the CVS .
go to West House via the War Memorial .
go to Brown Center for Students of Color via the Peter Green House .
go to J. R. Workman Garden via the John Hay Library .
go to Andrews Hall via the Sayles Hall .
go to Sidney Frank Hall via the The Ivy Room .
go to Marston Hall via the East Side Station Post Office .
go to Maxcy Hall via the Spiritus Fermenti .
go to 67 George through the Champlin Hall .
go to Brown University through the Peter Green House .
go to Circle Dance Sculpture through the 219 Bowen .
go to Walter Hall through the Blue State Coffee .
go to Class of 1887 Gate through the J. R. Workman Garden .
go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity through the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to 86 Waterman  through the 111 Brown Street North House .
go to 219 Bowen through the Campus Market .
go to Lippit House through the Hillel House .
go to Andrews Hall through the Wriston Quad .
go from Class of 1872 Gate to 111 Brown Street North House .
go from Hillel House to Sharpe Refectory .
go from Sidney Frank Hall to War Memorial .
go from Sidney Frank Hall to Brown Bear .
go from Pleasant Surprises to Salomon Center for Teaching .
go from Lot 17 to Morriss Hall .
go from The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ to Pembroke Hall .
go from Barus Building to Andreas .
go from West House to Watson Center for Information Technology .
go from Emery & Wooley to Watson Center for Information Technology .
go from Soban to Urban Environmental Lab .
go from 219 Bowen to Rhode Island Hall .
go from Lincoln Field Building to Andreas .
navigate to Smith Buonanno Hall through the Carrie Tower .
navigate to Morriss Hall through the Marston Hall .
navigate to Alumnae Hall through the Mencoff Hall .
navigate to Peter Green House through the Lippit House .
navigate to Second Time Around through the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
navigate to Andrews Hall through the Metcalf Research Building .
navigate to Meeting Street Cafe through the Lot 17 .
navigate to Manning through the Salon Persia .
navigate to Sidney Frank Hall through the Lot 18 .
navigate to Circle Dance Sculpture through the Supercuts .
navigate to 219 Bowen through the Hughes Court .
navigate to Biomedical Center through the Brown Bear .
navigate to Mencoff Hall through the Soban .
navigate to the Slater Hall then continue to Thayer and Cushing .
navigate to the Pembroke Hall then continue to J.W. Wilson .
navigate to the Shirley Miller House then continue to Peter Green House .
navigate to the Pembroke Park then continue to Marcus Aurelius .
navigate to the 219 Bowen then continue to Minden Hall .
navigate to the College Green then continue to Sidney Frank Hall .
navigate to the Manning then continue to Hillel House .
navigate to the Class of 1872 Gate then continue to New Pembroke 1 .
navigate to the Prince Engineering Lab then continue to West House .
navigate to the Emery Hall then continue to Lippit House .
navigate to the Verney-Woolley Hall then continue to Robinson Hall .
move to the Lot 76 and then head to Spiritus Fermenti .
move to the Metcalf Hall and then head to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
move to the Verney-Woolley Hall and then head to Caswell Hall .
move to the Salon Persia and then head to Class of 1872 Gate .
move to the Peter Green House and then head to Wriston Quad .
move to the John Nicholas Brown Gate and then head to J. R. Workman Garden .
move to the Brown Center for Students of Color and then head to New Pembroke 4 .
move to the Andrews Terrace and then head to Starbucks .
move to the Emery Hall and then head to Metcalf Research Building .
move to the West House and then head to John Hay Library .
move to the Lyman Hall and then head to Champlin Hall .
move to the Verney-Woolley Hall and then head to Hegeman .
move to the Friedman Hall and then head to Pleasant Surprises .
move to the Andrews Hall and then head to William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to Emery Hall after navigating to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to Gardner House after navigating to the 219 Bowen .
go to Andrews Hall after navigating to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to Faunce House after navigating to the College Hill Bookstore .
go to Thayer and Cushing after navigating to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to Miller Hall after navigating to the The Ivy Room .
go to J. R. Workman Garden after navigating to the Medical Research Lab .
go to 111 Brown Street North House after navigating to the Walter Hall .
go to Lot 17 after navigating to the Second Time Around .
go to West House after navigating to the Marcus Aurelius .
go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority after navigating to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to Smith Buonanno Hall after navigating to the Idee di pietra .
go to 111 Brown Street North House after navigating to the 67 George .
go to Alumnae Hall after navigating to the Marston Hall .
go to Lincoln Field Building after navigating to the Pembroke Hall .
go to Swearer Center for Public Service after navigating to the Morriss Hall .
go to Miller Hall through the BERT .
go to Sidney Frank Hall through the Gardner House .
go to Verney-Woolley Hall through the Lot 76 .
go to Arnold Laboratory through the Meeting Street Cafe .
go to Andreas through the Rhode Island Hall .
go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology through the Pleasant Surprises .
go to Miller Hall through the BERT .
go to Andrews Hall through the Quiet Green .
go to Sears through the Alumnae Hall .
go to Smith Buonanno Hall through the 67 George .
go to Pembroke Park through the The Ivy Room
go to Class of 1887 Gate through the New Pembroke 1
go to New Pembroke 3 through the Untitled Lamp/Bear
go to Hope College through the Thayer and Cushing
go to Sidney Frank Hall through the Brown University
go to Soban through the Circle Dance Sculpture
go to New Pembroke 2 through the Hegeman
go to Emery & Wooley through the Robinson Gate
go to Peter Green House through the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop
go to Thayer and Meeting through the War Memorial
go to Prince Engineering Lab through the Pembroke Hall
go to Andrews Hall through the Minden Hall
go to Marston Hall through the 219 Bowen
go to Hughes Court through the Thayer and Meeting
go to Soldiers Memorial Gate through the West House
go to Pembroke Hall through the John Carter Brown Library
go through the Sharpe House to Class of 1872 Gate .
go through the Sidney Frank Hall to Prospect House .
go through the Sharpe House to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go through the College Hill Bookstore to Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go through the Salon Persia to Simmons Quadrangle .
go through the Slater Hall to New Pembroke 2 .
go through the Andrews Hall to BERT .
go through the 111 Brown Street North House to Blue Room .
go through the New Pembroke 2 to Citizen's Bank .
go through the New Pembroke 2 to Carrie Tower .
go through the Gardner House to New Pembroke 3 .
go through the Brown University Bookstore to Barus Building .
go through the Robinson Hall to J. R. Workman Garden .
go through the Robinson Gate to West House .
go through the Thayer and Meeting to Walter Hall .
go through the Pembroke Park to Starbucks .
go through the Peter Green House to Hegeman .
go through the Robinson Hall to Emery Hall .
go through the Second Time Around to Brown Bear .
go through the College Hill Bookstore to Brown Bear .
go from the List Art Building to Miller Hall
go from the Second Time Around to Soldiers Memorial Gate
go from the John Nicholas Brown Gate to Biomedical Center
go from the Soban to 86 Waterman 
go from the Granoff Center to Slavery Memorial
go from the Hope College to Smith Buonanno Hall
go from the Marston Hall to West House
go from the Van Wickle Gates to Berk's;Shanghai
go from the New Pembroke 3 to Sears
go from the Manning to Miller Hall
go from the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority to 219 Bowen
go from the Wilbour Hall to 111 Brown Street North House
go from the Littlefield Hall to Pembroke Park
go from the Thayer and Cushing to Littlefield Hall
go from the Campus Market to Pleasant Surprises
go from the Emery & Wooley to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology
go from the P-131317 to Andrews Terrace
go from the Thayer and Meeting to William Goddard Memorial Gate
move to 219 Bowen after moving to the BERT .
move to Watson Center for Information Technology after moving to the Pleasant Surprises .
move to Kassar House after moving to the College Hill Bookstore .
move to Morriss Hall after moving to the Lot 17 .
move to Caswell Hall after moving to the Avon Cinema .
move to Metcalf Hall after moving to the The Ivy Room .
move to William Goddard Memorial Gate after moving to the New Pembroke 1 .
move to West House after moving to the Saint Stephens Church .
move to Andrews Hall after moving to the Brown Bear .
move to Mencoff Hall after moving to the Pembroke Park .
move to War Memorial after moving to the Thayer and Meeting .
move to Andrews Terrace after moving to the Robinson Hall .
move to Mencoff Hall after moving to the Spiritus Fermenti .
move to Metcalf Hall after moving to the Lyman Hall .
move to Thayer and Cushing after moving to the Sears .
move to Circle Dance Sculpture after moving to the Pleasant Surprises .
move to Thayer and Cushing after moving to the Robinson Hall .
go to Hillel House via the Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to Shirley Miller House via the Miller Hall .
go to New Pembroke 3 via the Lot 76 .
go to Wayland via the Facing Thayer .
go to Thayer and Meeting via the Lyman Hall .
go to Verney-Woolley Hall via the 67 George .
go to Rhode Island Hall via the New Pembroke 1 .
go to Lot 18 via the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to Avon Cinema via the BERT .
go to Second Time Around via the Lippit House .
go to Miller Hall via the Robinson Hall .
go to Champlin Hall via the Hughes Court .
navigate to the Simmons Quadrangle before going to Brown University Bookstore .
navigate to the Rhode Island Hall before going to CVS .
navigate to the Sidney Frank Hall before going to Friedman Hall .
navigate to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences before going to Morriss Hall .
navigate to the Avon Cinema before going to Lot 18 .
navigate to the Horace Mann House before going to East Side Station Post Office .
navigate to the Verney-Woolley Hall before going to Lot 76 .
navigate to the Morriss Hall before going to Wilbour Hall .
navigate to the Metcalf Research Building before going to Pleasant Surprises .
navigate to the J. R. Workman Garden before going to Robinson Gate .
navigate to the Soldiers Memorial Gate before going to Andrews Terrace .
navigate to the Smith Buonanno Hall before going to Norwood House .
navigate to the Lyman Hall before going to Champlin Hall .
navigate to the West House before going to Brown Center for Students of Color .
navigate to the New Pembroke 2 before going to Blue Room .
navigate to the Soban before going to Brown Bear .
go from the Granoff Center to the Class of 1887 Gate
go from the Andrews Hall to the Shirley Miller House
go from the 86 Waterman  to the CVS
go from the Hope College to the Second Time Around
go from the Campus Market to the Verney-Woolley Hall
go from the Rockefeller Library to the Andrews Hall
go from the Medical Research Lab to the Emery Hall
go from the Medical Research Lab to the Thayer and Cushing
go from the Brown University to the Granoff Center
go from the Andrews Hall to the Hughes Court
go from the Avon Cinema to the The Ivy Room
go from the Van Wickle Gates to the Smith Buonanno Hall
navigate to the Minden Hall always passing through the Verney-Woolley Hall .
navigate to the Brown University always passing through the New Pembroke 4 .
navigate to the BERT always passing through the CVS .
navigate to the Robinson Hall always passing through the New Pembroke 1 .
navigate to the Sidney Frank Hall always passing through the Campus Market .
navigate to the John Nicholas Brown Gate always passing through the New Pembroke 1 .
navigate to the Metcalf Hall always passing through the Lot 76 .
navigate to the Wilbour Hall always passing through the Spiritus Fermenti .
navigate to the Biomedical Center always passing through the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
navigate to the Granoff Center always passing through the University Hall .
navigate to the J.W. Wilson always passing through the New Pembroke 3 .
navigate to the Sidney Frank Hall always passing through the Wayland .
navigate to the Miller Hall always passing through the Rockefeller Library .
navigate to the West House always passing through the Class of 1887 Gate .
navigate to the CVS always passing through the Kassar House .
navigate to the Robinson Hall always passing through the College Hill Bookstore .
navigate to the Brown University Bookstore always passing through the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to the Citizen's Bank by first going to the Brown University Bookstore .
go to the Meeting Street Cafe by first going to the Campus Market .
go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate by first going to the Alumnae Hall .
go to the J. R. Workman Garden by first going to the Finlandia .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall by first going to the Maxcy Green .
go to the John Hay Library by first going to the Berk's;Shanghai .
go to the Class of 1872 Gate by first going to the Facing Thayer .
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching by first going to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop by first going to the CVS .
go to the Emery Hall by first going to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to the 219 Bowen by first going to the John Hay Library .
go to the 164 Angel by first going to the Rhode Island Hall .
go to the Emery & Wooley by first going to the Campus Market .
go to the Brown Bear by first going to the Hillel House .
go to the Avon Cinema by first going to the Prince Engineering Lab .
go to the New Pembroke 4 then the Class of 1872 Gate .
go to the Saint Stephens Church then the 111 Brown Street North House .
go to the Andrews Terrace then the Maddock Alumni  .
go to the Emery & Wooley then the Kassar House .
go to the Metcalf Hall then the University Hall .
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color then the Thayer and Meeting .
go to the Andrews Terrace then the Starbucks .
go to the Brown Bear then the Hillel House .
go to the Medical Research Lab then the Avon Cinema .
go to the Facing Thayer then the Rockefeller Library .
go to the Finlandia then the Salon Persia .
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall then the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to the Peter Green House then the 67 George .
go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear then the Alumnae Hall .
go to the Van Wickle Gates then the Pembroke Hall .
go to the Lot 18 then the West House .
go to the Brown Bear then the Avon Cinema .
go to the List Art Building then the Hillel House .
go to the Circle Dance Sculpture then the Granoff Center .
navigate to the Class of 1887 Gate , and then navigate to the Andreas .
navigate to the College Green , and then navigate to the New Pembroke 2 .
navigate to the Brown University Sciences Library , and then navigate to the Facing Thayer .
navigate to the Metcalf Research Building , and then navigate to the Morriss Hall .
navigate to the Prospect House , and then navigate to the Emery Hall .
navigate to the Quiet Green , and then navigate to the Biomedical Center .
navigate to the Thayer and Cushing , and then navigate to the Hegeman .
navigate to the Blue Room , and then navigate to the Morriss Hall .
navigate to the Finlandia , and then navigate to the Berk's;Shanghai .
navigate to the Metcalf Hall , and then navigate to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
navigate to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ , and then navigate to the New Pembroke 3 .
navigate to the Lot 76 , and then navigate to the Avon Cinema .
navigate to the Manning , and then navigate to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
navigate to the Andrews Hall , and then navigate to the Wilbour Hall .
navigate to the Meeting Street Cafe , and then navigate to the Kassar House .
navigate to the Mencoff Hall , and then navigate to the Blue State Coffee .
navigate to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences , and then navigate to the Sharpe House .
go to the Second Time Around through the William Goddard Memorial Gate
go to the Maxcy Green through the Second Time Around
go to the 86 Waterman  through the Peter Green House
go to the John Carter Brown Library through the Berk's;Shanghai
go to the Shirley Miller House through the Granoff Center
go to the Prospect House through the Sidney Frank Hall
go to the Gardner House through the Andreas
go to the Peter Green House through the Wriston Quad
go to the University Hall through the Soban
go to the Friedman Hall through the 219 Bowen
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall through the New Pembroke 2
go to the Swearer Center for Public Service through the Sidney Frank Hall
go to the Andreas through the BERT
go to the Horace Mann House through the Facing Thayer
go to the CVS through the BERT
go to the Supercuts , and then go to the Class of 1872 Gate .
go to the Meeting Street Cafe , and then go to the Starbucks .
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology , and then go to the West House .
go to the Emery & Wooley , and then go to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the J.W. Wilson , and then go to the Soban .
go to the Supercuts , and then go to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Littlefield Hall , and then go to the West House .
go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building , and then go to the Maddock Alumni  .
go to the Morriss Hall , and then go to the Horace Mann House .
go to the College Hill Bookstore , and then go to the Lippit House .
go to the Brown University Bookstore , and then go to the Saint Stephens Church .
go to the Urban Environmental Lab , and then go to the Pembroke Park .
go to the Andreas , and then go to the Lyman Hall .
go to the Meeting Street Cafe , and then go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear , and then go to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to the West House , and then go to the Shirley Miller House .
go to the Berk's;Shanghai , and then go to the Hope College .
go to the Pembroke Hall , and then go to the Lot 17 .
go to the Brown University Bookstore , and then go to the Caswell Hall .
go through the Mencoff Hall to the Peter Green House .
go through the John Hay Library to the Second Time Around .
go through the Champlin Hall to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go through the Littlefield Hall to the College Hill Bookstore .
go through the Watson Center for Information Technology to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
go through the Norwood House to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go through the Berk's;Shanghai to the Saint Stephens Church .
go through the 111 Brown Street North House to the Citizen's Bank .
go through the John Nicholas Brown Gate to the Salon Persia .
go through the Meeting Street Cafe to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go through the Brown University Bookstore to the Brown University Sciences Library .
go through the Lincoln Field Building to the Pleasant Surprises .
go through the Lincoln Field Building to the Berk's;Shanghai .
go through the John Carter Brown Library to the Miller Hall .
go through the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop to the Blue State Coffee .
go through the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences to the Hillel House .
go through the Pembroke Hall to the Wriston Quad .
from the Carrie Tower , navigate to the West House .
from the P-131317 , navigate to the West House .
from the CVS , navigate to the Sears .
from the J.W. Wilson , navigate to the Sidney Frank Hall .
from the West House , navigate to the List Art Building .
from the Emery Hall , navigate to the Urban Environmental Lab .
from the Sidney Frank Hall , navigate to the College Green .
from the Champlin Hall , navigate to the Sayles Hall .
from the Avon Cinema , navigate to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
from the Hughes Court , navigate to the Andreas .
from the Idee di pietra , navigate to the New Pembroke 2 .
from the Peter Green House , navigate to the Hegeman .
visit the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate and then proceed to the Soban .
visit the Emery & Wooley and then proceed to the Quiet Green .
visit the Spiritus Fermenti and then proceed to the Littlefield Hall .
visit the Thayer and Meeting and then proceed to the Finlandia .
visit the New Pembroke 2 and then proceed to the 86 Waterman  .
visit the Urban Environmental Lab and then proceed to the Salon Persia .
visit the Thayer and Cushing and then proceed to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
visit the Hegeman and then proceed to the Emery Hall .
visit the John Nicholas Brown Gate and then proceed to the New Pembroke 4 .
visit the College Hill Bookstore and then proceed to the Class of 1872 Gate .
visit the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop and then proceed to the CVS .
visit the New Pembroke 3 and then proceed to the 86 Waterman  .
always go from the Smith Buonanno Hall to the Brown University Sciences Library .
always go from the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ to the East Side Station Post Office .
always go from the Avon Cinema to the Hegeman .
always go from the Rockefeller Library to the Granoff Center .
always go from the New Pembroke 2 to the Blue Room .
always go from the Idee di pietra to the Sharpe House .
always go from the Carrie Tower to the Alumnae Hall .
always go from the 111 Brown Street North House to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
always go from the War Memorial to the Emery Hall .
always go from the Van Wickle Gates to the Pembroke Hall .
always go from the University Hall to the Salon Persia .
always go from the Class of 1872 Gate to the Supercuts .
always go from the Sidney Frank Hall to the The Ivy Room .
always go from the Circle Dance Sculpture to the Brown University Bookstore .
always go from the 219 Bowen to the Sayles Hall .
go to the Berk's;Shanghai , then go to the Prince Engineering Lab .
go to the Sears , then go to the Peter Green House .
go to the Minden Hall , then go to the New Pembroke 3 .
go to the Morriss Hall , then go to the Urban Environmental Lab .
go to the Pleasant Surprises , then go to the Hegeman .
go to the Andrews Hall , then go to the Friedman Hall .
go to the Berk's;Shanghai , then go to the Class of 1887 Gate .
go to the Blue State Coffee , then go to the Urban Environmental Lab .
go to the Supercuts , then go to the Rockefeller Library .
go to the Sears , then go to the Spiritus Fermenti .
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall , then go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to the Medical Research Lab , then go to the Emery & Wooley .
go to the Brown University , then go to the Spiritus Fermenti .
go to the 219 Bowen , then go to the Barus Building .
go to the Metcalf Hall , then go to the Wilbour Hall .
go to the Class of 1887 Gate after you go to the Miller Hall .
go to the Brown University Bookstore after you go to the Idee di pietra .
go to the Thayer and Cushing after you go to the Maddock Alumni  .
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall after you go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall after you go to the The Ivy Room .
go to the Avon Cinema after you go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to the Van Wickle Gates after you go to the Thayer and Meeting .
go to the Kassar House after you go to the Andreas .
go to the Lot 18 after you go to the Andrews Hall .
go to the Andrews Terrace after you go to the Faunce House .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall after you go to the Lyman Hall .
go to the Friedman Hall after you go to the Second Time Around .
go to the East Side Station Post Office after you go to the Carrie Tower .
go to the Van Wickle Gates after going to the Blue State Coffee .
go to the Salon Persia after going to the Citizen's Bank .
go to the New Pembroke 1 after going to the Caswell Hall .
go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences after going to the New Pembroke 4 .
go to the Brown University Bookstore after going to the Citizen's Bank .
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching after going to the Second Time Around .
go to the Pleasant Surprises after going to the Maxcy Hall .
go to the Peter Green House after going to the Quiet Green .
go to the Avon Cinema after going to the John Hay Library .
go to the Emery Hall after going to the Simmons Quadrangle .
go to the J.W. Wilson after going to the Thayer and Meeting .
go to the Brown University after going to the Hillel House .
go to the Meeting Street Cafe after going to the Simmons Quadrangle .
go to the West House after going to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to the Robinson Gate after going to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop after going to the Andrews Terrace .
go to the West House after going to the 86 Waterman  .
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall after going to the Carrie Tower .
go to the West House after going to the Idee di pietra .
go through the 67 George to the East Side Station Post Office .
go through the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop to the College Hill Bookstore .
go through the Kassar House to the College Hill Bookstore .
go through the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ to the Thayer and Cushing .
go through the Horace Mann House to the Meeting Street Cafe .
go through the Pembroke Hall to the Urban Environmental Lab .
go through the Norwood House to the Champlin Hall .
go through the Brown Bear to the J. R. Workman Garden .
go through the Thayer and Meeting to the Wayland .
go through the Class of 1872 Gate to the Soban .
go through the Spiritus Fermenti to the College Green .
go through the John Hay Library to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go through the Faunce House to the New Pembroke 2 .
go through the Faunce House to the Granoff Center .
go through the New Pembroke 2 to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go through the Thayer and Cushing to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate through the West House .
go to the Gardner House through the New Pembroke 1 .
go to the Class of 1887 Gate through the West House .
go to the Wayland through the Supercuts .
go to the Blue State Coffee through the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to the Brown Bear through the Alumnae Hall .
go to the 164 Angel through the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to the Biomedical Center through the Marston Hall .
go to the Pembroke Hall through the Arnold Laboratory .
go to the Arnold Laboratory through the Alumnae Hall .
go to the Brown Bear through the 219 Bowen .
visit the Andrews Hall then go to the War Memorial .
visit the Lot 76 then go to the Hillel House .
visit the Supercuts then go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
visit the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop then go to the New Pembroke 3 .
visit the Lyman Hall then go to the Alumnae Hall .
visit the Hillel House then go to the Caswell Hall .
visit the 164 Angel then go to the Sharpe Refectory .
visit the 86 Waterman  then go to the Sharpe House .
visit the Swearer Center for Public Service then go to the Biomedical Center .
visit the Emery Hall then go to the Class of 1887 Gate .
visit the Biomedical Center then go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
visit the Kassar House then go to the Supercuts .
visit the Sidney Frank Hall then go to the Maxcy Green .
visit the Brown Center for Students of Color then go to the Hillel House .
visit the Metcalf Hall then go to the Marcus Aurelius .
visit the Rockefeller Library then go to the 111 Brown Street North House .
visit the College Hill Bookstore then go to the Brown University .
visit the Sidney Frank Hall then go to the Brown University .
visit the Avon Cinema then go to the Maddock Alumni  .
visit the Andreas then go to the 67 George .
move to anywhere on the Lot 17 , then move to anywhere on the Champlin Hall .
move to anywhere on the Andreas , then move to anywhere on the Van Wickle Gates .
move to anywhere on the Gardner House , then move to anywhere on the Emery & Wooley .
move to anywhere on the Hughes Court , then move to anywhere on the Meeting Street Cafe .
move to anywhere on the Supercuts , then move to anywhere on the Norwood House .
move to anywhere on the Gardner House , then move to anywhere on the Biomedical Center .
move to anywhere on the Emery & Wooley , then move to anywhere on the Kassar House .
move to anywhere on the 111 Brown Street North House , then move to anywhere on the BERT .
move to anywhere on the Soban , then move to anywhere on the Lyman Hall .
move to anywhere on the Champlin Hall , then move to anywhere on the Van Wickle Gates .
move to anywhere on the Minden Hall , then move to anywhere on the Thayer and Cushing .
move to anywhere on the Arnold Laboratory , then move to anywhere on the Morriss Hall .
move to anywhere on the Manning , then move to anywhere on the Hillel House .
move to anywhere on the Emery Hall , then move to anywhere on the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
move to anywhere on the 111 Brown Street North House , then move to anywhere on the Walter Hall .
move to anywhere on the New Pembroke 3 , then move to anywhere on the Hope College .
move to anywhere on the Hillel House , then move to anywhere on the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
move to anywhere on the Smith Buonanno Hall , then move to anywhere on the Van Wickle Gates .
navigate to the Smith Buonanno Hall through the John Carter Brown Library .
navigate to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate through the Alumnae Hall .
navigate to the Prospect House through the Brown University Bookstore .
navigate to the Sidney Frank Hall through the Watson Center for Information Technology .
navigate to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology through the Sidney Frank Hall .
navigate to the Biomedical Center through the Hope College .
navigate to the Sharpe Refectory through the CVS .
navigate to the Thayer and Meeting through the Campus Market .
navigate to the College Green through the Champlin Hall .
navigate to the Carrie Tower through the Peter Green House .
navigate to the Untitled Lamp/Bear through the Emery & Wooley .
navigate to the Faunce House through the East Side Station Post Office .
navigate to the Sears through the Andrews Terrace .
navigate to the Hughes Court through the 111 Brown Street North House .
navigate to the Starbucks through the Spiritus Fermenti .
navigate to the Verney-Woolley Hall through the Littlefield Hall .
navigate to the John Carter Brown Library through the Sidney Frank Hall .
navigate to the Thayer and Meeting through the Maxcy Hall .
go to the Marcus Aurelius then go to the West House .
go to the Andreas then go to the List Art Building .
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ then go to the Andreas .
go to the Hillel House then go to the Marston Hall .
go to the Carrie Tower then go to the Granoff Center .
go to the Andrews Terrace then go to the Lot 76 .
go to the Smith Buonanno Hall then go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to the Spiritus Fermenti then go to the Barus Building .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall then go to the The Ivy Room .
go to the Berk's;Shanghai then go to the Lyman Hall .
go to the John Hay Library then go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to the War Memorial then go to the Sharpe House .
go to the Metcalf Research Building then go to the Avon Cinema .
go to the Peter Green House then go to the Gardner House .
go to the Slavery Memorial then go to the Champlin Hall .
go to the Caswell Hall then go to the Pleasant Surprises .
go to the J.W. Wilson then go to the 219 Bowen .
go to the Caswell Hall then go to the Salon Persia .
go to the Simmons Quadrangle through the Berk's;Shanghai
go to the J.W. Wilson through the Emery & Wooley
go to the Soban through the Campus Market
go to the Smith Buonanno Hall through the Shirley Miller House
go to the John Hay Library through the Smith Buonanno Hall
go to the Supercuts through the Manning
go to the Supercuts through the Brown University
go to the Emery Hall through the Sayles Hall
go to the East Side Station Post Office through the Shirley Miller House
go to the Lyman Hall through the Smith Buonanno Hall
go to the Alumnae Hall through the The Ivy Room
go to the Andrews Terrace through the Hegeman
start on the BERT , go directly to the Biomedical Center .
start on the Untitled Lamp/Bear , go directly to the Berk's;Shanghai .
start on the Brown Bear , go directly to the Pembroke Park .
start on the New Pembroke 3 , go directly to the War Memorial .
start on the Andreas , go directly to the Campus Market .
start on the Van Wickle Gates , go directly to the Blue State Coffee .
start on the The Ivy Room , go directly to the Peter Green House .
start on the Andrews Terrace , go directly to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
start on the Marston Hall , go directly to the Sidney Frank Hall .
start on the Shirley Miller House , go directly to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
start on the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop , go directly to the Morriss Hall .
start on the Emery Hall , go directly to the Maxcy Green .
go to the Norwood House before you go to the Meeting Street Cafe .
go to the Thayer and Cushing before you go to the Lyman Hall .
go to the Lincoln Field Building before you go to the New Pembroke 3 .
go to the List Art Building before you go to the Meeting Street Cafe .
go to the List Art Building before you go to the Emery & Wooley .
go to the Arnold Laboratory before you go to the Brown University Bookstore .
go to the Slavery Memorial before you go to the Miller Hall .
go to the Class of 1872 Gate before you go to the West House .
go to the Class of 1887 Gate before you go to the Champlin Hall .
go to the Champlin Hall before you go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall before you go to the Thayer and Cushing .
go through the John Carter Brown Library to the Second Time Around .
go through the Watson Center for Information Technology to the Avon Cinema .
go through the Lippit House to the Spiritus Fermenti .
go through the Marston Hall to the Pleasant Surprises .
go through the New Pembroke 3 to the Barus Building .
go through the Pembroke Hall to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
go through the Sharpe House to the Brown University Sciences Library .
go through the Blue State Coffee to the Mencoff Hall .
go through the Avon Cinema to the J.W. Wilson .
go through the Brown University to the New Pembroke 3 .
go through the Norwood House to the Pleasant Surprises .
go through the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority to the Thayer and Cushing .
go through the Thayer and Cushing to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
go through the Starbucks to the Second Time Around .
go through the Marston Hall to the Berk's;Shanghai .
go to the Emery Hall and then go directly to the List Art Building .
go to the New Pembroke 3 and then go directly to the Gardner House .
go to the Norwood House and then go directly to the Sharpe House .
go to the Medical Research Lab and then go directly to the Spiritus Fermenti .
go to the Salon Persia and then go directly to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall and then go directly to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to the Facing Thayer and then go directly to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Andrews Hall and then go directly to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching and then go directly to the New Pembroke 1 .
go to the Andreas and then go directly to the BERT .
go to the Spiritus Fermenti and then go directly to the Sayles Hall .
go to the Soban and then go directly to the Rockefeller Library .
go to the Andrews Hall and then go directly to the Rhode Island Hall .
go to the East Side Station Post Office and then go directly to the Littlefield Hall .
go to the Emery & Wooley and then go directly to the P-131317 .
go to the West House and then go directly to the John Hay Library .
go to the Marcus Aurelius and then go directly to the Supercuts .
go to the Class of 1887 Gate and then go directly to the Salon Persia .
go to the Facing Thayer and then go directly to the Wilbour Hall .
go to the Lot 76 and then go directly to the Champlin Hall .
go to the Finlandia through the Verney-Woolley Hall
go to the Slater Hall through the Pembroke Hall
go to the Gardner House through the Emery Hall
go to the Pleasant Surprises through the Hope College
go to the 219 Bowen through the Friedman Hall
go to the Salon Persia through the Kassar House
go to the Rockefeller Library through the 219 Bowen
go to the West House through the Circle Dance Sculpture
go to the Brown University Bookstore through the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate
go to the Wriston Quad through the Alumnae Hall
go to the Andreas through the Idee di pietra
go to the Emery & Wooley through the Lot 17
go to the College Hill Bookstore through the The Ivy Room
go to the Sidney Frank Hall through the Lyman Hall .
go to the Lincoln Field Building through the New Pembroke 3 .
go to the Robinson Hall through the Peter Green House .
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority through the Salon Persia .
go to the Hughes Court through the Meeting Street Cafe .
go to the Wriston Quad through the Morriss Hall .
go to the Supercuts through the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Brown University Bookstore through the Horace Mann House .
go to the Lot 18 through the Biomedical Center .
go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate through the CVS .
go to the Hughes Court through the Morriss Hall .
go to the Pembroke Hall through the Metcalf Research Building .
go to the 67 George through the Meeting Street Cafe .
go to the 164 Angel through the Walter Hall .
go to the Avon Cinema through the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall through the Marcus Aurelius .
go to the Metcalf Hall through the Starbucks .
navigate to the Alumnae Hall before going to the Prince Engineering Lab .
navigate to the Pembroke Hall before going to the Caswell Hall .
navigate to the Slater Hall before going to the East Side Station Post Office .
navigate to the Simmons Quadrangle before going to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
navigate to the Emery Hall before going to the Simmons Quadrangle .
navigate to the Hughes Court before going to the Brown University Bookstore .
navigate to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority before going to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
navigate to the Lincoln Field Building before going to the Emery & Wooley .
navigate to the East Side Station Post Office before going to the Hope College .
navigate to the Brown University before going to the Biomedical Center .
navigate to the Hope College before going to the Granoff Center .
navigate to the Pembroke Park before going to the Slavery Memorial .
navigate to the Verney-Woolley Hall before going to the Simmons Quadrangle .
navigate to the Soban before going to the Mencoff Hall .
navigate to the Arnold Laboratory before going to the Pembroke Park .
navigate to the Class of 1887 Gate before going to the Emery & Wooley .
navigate to the Andreas before going to the P-131317 .
navigate to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop before going to the Biomedical Center .
navigate to the New Pembroke 2 before going to the Sears .
go to the Maddock Alumni  , then head to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology , then head to the Avon Cinema .
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ , then head to the Salon Persia .
go to the Sharpe House , then head to the Littlefield Hall .
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology , then head to the Biomedical Center .
go to the Marcus Aurelius , then head to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the Class of 1872 Gate , then head to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to the Meeting Street Cafe , then head to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to the Emery Hall , then head to the BERT .
go to the Minden Hall , then head to the Supercuts .
go to the Lincoln Field Building , then head to the Salon Persia .
go to the Sharpe Refectory , then head to the New Pembroke 3 .
go to the New Pembroke 1 , then head to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to the Peter Green House , then head to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to Andrews Terrace and then go to the War Memorial .
go to Hillel House and then go to the Lot 18 .
go to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building and then go to the College Green .
go to BERT and then go to the Spiritus Fermenti .
go to Avon Cinema and then go to the Friedman Hall .
go to P-131317 and then go to the Emery Hall .
go to List Art Building and then go to the Pembroke Park .
go to New Pembroke 4 and then go to the Sharpe Refectory .
go to Casey Shearer Memorial and then go to the West House .
go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop and then go to the East Side Station Post Office .
go to Pleasant Surprises and then go to the Maxcy Hall .
go to Lot 76 and then go to the Second Time Around .
go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall and then go to the Emery & Wooley .
go to New Pembroke 3 and then go to the Prince Engineering Lab .
go to 67 George and then go to the Supercuts .
go to Facing Thayer and then go to the Idee di pietra .
go to Andrews Terrace and then go to the University Hall .
go to Avon Cinema and then go to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to Maxcy Green and then go to the Biomedical Center .
go to the Quiet Green via Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to the College Green via Facing Thayer .
go to the Swearer Center for Public Service via Pembroke Park .
go to the Granoff Center via Wayland .
go to the Pembroke Hall via Maxcy Hall .
go to the New Pembroke 4 via Faunce House .
go to the Hope College via Pleasant Surprises .
go to the Lot 76 via Soban .
go to the Campus Market via Peter Green House .
go to the Peter Green House via Hope College .
go to the Champlin Hall via Marston Hall .
go to the Idee di pietra via Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to the 164 Angel via Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to the Spiritus Fermenti via Sayles Hall .
go to Miller Hall before going to the Metcalf Research Building .
go to Mencoff Hall before going to the Granoff Center .
go to Swearer Center for Public Service before going to the Meeting Street Cafe .
go to J. R. Workman Garden before going to the Carrie Tower .
go to Granoff Center before going to the Hegeman .
go to Sidney Frank Hall before going to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to Shirley Miller House before going to the J. R. Workman Garden .
go to William Goddard Memorial Gate before going to the Supercuts .
go to Salomon Center for Teaching before going to the Alumnae Hall .
go to Lot 76 before going to the J. R. Workman Garden .
go to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building before going to the Marcus Aurelius .
go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences before going to the Champlin Hall .
go to Rockefeller Library before going to the Pembroke Hall .
go to 219 Bowen before going to the Slavery Memorial .
go to Prospect House before going to the Hillel House .
go to Brown Center for Students of Color before going to the New Pembroke 1 .
go to Brown University Bookstore before going to the Wriston Quad .
go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology before going to the West House .
first move to 219 Bowen then navigate to the Sharpe Refectory .
first move to Pleasant Surprises then navigate to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
first move to Lippit House then navigate to the 111 Brown Street North House .
first move to College Hill Bookstore then navigate to the Kassar House .
first move to Emery Hall then navigate to the Lyman Hall .
first move to Sidney Frank Hall then navigate to the Brown University .
first move to Miller Hall then navigate to the Maxcy Hall .
first move to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall then navigate to the Alumnae Hall .
first move to Simmons Quadrangle then navigate to the Miller Hall .
first move to Andrews Hall then navigate to the BERT .
go through Sidney Frank Hall to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go through Carrie Tower to the Andreas .
go through Rockefeller Library to the Morriss Hall .
go through Sidney Frank Hall to the Brown Bear .
go through Pembroke Park to the Lot 18 .
go through Lincoln Field Building to the 164 Angel .
go through New Pembroke 4 to the Saint Stephens Church .
go through Morriss Hall to the Sayles Hall .
go through Horace Mann House to the 111 Brown Street North House .
go through Saint Stephens Church to the Alumnae Hall .
go through 164 Angel to the Brown University Sciences Library .
go through College Hill Bookstore to the 86 Waterman  .
go through Miller Hall to the Minden Hall .
go through Sharpe Refectory to the Avon Cinema .
go through Sayles Hall to the Champlin Hall .
go through College Hill Bookstore to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go through Metcalf Hall to the Wriston Quad .
go through Sharpe Refectory to the CVS .
go to Smith Buonanno Hall and then the Campus Market
go to Andrews Terrace and then the Maddock Alumni 
go to Starbucks and then the Berk's;Shanghai
go to Morriss Hall and then the Horace Mann House
go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop and then the Verney-Woolley Hall
go to Emery Hall and then the J.W. Wilson
go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop and then the CVS
go to Smith Buonanno Hall and then the Sayles Hall
go to Arnold Laboratory and then the Supercuts
go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority and then the Meeting Street Cafe
go to Maddock Alumni  and then the College Hill Bookstore
go to Andreas and then the Carrie Tower
go to the Barus Building through Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building
go to the Meeting Street Cafe through John Hay Library
go to the Emery & Wooley through BERT
go to the Thayer and Cushing through Van Wickle Gates
go to the University Hall through New Pembroke 3
go to the Hughes Court through Morriss Hall
go to the Robinson Hall through Facing Thayer
go to the Swearer Center for Public Service through Salon Persia
go to the Slavery Memorial through College Hill Bookstore
go to the Andreas through Casey Shearer Memorial
go to the Campus Market through CVS
go to the Second Time Around through Norwood House
go to the Faunce House through Pembroke Hall
go to the Facing Thayer through Marston Hall
go to the Class of 1887 Gate through Spiritus Fermenti
go to the 219 Bowen through Brown Center for Students of Color
go to the CVS through Gardner House
go to the Slavery Memorial through New Pembroke 4
go to the Thayer and Cushing through Lot 17
go through Soban before going to the Lot 17 .
go through The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ before going to the Biomedical Center .
go through Andreas before going to the Arnold Laboratory .
go through Salomon Center for Teaching before going to the Hillel House .
go through William Goddard Memorial Gate before going to the Morriss Hall .
go through Pembroke Hall before going to the Lot 17 .
go through Walter Hall before going to the Alumnae Hall .
go through Brown Bear before going to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
go through Meeting Street Cafe before going to the J.W. Wilson .
go through Maxcy Hall before going to the Hillel House .
go through Metcalf Hall before going to the Sharpe Refectory .
go through Simmons Quadrangle before going to the 111 Brown Street North House .
go through College Green before going to the CVS .
go through Emery & Wooley before going to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
go through Faunce House before going to the Andrews Hall .
go through East Side Station Post Office before going to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
go through Pembroke Hall before going to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go through Simmons Quadrangle before going to the East Side Station Post Office .
navigate to Watson Center for Information Technology then continue to the New Pembroke 2 .
navigate to Champlin Hall then continue to the Brown University Sciences Library .
navigate to Sidney Frank Hall then continue to the The Ivy Room .
navigate to Supercuts then continue to the Sears .
navigate to J. R. Workman Garden then continue to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
navigate to Campus Market then continue to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
navigate to Faunce House then continue to the Metcalf Hall .
navigate to Pembroke Park then continue to the Friedman Hall .
navigate to J.W. Wilson then continue to the 111 Brown Street North House .
navigate to Marcus Aurelius then continue to the Emery & Wooley .
navigate to 219 Bowen then continue to the John Carter Brown Library .
navigate to Avon Cinema then continue to the Lot 18 .
navigate to Rockefeller Library then continue to the Supercuts .
navigate to Soldiers Memorial Gate then continue to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
navigate to Sayles Hall then continue to the Miller Hall .
navigate to Meeting Street Cafe then continue to the Prospect House .
navigate to Hegeman then continue to the New Pembroke 1 .
navigate to College Hill Bookstore then continue to the Lippit House .
navigate to Salon Persia then continue to the Idee di pietra .
navigate to Pembroke Hall then continue to the Friedman Hall .
go to the Mencoff Hall through Granoff Center .
go to the 111 Brown Street North House through Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to the Morriss Hall through Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to the Mencoff Hall through Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to the P-131317 through Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the Hughes Court through 219 Bowen .
go to the Meeting Street Cafe through Walter Hall .
go to the BERT through J. R. Workman Garden .
go to the Salon Persia through Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to the Van Wickle Gates through Salon Persia .
go to the John Carter Brown Library through Pembroke Hall .
go to the Morriss Hall through Caswell Hall .
go to the Walter Hall through Granoff Center .
go to the Starbucks through Emery Hall .
go to the Granoff Center through Van Wickle Gates .
go to the East Side Station Post Office through Maddock Alumni  .
go to the Granoff Center through Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to the Maxcy Hall through Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to the Slater Hall through Andrews Hall .
go to the Granoff Center through Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology through J. R. Workman Garden .
go to the Alumnae Hall through Shirley Miller House .
go to the 219 Bowen through GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to the Pembroke Hall through Sharpe Refectory .
go to the Smith Buonanno Hall through Hughes Court .
go to the Blue State Coffee through Littlefield Hall .
go to the Norwood House through Thayer and Meeting .
go to the Marston Hall through Thayer and Cushing .
go to the Andrews Hall through Kassar House
go to the Class of 1887 Gate through New Pembroke 1
go to the West House through Casey Shearer Memorial
go to the Granoff Center through The Ivy Room
go to the Van Wickle Gates through Andrews Hall
go to the Urban Environmental Lab through J. R. Workman Garden
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity through Facing Thayer
go to the Facing Thayer through Class of 1872 Gate
go to the CVS through Blue Room
go to the West House through Marcus Aurelius
go to the List Art Building through Thayer and Meeting
go to the West House through John Carter Brown Library
go to the Salon Persia through Littlefield Hall
go to the Hillel House through Rockefeller Library
go to the 164 Angel through Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences
go to the Soban through 86 Waterman 
go to the Lippit House through J. R. Workman Garden
go to the Second Time Around through Class of 1872 Gate
go to the Hillel House through Quiet Green
go to the Supercuts through Watson Center for Information Technology
move to Quiet Green and then proceed to the Brown University Bookstore .
move to Metcalf Hall and then proceed to the List Art Building .
move to Marston Hall and then proceed to the Pembroke Hall .
move to Thayer and Meeting and then proceed to the Kassar House .
move to Maxcy Green and then proceed to the Sidney Frank Hall .
move to University Hall and then proceed to the West House .
move to 164 Angel and then proceed to the Brown Bear .
move to Sharpe House and then proceed to the John Hay Library .
move to New Pembroke 3 and then proceed to the University Hall .
move to Metcalf Hall and then proceed to the Kassar House .
move to Granoff Center and then proceed to the List Art Building .
move to Urban Environmental Lab and then proceed to the Emery & Wooley .
move to Pembroke Hall and then proceed to the Simmons Quadrangle .
move to 86 Waterman  and then proceed to the Supercuts .
move to 164 Angel and then proceed to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go through Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building and navigate to the Horace Mann House .
go through John Hay Library and navigate to the Alumnae Hall .
go through Emery & Wooley and navigate to the Van Wickle Gates .
go through West House and navigate to the Walter Hall .
go through Brown Bear and navigate to the Thayer and Meeting .
go through Sayles Hall and navigate to the Andrews Terrace .
go through Andreas and navigate to the Brown Bear .
go through Soban and navigate to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go through Peter Green House and navigate to the 67 George .
go through Rhode Island Hall and navigate to the Alumnae Hall .
go through Brown Bear and navigate to the West House .
go through Kassar House and navigate to the Metcalf Hall .
go through Lot 76 and navigate to the Pembroke Park .
go through Sidney Frank Hall and navigate to the War Memorial .
go through West House and navigate to the Minden Hall .
go through New Pembroke 4 and navigate to the Hegeman .
go to the Second Time Around by first visiting Gardner House .
go to the West House by first visiting Sharpe Refectory .
go to the Salon Persia by first visiting Friedman Hall .
go to the CVS by first visiting Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to the Arnold Laboratory by first visiting Pembroke Park .
go to the Brown University Bookstore by first visiting Wayland .
go to the 164 Angel by first visiting John Hay Library .
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ by first visiting Pleasant Surprises .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall by first visiting John Hay Library .
go to the Campus Market by first visiting New Pembroke 3 .
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall by first visiting Caswell Hall .
go to the College Hill Bookstore by first visiting Finlandia .
go to the Metcalf Research Building by first visiting Morriss Hall .
go to the Mencoff Hall by first visiting Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to the Hughes Court by first visiting Andrews Hall .
go to the College Hill Bookstore by first visiting Quiet Green .
go to the 67 George by first visiting Brown University Bookstore .
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color by first visiting Pembroke Park .
first go to Sharpe House , then go to the John Hay Library .
first go to CVS , then go to the Gardner House .
first go to Emery Hall , then go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
first go to Andreas , then go to the Mencoff Hall .
first go to Supercuts , then go to the P-131317 .
first go to Arnold Laboratory , then go to the Morriss Hall .
first go to Simmons Quadrangle , then go to the College Hill Bookstore .
first go to Avon Cinema , then go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
first go to Lot 17 , then go to the Andreas .
first go to John Nicholas Brown Gate , then go to the Sidney Frank Hall .
first go to 164 Angel , then go to the Norwood House .
first go to Wayland , then go to the Berk's;Shanghai .
first go to The Ivy Room , then go to the Emery & Wooley .
first go to Andreas , then go to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
first go to 164 Angel , then go to the Marcus Aurelius .
first go to Quiet Green , then go to the Miller Hall .
go through Granoff Center to the John Hay Library .
go through Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity to the Soban .
go through Shirley Miller House to the Blue State Coffee .
go through University Hall to the Hillel House .
go through Verney-Woolley Hall to the Lyman Hall .
go through Thayer and Meeting to the Faunce House .
go through Campus Market to the Alumnae Hall .
go through Untitled Lamp/Bear to the Champlin Hall .
go through West House to the Maxcy Green .
go through Horace Mann House to the Emery Hall .
go through Thayer and Cushing to the Van Wickle Gates .
go through Avon Cinema to the Marcus Aurelius .
go through Hillel House to the Wriston Quad .
go through Sears to the Meeting Street Cafe .
go to Miller Hall then go to the Walter Hall .
go to Starbucks then go to the Miller Hall .
go to Andreas then go to the University Hall .
go to Morriss Hall then go to the Medical Research Lab .
go to 111 Brown Street North House then go to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to Lincoln Field Building then go to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to 164 Angel then go to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to New Pembroke 2 then go to the Wriston Quad .
go to Avon Cinema then go to the Mencoff Hall .
go to Manning then go to the West House .
go to The Ivy Room then go to the Peter Green House .
go to CVS then go to the Mencoff Hall .
go to 111 Brown Street North House then go to the Hegeman .
go to East Side Station Post Office then go to the Lot 18 .
go to 219 Bowen then go to the Maxcy Green .
go to Prospect House then go to the 111 Brown Street North House .
always go to Hillel House before navigating to the Robinson Gate .
always go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology before navigating to the Andrews Terrace .
always go to J. R. Workman Garden before navigating to the Maxcy Hall .
always go to Brown Bear before navigating to the Hillel House .
always go to 219 Bowen before navigating to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
always go to Horace Mann House before navigating to the Facing Thayer .
always go to Brown Bear before navigating to the Miller Hall .
always go to Sharpe House before navigating to the Slavery Memorial .
always go to 86 Waterman  before navigating to the East Side Station Post Office .
always go to 219 Bowen before navigating to the Wriston Quad .
always go to Pembroke Hall before navigating to the 86 Waterman  .
always go to Pleasant Surprises before navigating to the John Hay Library .
always go to Brown Center for Students of Color before navigating to the Biomedical Center .
always go to Walter Hall before navigating to the Sidney Frank Hall .
always go to Mencoff Hall before navigating to the West House .
always go to John Carter Brown Library before navigating to the CVS .
always go to Salomon Center for Teaching before navigating to the Meeting Street Cafe .
go to the Prince Engineering Lab through Thayer and Meeting
go to the Friedman Hall through Supercuts
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ through Supercuts
go to the Emery Hall through Lincoln Field Building
go to the Thayer and Cushing through Class of 1887 Gate
go to the Urban Environmental Lab through West House
go to the Morriss Hall through John Hay Library
go to the West House through Wilbour Hall
go to the Manning through Emery Hall
go to the Hillel House through Lincoln Field Building
go to the New Pembroke 1 through Class of 1872 Gate
go to the Alumnae Hall through Hegeman
go to the Starbucks through Berk's;Shanghai
go to the John Hay Library through Pleasant Surprises
go to the Rhode Island Hall through Morriss Hall
navigate through Walter Hall and go to the Pleasant Surprises .
navigate through Thayer and Meeting and go to the Sears .
navigate through Champlin Hall and go to the Hegeman .
navigate through The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ and go to the Emery Hall .
navigate through Marston Hall and go to the Berk's;Shanghai .
navigate through Watson Center for Information Technology and go to the West House .
navigate through Brown University Bookstore and go to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
navigate through Mencoff Hall and go to the Granoff Center .
navigate through Miller Hall and go to the Lippit House .
navigate through Lippit House and go to the Brown University Bookstore .
navigate through Casey Shearer Memorial and go to the Granoff Center .
navigate through Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences and go to the Andrews Terrace .
navigate through Hughes Court and go to the Morriss Hall .
navigate through Pleasant Surprises and go to the Lot 17 .
navigate through Marston Hall and go to the West House .
first go to to Hughes Court then go to the Thayer and Meeting .
first go to to Casey Shearer Memorial then go to the West House .
first go to to Littlefield Hall then go to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
first go to to Pembroke Park then go to the Slavery Memorial .
first go to to Brown Bear then go to the Second Time Around .
first go to to East Side Station Post Office then go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
first go to to Slater Hall then go to the 219 Bowen .
first go to to Granoff Center then go to the BERT .
first go to to Simmons Quadrangle then go to the New Pembroke 4 .
first go to to West House then go to the War Memorial .
first go to to 219 Bowen then go to the Brown Bear .
first go to to Wilbour Hall then go to the Sidney Frank Hall .
first go to to Brown Bear then go to the Thayer and Meeting .
first go to to Granoff Center then go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
first go to to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate then go to the Andreas .
go to the Brown University Bookstore through Caswell Hall .
go to the New Pembroke 3 through Faunce House .
go to the Pembroke Park through Lot 76 .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall through University Hall .
go to the Hope College through Sharpe House .
go to the Slater Hall through Alumnae Hall .
go to the Class of 1872 Gate through Sharpe House .
go to the Granoff Center through Hegeman .
go to the List Art Building through Hillel House .
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall through Idee di pietra .
go to the Van Wickle Gates through Champlin Hall .
go to the Medical Research Lab through Metcalf Hall .
go to the Thayer and Meeting through Faunce House .
go to the Alumnae Hall through Hughes Court .
go to the 111 Brown Street North House through Quiet Green .
go to the Brown Bear through Blue State Coffee .
always go through Miller Hall and then to the Friedman Hall .
always go through Avon Cinema and then to the 86 Waterman  .
always go through Saint Stephens Church and then to the J. R. Workman Garden .
always go through Brown University Bookstore and then to the Rockefeller Library .
always go through Hillel House and then to the Sharpe Refectory .
always go through 164 Angel and then to the Lincoln Field Building .
always go through Robinson Hall and then to the Pleasant Surprises .
always go through Miller Hall and then to the John Carter Brown Library .
always go through Supercuts and then to the Barus Building .
always go through J. R. Workman Garden and then to the Robinson Gate .
always go through Pleasant Surprises and then to the Maxcy Green .
always go through Starbucks and then to the Biomedical Center .
always go through Marcus Aurelius and then to the J. R. Workman Garden .
always go through New Pembroke 4 and then to the Carrie Tower .
always go through Kassar House and then to the Andrews Hall .
always go through Rockefeller Library and then to the Champlin Hall .
always go through Andrews Hall and then to the Urban Environmental Lab .
always go through Meeting Street Cafe and then to the Rockefeller Library .
go to the Thayer and Cushing through Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to the Morriss Hall through Rockefeller Library .
go to the Emery & Wooley through P-131317 .
go to the Second Time Around through Brown University Sciences Library .
go to the Metcalf Hall through Mencoff Hall .
go to the Van Wickle Gates through Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to the Andrews Terrace through Finlandia .
go to the Walter Hall through New Pembroke 1 .
go to the Lincoln Field Building through Supercuts .
go to the Barus Building through Avon Cinema .
go to the Sharpe Refectory through Granoff Center .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall through Quiet Green .
go to the Arnold Laboratory through College Hill Bookstore .
go to the Emery & Wooley through Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to the Maxcy Green through 164 Angel .
go to Avon Cinema before going to the Friedman Hall
go to Berk's;Shanghai before going to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity
go to Citizen's Bank before going to the Morriss Hall
go to Campus Market before going to the Emery Hall
go to Meeting Street Cafe before going to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority
go to Pleasant Surprises before going to the Maxcy Hall
go to New Pembroke 1 before going to the Lot 17
go to Peter Green House before going to the Sayles Hall
go to Meeting Street Cafe before going to the Maxcy Hall
go to 111 Brown Street North House before going to the Maddock Alumni 
go to Smith Buonanno Hall before going to the University Hall
go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate before going to the Metcalf Hall
go to Robinson Hall before going to the New Pembroke 3
go to Supercuts before going to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology
go to Lincoln Field Building before going to the Soban
go to Supercuts before going to the Arnold Laboratory
go to Metcalf Hall before going to the Minden Hall
go to William Goddard Memorial Gate before going to the Soban
go to the War Memorial by first going through East Side Station Post Office .
go to the Meeting Street Cafe by first going through Slater Hall .
go to the BERT by first going through Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to the Urban Environmental Lab by first going through Soban .
go to the Faunce House by first going through Andreas .
go to the Miller Hall by first going through Finlandia .
go to the New Pembroke 1 by first going through P-131317 .
go to the Thayer and Meeting by first going through Caswell Hall .
go to the BERT by first going through New Pembroke 2 .
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop by first going through West House .
always avoid going to Berk's;Shanghai through the Starbucks
always avoid going to Brown Bear through the Sidney Frank Hall
always avoid going to Andrews Hall through the Simmons Quadrangle
always avoid going to Brown University Bookstore through the Class of 1887 Gate
always avoid going to Sidney Frank Hall through the Gardner House
always avoid going to Pleasant Surprises through the College Green
always avoid going to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology through the 111 Brown Street North House
always avoid going to Brown University Bookstore through the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall
always avoid going to New Pembroke 4 through the Blue Room
always avoid going to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building through the Robinson Gate
always avoid going to Avon Cinema through the Prospect House
always avoid going to Minden Hall through the New Pembroke 4
always avoid going to John Hay Library through the Andreas
always avoid going to Champlin Hall through the Arnold Laboratory
always avoid going to Brown University through the Brown University Bookstore
always avoid going to Biomedical Center through the Sharpe Refectory
always avoid going to Emery & Wooley through the Blue Room
always avoid going to Horace Mann House through the Morriss Hall
always avoid going to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ through the Andreas
go through Marcus Aurelius to the Granoff Center .
go through East Side Station Post Office to the 86 Waterman  .
go through Sidney Frank Hall to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go through Spiritus Fermenti to the 67 George .
go through Sears to the New Pembroke 4 .
go through 111 Brown Street North House to the Citizen's Bank .
go through Pembroke Park to the Horace Mann House .
go through Mencoff Hall to the Salon Persia .
go through 164 Angel to the Wilbour Hall .
go through East Side Station Post Office to the Mencoff Hall .
go through Meeting Street Cafe to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
go through Carrie Tower to the J. R. Workman Garden .
go through CVS to the Lyman Hall .
go through Lot 18 to the New Pembroke 3 .
go through Emery Hall to the Mencoff Hall .
go through Sidney Frank Hall to the Class of 1872 Gate .
go through Miller Hall to the 86 Waterman  .
go through Brown University Bookstore to the Urban Environmental Lab .
go through the 67 George to the New Pembroke 1 .
go through the Simmons Quadrangle to the Emery & Wooley .
go through the Saint Stephens Church to the Granoff Center .
go through the Littlefield Hall to the Miller Hall .
go through the Biomedical Center to the Lot 76 .
go through the Miller Hall to the Carrie Tower .
go through the CVS to the John Hay Library .
go through the New Pembroke 4 to the Robinson Gate .
go through the Andreas to the Brown University Sciences Library .
go through the Pembroke Hall to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go through the Biomedical Center to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go through the Circle Dance Sculpture to the Pembroke Hall .
go through the 219 Bowen to the Lyman Hall .
go through the Lyman Hall to the Soban .
go through the Blue State Coffee to the Finlandia .
go through the Sidney Frank Hall to the Maxcy Hall .
go through the Spiritus Fermenti to the John Hay Library .
go through the Soldiers Memorial Gate to the Emery & Wooley .
go through the Pleasant Surprises to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
navigate to the Avon Cinema after going to the John Carter Brown Library .
navigate to the Hughes Court after going to the Andreas .
navigate to the Verney-Woolley Hall after going to the Finlandia .
navigate to the West House after going to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
navigate to the Andreas after going to the Class of 1887 Gate .
navigate to the University Hall after going to the Andreas .
navigate to the Brown Center for Students of Color after going to the Avon Cinema .
navigate to the New Pembroke 1 after going to the Minden Hall .
navigate to the Wayland after going to the Salon Persia .
navigate to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building after going to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
navigate to the Maxcy Green after going to the J. R. Workman Garden .
go to the Faunce House , then navigate to the West House .
go to the Maxcy Green , then navigate to the College Hill Bookstore .
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall , then navigate to the Shirley Miller House .
go to the Soban , then navigate to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to the Slavery Memorial , then navigate to the Peter Green House .
go to the Sharpe Refectory , then navigate to the Brown University Bookstore .
go to the Champlin Hall , then navigate to the Lincoln Field Building .
go to the Avon Cinema , then navigate to the Class of 1887 Gate .
go to the Lincoln Field Building , then navigate to the 111 Brown Street North House .
go to the CVS , then navigate to the Barus Building .
go to the Facing Thayer , then navigate to the John Hay Library .
go to the Maxcy Green , then navigate to the Facing Thayer .
go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building , then navigate to the Class of 1872 Gate .
go to the Emery & Wooley , then navigate to the Slavery Memorial .
go to the Finlandia , then navigate to the J. R. Workman Garden .
go to the CVS , then navigate to the Class of 1872 Gate .
go to the Lippit House , then navigate to the Blue State Coffee .
go to the West House , then navigate to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to the J. R. Workman Garden , then navigate to the John Carter Brown Library .
go to the Class of 1887 Gate then move to the 219 Bowen .
go to the BERT then move to the Andreas .
go to the J. R. Workman Garden then move to the War Memorial .
go to the New Pembroke 3 then move to the Quiet Green .
go to the Minden Hall then move to the Biomedical Center .
go to the Shirley Miller House then move to the New Pembroke 2 .
go to the Class of 1872 Gate then move to the Pembroke Hall .
go to the College Hill Bookstore then move to the University Hall .
go to the Pembroke Hall then move to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate then move to the West House .
go to the Sharpe House then move to the Mencoff Hall .
go to the Maxcy Green then move to the East Side Station Post Office .
go to the Biomedical Center through the Brown University Sciences Library
go to the Simmons Quadrangle through the Biomedical Center
go to the Brown University Sciences Library through the College Hill Bookstore
go to the Granoff Center through the Maddock Alumni 
go to the Brown Bear through the New Pembroke 1
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall through the Morriss Hall
go to the Horace Mann House through the Brown University Bookstore
go to the Andrews Terrace through the Saint Stephens Church
go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear through the West House
go to the Wilbour Hall through the Sidney Frank Hall
go to the Emery & Wooley through the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity
go to the Avon Cinema through the Class of 1887 Gate
go to the Slater Hall through the West House
go to the Van Wickle Gates through the Spiritus Fermenti
go to the Meeting Street Cafe through the Lyman Hall
go to the Lincoln Field Building through the Spiritus Fermenti
go to the Horace Mann House through the Hillel House
go to the Finlandia through the New Pembroke 3
go to the West House through the Slavery Memorial
go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate through the Salon Persia
go through the College Hill Bookstore and navigate to the War Memorial .
go through the New Pembroke 4 and navigate to the Brown University Sciences Library .
go through the University Hall and navigate to the Pembroke Park .
go through the Horace Mann House and navigate to the Champlin Hall .
go through the Class of 1887 Gate and navigate to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go through the List Art Building and navigate to the Avon Cinema .
go through the Avon Cinema and navigate to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
go through the Barus Building and navigate to the Salon Persia .
go through the John Nicholas Brown Gate and navigate to the Miller Hall .
go through the Wayland and navigate to the Peter Green House .
go through the Arnold Laboratory and navigate to the Granoff Center .
go through the Metcalf Research Building and navigate to the Thayer and Cushing .
go through the Smith Buonanno Hall and navigate to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go through the Soban and navigate to the Blue Room .
go through the Quiet Green and navigate to the Soban .
go through the Andrews Terrace and navigate to the Lincoln Field Building .
go through the Pembroke Hall and navigate to the Robinson Hall .
go through the Shirley Miller House and navigate to the CVS .
go through the CVS and navigate to the Hughes Court .
go through the Sharpe Refectory and navigate to the College Hill Bookstore .
from the Slater Hall , navigate to the West House .
from the Brown University , navigate to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
from the Granoff Center , navigate to the Brown University Sciences Library .
from the University Hall , navigate to the Champlin Hall .
from the Sharpe Refectory , navigate to the Berk's;Shanghai .
from the Class of 1872 Gate , navigate to the Champlin Hall .
from the Lot 76 , navigate to the Thayer and Meeting .
from the Sidney Frank Hall , navigate to the Lot 76 .
from the Hillel House , navigate to the Brown University Sciences Library .
from the Medical Research Lab , navigate to the Granoff Center .
from the Soldiers Memorial Gate , navigate to the Berk's;Shanghai .
from the Soban , navigate to the Robinson Hall .
from the Van Wickle Gates , navigate to the Pembroke Park .
from the Manning , navigate to the Hillel House .
from the Idee di pietra , navigate to the Brown University Bookstore .
from the Facing Thayer , navigate to the Robinson Hall .
from the Avon Cinema , navigate to the Brown Bear .
from the Spiritus Fermenti , navigate to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
navigate to the Lyman Hall before going to the Brown University Bookstore .
navigate to the Swearer Center for Public Service before going to the Morriss Hall .
navigate to the Soban before going to the Marcus Aurelius .
navigate to the 111 Brown Street North House before going to the J.W. Wilson .
navigate to the Hughes Court before going to the New Pembroke 3 .
navigate to the CVS before going to the Friedman Hall .
navigate to the Quiet Green before going to the Andrews Terrace .
navigate to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building before going to the Brown University .
navigate to the 86 Waterman  before going to the Pembroke Hall .
navigate to the Emery Hall before going to the Van Wickle Gates .
navigate to the Pembroke Park before going to the Sayles Hall .
navigate to the Van Wickle Gates before going to the Spiritus Fermenti .
navigate to the Sidney Frank Hall before going to the Carrie Tower .
navigate to the Pembroke Park before going to the Walter Hall .
go through the Emery & Wooley to the Lot 18 .
go through the Gardner House to the College Hill Bookstore .
go through the Brown University Bookstore to the Maddock Alumni  .
go through the 86 Waterman  to the Emery & Wooley .
go through the Saint Stephens Church to the New Pembroke 4 .
go through the Verney-Woolley Hall to the Prince Engineering Lab .
go through the Wriston Quad to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go through the Sharpe House to the John Hay Library .
go through the Andrews Hall to the Class of 1872 Gate .
go through the Biomedical Center to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go through the Emery & Wooley to the College Green .
go through the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority to the Soban .
go through the Wayland to the New Pembroke 2 .
go through the Blue State Coffee to the Van Wickle Gates .
go through the List Art Building to the Morriss Hall .
go from the Biomedical Center to the Citizen's Bank
go from the Blue State Coffee to the Salomon Center for Teaching
go from the Alumnae Hall to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority
go from the J.W. Wilson to the Spiritus Fermenti
go from the Brown Bear to the Alumnae Hall
go from the University Hall to the Smith Buonanno Hall
go from the William Goddard Memorial Gate to the Facing Thayer
go from the Andrews Hall to the Wayland
go from the Emery & Wooley to the Brown Center for Students of Color
go from the Lot 17 to the Second Time Around
go from the Van Wickle Gates to the Berk's;Shanghai
go from the Mencoff Hall to the CVS
go from the Sears to the New Pembroke 2
go from the Avon Cinema to the Saint Stephens Church
go from the Saint Stephens Church to the Thayer and Meeting
move to the Maxcy Hall but ensure to go to the New Pembroke 4 first .
move to the Pleasant Surprises but ensure to go to the Lyman Hall first .
move to the Mencoff Hall but ensure to go to the J. R. Workman Garden first .
move to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology but ensure to go to the Emery Hall first .
move to the Champlin Hall but ensure to go to the Manning first .
move to the New Pembroke 1 but ensure to go to the 67 George first .
move to the Biomedical Center but ensure to go to the Gardner House first .
move to the Minden Hall but ensure to go to the Emery & Wooley first .
move to the Peter Green House but ensure to go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate first .
move to the 67 George but ensure to go to the Peter Green House first .
move to the Brown University Bookstore but ensure to go to the John Hay Library first .
move to the Verney-Woolley Hall but ensure to go to the Shirley Miller House first .
move to the Kassar House but ensure to go to the CVS first .
move to the 164 Angel but ensure to go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate first .
move to the Avon Cinema but ensure to go to the P-131317 first .
move to the Marston Hall but ensure to go to the 219 Bowen first .
move to the 86 Waterman  but ensure to go to the Peter Green House first .
move to the Class of 1872 Gate but ensure to go to the Thayer and Cushing first .
go from Wriston Quad to Pleasant Surprises .
go from Biomedical Center to Brown University Sciences Library .
go from Horace Mann House to Thayer and Cushing .
go from Hillel House to Marston Hall .
go from Brown University to Andreas .
go from Quiet Green to J. R. Workman Garden .
go from Metcalf Research Building to Sidney Frank Hall .
go from Sears to Soban .
go from Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology to Pembroke Hall .
go from Hillel House to Caswell Hall .
go from List Art Building to 164 Angel .
go from Brown Bear to Peter Green House .
go from GeoChem and Macmillian Hall to Pleasant Surprises .
go from Facing Thayer to Lot 76 .
go from Pleasant Surprises to Lincoln Field Building .
go from Sayles Hall to Berk's;Shanghai .
go from Simmons Quadrangle to College Hill Bookstore .
go to the Norwood House , then go to the Salon Persia .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall , then go to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate , then go to the Spiritus Fermenti .
go to the Morriss Hall , then go to the Arnold Laboratory .
go to the Van Wickle Gates , then go to the Avon Cinema .
go to the Brown University Bookstore , then go to the Shirley Miller House .
go to the Class of 1887 Gate , then go to the Thayer and Cushing .
go to the Rhode Island Hall , then go to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to the Sears , then go to the West House .
go to the War Memorial , then go to the Peter Green House .
go to the John Hay Library , then go to the 111 Brown Street North House .
go to the Avon Cinema , then go to the Marston Hall .
go to the Circle Dance Sculpture , then go to the New Pembroke 2 .
go to the Facing Thayer , then go to the Faunce House .
go to the East Side Station Post Office , then go to the Starbucks .
go to the Morriss Hall , then go to the Prospect House .
go to the Granoff Center , then go to the Rockefeller Library .
go to the Hope College , then go to the Spiritus Fermenti .
go from the Sidney Frank Hall to the Prince Engineering Lab .
go from the Lincoln Field Building to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go from the Minden Hall to the New Pembroke 3 .
go from the Minden Hall to the Thayer and Cushing .
go from the Facing Thayer to the Class of 1887 Gate .
go from the Thayer and Meeting to the Lot 76 .
go from the Citizen's Bank to the 111 Brown Street North House .
go from the Andreas to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go from the Pleasant Surprises to the Rhode Island Hall .
go from the Pembroke Park to the List Art Building .
go from the J. R. Workman Garden to the University Hall .
go from the Thayer and Cushing to the Arnold Laboratory .
go from the 164 Angel to the Horace Mann House .
go from the Van Wickle Gates to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
go from the Salomon Center for Teaching to the Champlin Hall .
go from the Pleasant Surprises to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go from the Supercuts to the Quiet Green .
go from the Berk's;Shanghai to the Class of 1887 Gate .
go to the John Carter Brown Library , then go to the Avon Cinema
go to the Lincoln Field Building , then go to the Morriss Hall
go to the College Hill Bookstore , then go to the Rhode Island Hall
go to the East Side Station Post Office , then go to the College Green
go to the Avon Cinema , then go to the Horace Mann House
go to the Robinson Gate , then go to the New Pembroke 4
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching , then go to the Sidney Frank Hall
go to the Supercuts , then go to the University Hall
go to the New Pembroke 2 , then go to the Faunce House
go to the Manning , then go to the 219 Bowen
go to the Morriss Hall , then go to the Medical Research Lab
go to the 164 Angel , then go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop
go from the Saint Stephens Church to the Andrews Terrace
go from the Soban to the John Carter Brown Library
go from the Rhode Island Hall to the New Pembroke 2
go from the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall to the Emery Hall
go from the Swearer Center for Public Service to the Alumnae Hall
go from the Littlefield Hall to the Sharpe House
go from the Alumnae Hall to the Hope College
go from the J. R. Workman Garden to the Soldiers Memorial Gate
go from the Pembroke Park to the Simmons Quadrangle
go from the Class of 1887 Gate to the Spiritus Fermenti
go from the Andrews Terrace to the Saint Stephens Church
go from the West House to the Slater Hall
go from the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building to the Class of 1872 Gate
go from the Andrews Terrace to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences
go from the Hughes Court to the New Pembroke 4
go from the Smith Buonanno Hall to the Metcalf Research Building
go to the Maxcy Hall through the East Side Station Post Office .
go to the Norwood House through the Metcalf Hall .
go to the BERT through the Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to the Morriss Hall through the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to the Walter Hall through the Emery Hall .
go to the Van Wickle Gates through the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to the 219 Bowen through the Idee di pietra .
go to the Second Time Around through the 86 Waterman  .
go to the Maxcy Hall through the Supercuts .
go to the Champlin Hall through the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to the Avon Cinema through the Brown Bear .
go to the 86 Waterman  through the New Pembroke 4 .
go to the Circle Dance Sculpture through the Supercuts .
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ and then go to the Biomedical Center .
go to the Supercuts and then go to the Class of 1872 Gate .
go to the CVS and then go to the Slavery Memorial .
go to the Campus Market and then go to the Miller Hall .
go to the Mencoff Hall and then go to the Emery & Wooley .
go to the Champlin Hall and then go to the 67 George .
go to the Andrews Terrace and then go to the BERT .
go to the Morriss Hall and then go to the University Hall .
go to the 111 Brown Street North House and then go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to the Maxcy Hall and then go to the Hillel House .
go to the Maxcy Hall and then go to the Soban .
go to the Biomedical Center , then go to the Blue Room .
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority , then go to the Pembroke Park .
go to the Meeting Street Cafe , then go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to the Supercuts , then go to the Starbucks .
go to the Robinson Gate , then go to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to the West House , then go to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to the West House , then go to the Brown University Sciences Library .
go to the West House , then go to the P-131317 .
go to the West House , then go to the Lyman Hall .
go to the Blue Room , then go to the Biomedical Center .
go to the Hughes Court , then go to the CVS .
go to the John Hay Library , then go to the Supercuts .
go to the CVS , then go to the Lot 76 .
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity , then go to the Granoff Center .
go to the Second Time Around , then go to the Barus Building .
go to the Salon Persia , then go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
navigate to the Quiet Green by passing through the West House .
navigate to the BERT by passing through the Meeting Street Cafe .
navigate to the New Pembroke 4 by passing through the 86 Waterman  .
navigate to the Finlandia by passing through the J. R. Workman Garden .
navigate to the Andrews Hall by passing through the Starbucks .
navigate to the Sharpe House by passing through the List Art Building .
navigate to the New Pembroke 4 by passing through the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
navigate to the Meeting Street Cafe by passing through the Marston Hall .
navigate to the Thayer and Cushing by passing through the Maxcy Green .
navigate to the Prospect House by passing through the Thayer and Meeting .
navigate from the Marcus Aurelius to the New Pembroke 1 .
navigate from the Metcalf Research Building to the 219 Bowen .
navigate from the Spiritus Fermenti to the Brown University Sciences Library .
navigate from the Spiritus Fermenti to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
navigate from the Andrews Terrace to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
navigate from the Caswell Hall to the Miller Hall .
navigate from the Sidney Frank Hall to the Manning .
navigate from the Morriss Hall to the Robinson Gate .
navigate from the Maxcy Green to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
navigate from the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall to the Meeting Street Cafe .
navigate from the Alumnae Hall to the Wilbour Hall .
navigate from the New Pembroke 1 to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
navigate from the 219 Bowen to the 86 Waterman  .
navigate from the Spiritus Fermenti to the Horace Mann House .
navigate from the New Pembroke 2 to the Mencoff Hall .
head to the J. R. Workman Garden but first go to the Lyman Hall .
head to the Andreas but first go to the John Hay Library .
head to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences but first go to the Brown University Bookstore .
head to the Brown University Bookstore but first go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
head to the Andrews Terrace but first go to the University Hall .
head to the Verney-Woolley Hall but first go to the Prince Engineering Lab .
head to the Van Wickle Gates but first go to the Berk's;Shanghai .
head to the Van Wickle Gates but first go to the New Pembroke 1 .
head to the Miller Hall but first go to the Arnold Laboratory .
head to the Robinson Hall but first go to the Spiritus Fermenti .
head to the West House but first go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
head to the Biomedical Center but first go to the Lot 76 .
head to the Supercuts but first go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
head to the Quiet Green but first go to the Brown University Bookstore .
head to the Meeting Street Cafe but first go to the P-131317 .
head to the Brown University but first go to the West House .
head to the Prince Engineering Lab but first go to the Facing Thayer .
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall through the New Pembroke 2
go to the Sears through the New Pembroke 2
go to the Champlin Hall through the Campus Market
go to the Meeting Street Cafe through the Blue Room
go to the Thayer and Meeting through the Circle Dance Sculpture
go to the Soban through the Brown University Sciences Library
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall through the Lippit House
go to the Andrews Terrace through the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall
go to the The Ivy Room through the 111 Brown Street North House
go to the West House through the Simmons Quadrangle
go to the Quiet Green through the Pleasant Surprises
go to the Quiet Green through the Salon Persia
go to the Starbucks through the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building
go to the Shirley Miller House through the Brown University Bookstore
go to the Facing Thayer through the Marston Hall
go to the 219 Bowen through the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology
go to the Sharpe Refectory through the Andreas
go to the John Hay Library through the Soban
go to the Campus Market through the New Pembroke 4
go to the John Hay Library then go to the Champlin Hall
go to the Friedman Hall then go to the New Pembroke 3
go to the Alumnae Hall then go to the Saint Stephens Church
go to the J.W. Wilson then go to the College Hill Bookstore
go to the New Pembroke 1 then go to the Marston Hall
go to the Blue Room then go to the Emery & Wooley
go to the Miller Hall then go to the Wilbour Hall
go to the Thayer and Cushing then go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate
go to the Pleasant Surprises then go to the Brown Bear
go to the Circle Dance Sculpture then go to the New Pembroke 1
go to the West House then go to the BERT
go to the Mencoff Hall then go to the New Pembroke 2
go to the Slavery Memorial then go to the Alumnae Hall
go to the Class of 1887 Gate then go to the New Pembroke 3
go from the Metcalf Hall to the Horace Mann House
go from the Untitled Lamp/Bear to the J. R. Workman Garden
go from the Simmons Quadrangle to the 219 Bowen
go from the Salon Persia to the University Hall
go from the Class of 1872 Gate to the Second Time Around
go from the Verney-Woolley Hall to the Soldiers Memorial Gate
go from the Brown University Bookstore to the Maxcy Green
go from the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ to the Biomedical Center
go from the Facing Thayer to the Van Wickle Gates
go from the East Side Station Post Office to the The Ivy Room
go from the Andrews Terrace to the Class of 1872 Gate
go from the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority to the Second Time Around
go from the Morriss Hall to the Mencoff Hall
go from the Pembroke Hall to the Hegeman
go from the Citizen's Bank to the Supercuts
go from the The Ivy Room to the Biomedical Center
go from the Finlandia to the Hillel House
go from the Miller Hall to the Brown Bear
go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate through the Brown University Bookstore
go to the 219 Bowen through the War Memorial
go to the Saint Stephens Church through the West House
go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building through the Metcalf Research Building
go to the College Hill Bookstore through the Manning
go to the Hillel House through the Gardner House
go to the Norwood House through the 111 Brown Street North House
go to the 111 Brown Street North House through the Simmons Quadrangle
go to the New Pembroke 4 through the Citizen's Bank
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity through the College Hill Bookstore
go to the Hegeman through the 164 Angel
go to the Faunce House through the West House
go to the Wriston Quad through the 111 Brown Street North House
go to the Walter Hall through the Andreas
go to the Andrews Terrace through the Wilbour Hall
go to the Sharpe House through the J.W. Wilson
go to the Andrews Hall through the List Art Building
go to the CVS through the Untitled Lamp/Bear
go to the Pleasant Surprises and then go to the The Ivy Room .
go to the J. R. Workman Garden and then go to the Brown University .
go to the Spiritus Fermenti and then go to the Robinson Gate .
go to the Robinson Hall and then go to the Andrews Hall .
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate and then go to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the Barus Building and then go to the Alumnae Hall .
go to the Lot 18 and then go to the West House .
go to the 86 Waterman  and then go to the Alumnae Hall .
go to the Robinson Hall and then go to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the Champlin Hall and then go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to the Brown University Sciences Library and then go to the Pleasant Surprises .
go to the West House and then go to the Maxcy Hall .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall and then go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to the West House and then go to the 86 Waterman  .
go to the Lyman Hall and then go to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go through the Hegeman to the Metcalf Hall
go through the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building to the John Hay Library
go through the Gardner House to the Smith Buonanno Hall
go through the Salon Persia to the Hope College
go through the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity to the Morriss Hall
go through the Swearer Center for Public Service to the J. R. Workman Garden
go through the Sidney Frank Hall to the Quiet Green
go through the Sidney Frank Hall to the Horace Mann House
go through the Granoff Center to the John Carter Brown Library
go through the John Nicholas Brown Gate to the Granoff Center
go through the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority to the Brown University Bookstore
go through the University Hall to the Andreas
go through the Brown Center for Students of Color to the West House
go through the Blue State Coffee to the Lot 18
go through the J. R. Workman Garden to the J.W. Wilson
go through the Sidney Frank Hall to the Saint Stephens Church
go through the 164 Angel to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ
go through the Supercuts to the Soldiers Memorial Gate
go through the New Pembroke 2 to the Medical Research Lab
go through the Citizen's Bank to the West House
go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences through the Pembroke Hall .
go to the East Side Station Post Office through the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to the Slater Hall through the Sharpe House .
go to the 86 Waterman  through the Avon Cinema .
go to the Emery Hall through the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to the Mencoff Hall through the Miller Hall .
go to the John Hay Library through the 164 Angel .
go to the Arnold Laboratory through the Spiritus Fermenti .
go to the Metcalf Hall through the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to the Faunce House through the Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building through the John Hay Library .
go to the Circle Dance Sculpture through the College Hill Bookstore .
go to the 219 Bowen through the Mencoff Hall .
go to the Avon Cinema through the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to the Wayland through the Andrews Hall .
go to the Class of 1887 Gate through the Pembroke Park .
go to the Supercuts through the Slater Hall .
go to the Idee di pietra through the Hillel House .
go to the BERT through the Thayer and Cushing .
go to the Andrews Hall through the Rhode Island Hall .
go to Mencoff Hall before going to J. R. Workman Garden .
go to Blue State Coffee before going to Prospect House .
go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology before going to Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall before going to Emery & Wooley .
go to Sharpe House before going to Slater Hall .
go to Brown University before going to Sidney Frank Hall .
go to Soldiers Memorial Gate before going to Blue State Coffee .
go to Alumnae Hall before going to Wayland .
go to John Hay Library before going to Biomedical Center .
go to Littlefield Hall before going to Sharpe House .
go to Class of 1872 Gate before going to Miller Hall .
go to Wilbour Hall before going to Sharpe House .
go to 219 Bowen before going to Hegeman .
go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall before going to Pembroke Park .
go to New Pembroke 3 before going to Maddock Alumni  .
go to Lincoln Field Building before going to J. R. Workman Garden .
go to Brown Center for Students of Color before going to Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to Lot 76 before going to Thayer and Meeting .
go to Alumnae Hall , then go to Brown Bear
go to Berk's;Shanghai , then go to Hope College
go to Champlin Hall , then go to 67 George
go to List Art Building , then go to Metcalf Hall
go to Peter Green House , then go to Manning
go to Circle Dance Sculpture , then go to Thayer and Cushing
go to Blue Room , then go to Pembroke Park
go to Robinson Hall , then go to Supercuts
go to Van Wickle Gates , then go to College Hill Bookstore
go to Salon Persia , then go to Brown Bear
go to Andrews Hall , then go to Maddock Alumni 
go to John Nicholas Brown Gate , then go to Avon Cinema
go to Salon Persia , then go to Wayland
go to Sidney Frank Hall , then go to The Ivy Room
go to William Goddard Memorial Gate , then go to New Pembroke 1
go to Norwood House , then go to 164 Angel
go to Alumnae Hall and then to Lot 17 .
go to Brown Bear and then to Blue State Coffee .
go to Alumnae Hall and then to Van Wickle Gates .
go to Second Time Around and then to Slavery Memorial .
go to Berk's;Shanghai and then to Barus Building .
go to Sharpe Refectory and then to Meeting Street Cafe .
go to Hegeman and then to Champlin Hall .
go to Hillel House and then to Van Wickle Gates .
go to Lincoln Field Building and then to Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to Brown University and then to Biomedical Center .
go to Campus Market and then to Hillel House .
go to Avon Cinema and then to Wilbour Hall .
go to Peter Green House and then to Slater Hall .
go to Brown Bear and then to Pleasant Surprises .
go to East Side Station Post Office and then to Barus Building .
go to P-131317 and then to Soban .
go to Andreas and then to Class of 1887 Gate .
always pass Class of 1872 Gate before Berk's;Shanghai .
always pass Lippit House before East Side Station Post Office .
always pass 111 Brown Street North House before Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
always pass New Pembroke 1 before Gardner House .
always pass Citizen's Bank before Pembroke Hall .
always pass Pembroke Hall before Hughes Court .
always pass Robinson Gate before Andreas .
always pass Prospect House before 219 Bowen .
always pass Sidney Frank Hall before Finlandia .
always pass Circle Dance Sculpture before Verney-Woolley Hall .
always pass Gardner House before Meeting Street Cafe .
always pass Lincoln Field Building before Facing Thayer .
always pass Pembroke Park before Walter Hall .
always pass Berk's;Shanghai before 67 George .
always pass J. R. Workman Garden before Medical Research Lab .
go to Granoff Center then Simmons Quadrangle .
go to Champlin Hall then Littlefield Hall .
go to Hillel House then Maddock Alumni  .
go to Hope College then Sidney Frank Hall .
go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority then Soban .
go to Faunce House then West House .
go to Sayles Hall then Peter Green House .
go to Morriss Hall then Simmons Quadrangle .
go to Lot 17 then Second Time Around .
go to Morriss Hall then The Ivy Room .
go to Supercuts then Citizen's Bank .
go to Lippit House then East Side Station Post Office .
go to 164 Angel then Gardner House .
go to Pleasant Surprises then Finlandia .
go to Hillel House then Caswell Hall .
go to Lincoln Field Building before going to Peter Green House .
go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop before going to Berk's;Shanghai .
go to Metcalf Research Building before going to New Pembroke 1 .
go to Andreas before going to Quiet Green .
go to Metcalf Hall before going to Rhode Island Hall .
go to CVS before going to Faunce House .
go to Granoff Center before going to Manning .
go to Casey Shearer Memorial before going to Spiritus Fermenti .
go to Class of 1872 Gate before going to Pleasant Surprises .
go to Avon Cinema before going to Slater Hall .
go to Citizen's Bank before going to Morriss Hall .
go to Miller Hall before going to 67 George .
go to Facing Thayer before going to Campus Market .
go to Watson Center for Information Technology before going to Pembroke Hall .
go to West House before going to Kassar House .
go to John Nicholas Brown Gate before going to New Pembroke 3 .
go to Granoff Center before going to Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to Andrews Terrace before going to Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to Robinson Gate before going to New Pembroke 3 .
go to Mencoff Hall through Pembroke Park
go to Barus Building through New Pembroke 2
go to Pembroke Hall through Van Wickle Gates
go to West House through Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology
go to College Hill Bookstore through Marston Hall
go to Sharpe Refectory through Miller Hall
go to Thayer and Meeting through Hegeman
go to Smith Buonanno Hall through Lot 76
go to Brown Bear through Emery Hall
go to Blue State Coffee through Brown Center for Students of Color
go to War Memorial through CVS
go to New Pembroke 1 through Shirley Miller House
go to Meeting Street Cafe through Class of 1872 Gate
go to Andrews Hall through Rockefeller Library
go to Class of 1887 Gate through New Pembroke 2
go to Facing Thayer , then up to Sharpe Refectory .
go to Lot 17 , then up to Sidney Frank Hall .
go to John Nicholas Brown Gate , then up to CVS .
go to Miller Hall , then up to Carrie Tower .
go to East Side Station Post Office , then up to Citizen's Bank .
go to Emery & Wooley , then up to Minden Hall .
go to Class of 1872 Gate , then up to Meeting Street Cafe .
go to East Side Station Post Office , then up to Brown Bear .
go to Supercuts , then up to Gardner House .
go to Untitled Lamp/Bear , then up to Salon Persia .
navigate through Wayland then go to Alumnae Hall .
navigate through Champlin Hall then go to Sharpe Refectory .
navigate through Manning then go to Pembroke Hall .
navigate through Simmons Quadrangle then go to East Side Station Post Office .
navigate through Verney-Woolley Hall then go to William Goddard Memorial Gate .
navigate through Slater Hall then go to Berk's;Shanghai .
navigate through Supercuts then go to Sears .
navigate through College Hill Bookstore then go to Wriston Quad .
navigate through Barus Building then go to Second Time Around .
navigate through Hegeman then go to Second Time Around .
navigate through East Side Station Post Office then go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
navigate through Thayer and Meeting then go to Simmons Quadrangle .
navigate through Pembroke Hall then go to Wilbour Hall .
navigate through Berk's;Shanghai then go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
navigate through New Pembroke 2 then go to Campus Market .
navigate through Miller Hall then go to Lincoln Field Building .
navigate through Thayer and Meeting then go to Lincoln Field Building .
go through Class of 1887 Gate to Thayer and Meeting .
go through Morgan Witter Rogers Gate to Soban .
go through Van Wickle Gates to Sidney Frank Hall .
go through Brown Bear to Berk's;Shanghai .
go through Blue State Coffee to Prospect House .
go through Sears to Hillel House .
go through Lippit House to 164 Angel .
go through 111 Brown Street North House to Idee di pietra .
go through Marcus Aurelius to Sidney Frank Hall .
go through Class of 1887 Gate to Alumnae Hall .
go through List Art Building to Pembroke Park .
go through New Pembroke 3 to Lippit House .
go through Simmons Quadrangle to Smith Buonanno Hall .
go through Prince Engineering Lab to Peter Green House .
go through Blue State Coffee to Medical Research Lab .
go through Class of 1872 Gate to Thayer and Meeting .
go through Verney-Woolley Hall to List Art Building .
go through Morgan Witter Rogers Gate to Sharpe House .
go to Metcalf Hall and proceed to Lincoln Field Building .
go to List Art Building and proceed to New Pembroke 1 .
go to 164 Angel and proceed to Slavery Memorial .
go to Blue State Coffee and proceed to Littlefield Hall .
go to John Carter Brown Library and proceed to Miller Hall .
go to Mencoff Hall and proceed to Andrews Hall .
go to Supercuts and proceed to Wriston Quad .
go to Sharpe House and proceed to Brown University Sciences Library .
go to CVS and proceed to Faunce House .
go to Rhode Island Hall and proceed to Berk's;Shanghai .
go to Salon Persia and proceed to Citizen's Bank .
go to Pembroke Park and proceed to Metcalf Research Building .
go to New Pembroke 4 and proceed to College Green .
go to Saint Stephens Church and proceed to New Pembroke 3 .
go to 111 Brown Street North House and proceed to John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to Hegeman , then go to Emery Hall .
go to Simmons Quadrangle , then go to Supercuts .
go to New Pembroke 1 , then go to Norwood House .
go to 164 Angel , then go to Barus Building .
go to Maxcy Green , then go to J. R. Workman Garden .
go to War Memorial , then go to Salon Persia .
go to Minden Hall , then go to 111 Brown Street North House .
go to Morriss Hall , then go to Robinson Hall .
go to J.W. Wilson , then go to Alumnae Hall .
go to Brown University , then go to Emery Hall .
go to Faunce House , then go to Soban .
go to Wilbour Hall , then go to College Hill Bookstore .
go to Prospect House , then go to New Pembroke 2 .
go to Meeting Street Cafe and then to Sharpe Refectory
go to The Ivy Room and then to Andrews Hall
go to BERT and then to New Pembroke 3
go to Brown University Bookstore and then to John Hay Library
go to Brown Bear and then to Sidney Frank Hall
go to Andreas and then to Wayland
go to Hillel House and then to Brown University
go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology and then to Emery Hall
go to Supercuts and then to William Goddard Memorial Gate
go to Facing Thayer and then to Slavery Memorial
go to Norwood House and then to Blue State Coffee
go to College Hill Bookstore through Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to Sharpe House through Kassar House .
go to Minden Hall through Pembroke Hall .
go to Swearer Center for Public Service through Brown University Bookstore .
go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall through Pembroke Park .
go to Sayles Hall through Miller Hall .
go to Caswell Hall through Supercuts .
go to Thayer and Cushing through 86 Waterman  .
go to Maxcy Hall through New Pembroke 2 .
go to Facing Thayer through Brown University .
go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority through Peter Green House .
go to Swearer Center for Public Service through College Hill Bookstore .
go to Wilbour Hall through Soban .
go to Sears through Second Time Around .
go to 219 Bowen through Maxcy Green .
go to Soldiers Memorial Gate through Supercuts .
go to Pembroke Park through Hope College .
go to Brown University Sciences Library through 111 Brown Street North House .
go to Lot 17 through Second Time Around .
go to Andrews Hall through Quiet Green .
go to Lyman Hall through Spiritus Fermenti .
go to Brown University Bookstore through Slater Hall .
go to Brown University Bookstore through William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to 86 Waterman  through Emery Hall .
go to CVS through Wriston Quad .
go to Hughes Court through Pembroke Hall .
go to Facing Thayer through Barus Building .
go to Miller Hall through Kassar House .
go to Sears through Alumnae Hall .
go to Blue Room through CVS .
go to Wriston Quad through 219 Bowen .
go to the Medical Research Lab before going to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building
go to the Brown University Sciences Library before going to Hillel House
go to the Andrews Hall before going to Wayland
go to the Circle Dance Sculpture before going to 164 Angel
go to the Morriss Hall before going to Littlefield Hall
go to the Berk's;Shanghai before going to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall
go to the Marcus Aurelius before going to Pleasant Surprises
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop before going to Andrews Terrace
go to the Sayles Hall before going to Emery & Wooley
go to the Thayer and Cushing before going to 86 Waterman 
go to the Spiritus Fermenti before going to J.W. Wilson
go to Lincoln Field Building , then go to Meeting Street Cafe .
go to Littlefield Hall , then go to Spiritus Fermenti .
go to Maddock Alumni  , then go to Hillel House .
go to Hughes Court , then go to Sharpe House .
go to Soban , then go to Van Wickle Gates .
go to Slater Hall , then go to Avon Cinema .
go to Circle Dance Sculpture , then go to Biomedical Center .
go to Sharpe House , then go to Starbucks .
go to 164 Angel , then go to Littlefield Hall .
go to Van Wickle Gates , then go to Champlin Hall .
go to Arnold Laboratory , then go to 164 Angel .
go through Morriss Hall then go to Faunce House .
go through John Hay Library then go to 111 Brown Street North House .
go through Berk's;Shanghai then go to Saint Stephens Church .
go through Untitled Lamp/Bear then go to Thayer and Cushing .
go through Rockefeller Library then go to Soban .
go through Thayer and Meeting then go to Prince Engineering Lab .
go through Manning then go to New Pembroke 3 .
go through Slater Hall then go to Pembroke Hall .
go through Medical Research Lab then go to 111 Brown Street North House .
go through J. R. Workman Garden then go to Citizen's Bank .
go through Pembroke Hall then go to Prospect House .
go to 164 Angel through Slavery Memorial
go to Pembroke Park through Caswell Hall
go to Brown University Sciences Library through Miller Hall
go to Champlin Hall through Gardner House
go to John Carter Brown Library through Facing Thayer
go to Alumnae Hall through Hughes Court
go to Peter Green House through Morgan Witter Rogers Gate
go to Metcalf Research Building through West House
go to Faunce House through Alumnae Hall
go to CVS through Slavery Memorial
go to Salomon Center for Teaching through Pembroke Park
go to Hughes Court through Champlin Hall
go to Verney-Woolley Hall through Rockefeller Library
go to Morriss Hall then go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to Pembroke Hall then go to Class of 1872 Gate .
go to Lot 76 then go to Pembroke Park .
go to West House then go to Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology then go to New Pembroke 4 .
go to Rockefeller Library then go to Biomedical Center .
go to Biomedical Center then go to Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to Andrews Terrace then go to Lot 18 .
go to New Pembroke 2 then go to Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to Hillel House then go to Brown Bear .
go to Sidney Frank Hall then go to Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to Champlin Hall then go to Rockefeller Library .
go to Facing Thayer then go to University Hall .
go to New Pembroke 3 then go to Class of 1872 Gate .
go to Prince Engineering Lab then go to 219 Bowen .
go to Class of 1872 Gate then go to Facing Thayer .
go to Peter Green House then go to Lot 18 .
go to Manning then go to New Pembroke 1 .
go to Horace Mann House through Andreas .
go to Sharpe Refectory through Emery & Wooley .
go to 164 Angel through Lot 17 .
go to New Pembroke 4 through Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to Second Time Around through Lippit House .
go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences through New Pembroke 4 .
go to Pembroke Park through GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to Facing Thayer through Rhode Island Hall .
go to Kassar House through Metcalf Hall .
go to Metcalf Hall through Brown Bear .
go to Sidney Frank Hall through John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to New Pembroke 3 through Van Wickle Gates .
go to Emery & Wooley through Blue Room .
go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority through Emery Hall .
go to Salon Persia through Sears .
go to Granoff Center through Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to John Carter Brown Library through CVS .
go to Lincoln Field Building through J. R. Workman Garden .
first navigate to Rhode Island Hall , then go to New Pembroke 2 .
first navigate to Berk's;Shanghai , then go to Class of 1887 Gate .
first navigate to Miller Hall , then go to Class of 1887 Gate .
first navigate to Facing Thayer , then go to Lyman Hall .
first navigate to P-131317 , then go to Pembroke Park .
first navigate to 111 Brown Street North House , then go to Campus Market .
first navigate to Peter Green House , then go to Norwood House .
first navigate to Walter Hall , then go to Salon Persia .
first navigate to East Side Station Post Office , then go to 86 Waterman  .
first navigate to College Green , then go to Thayer and Meeting .
first navigate to The Ivy Room , then go to Second Time Around .
first navigate to War Memorial , then go to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
first navigate to Soldiers Memorial Gate , then go to Soban .
first navigate to Maddock Alumni  , then go to Facing Thayer .
first navigate to East Side Station Post Office , then go to Caswell Hall .
first navigate to Brown Bear , then go to Pembroke Hall .
first navigate to New Pembroke 1 , then go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to Smith Buonanno Hall through Kassar House
go to Faunce House through Salon Persia
go to J. R. Workman Garden through Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology
go to Van Wickle Gates through College Hill Bookstore
go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology through Second Time Around
go to Lot 18 through 219 Bowen
go to Kassar House through 111 Brown Street North House
go to Pembroke Hall through Hegeman
go to Urban Environmental Lab through Brown University Bookstore
go to Sharpe House through Mencoff Hall
go to Shirley Miller House through Emery & Wooley
go to Meeting Street Cafe through Mencoff Hall
go to Soldiers Memorial Gate through Andreas
go to College Hill Bookstore through Van Wickle Gates
go to Starbucks through 111 Brown Street North House
go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall through Avon Cinema
go to Morriss Hall through Marston Hall
go to Supercuts through Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop
go to Swearer Center for Public Service through Verney-Woolley Hall
go to Sidney Frank Hall through Circle Dance Sculpture
always go to Second Time Around before Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
always go to War Memorial before Avon Cinema .
always go to Rockefeller Library before College Hill Bookstore .
always go to Soban before Minden Hall .
always go to Brown Bear before West House .
always go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ before Thayer and Cushing .
always go to 219 Bowen before Citizen's Bank .
always go to Sharpe Refectory before Pembroke Hall .
always go to Verney-Woolley Hall before Class of 1872 Gate .
always go to Alumnae Hall before Brown University Sciences Library .
always go to Starbucks before 219 Bowen .
always go to West House before Slavery Memorial .
always go to Morriss Hall before Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to Carrie Tower , then go to New Pembroke 3 .
go to Second Time Around , then go to Brown University .
go to College Green , then go to Meeting Street Cafe .
go to Pleasant Surprises , then go to 86 Waterman  .
go to Peter Green House , then go to P-131317 .
go to Granoff Center , then go to Lippit House .
go to College Hill Bookstore , then go to Van Wickle Gates .
go to New Pembroke 1 , then go to Caswell Hall .
go to Thayer and Meeting , then go to University Hall .
go to Wilbour Hall , then go to Pembroke Park .
go to Sidney Frank Hall , then go to Wilbour Hall .
go to Friedman Hall by going through Spiritus Fermenti
go to Brown University Bookstore by going through Lyman Hall
go to College Green by going through Pembroke Park
go to New Pembroke 4 by going through Brown Bear
go to Maddock Alumni  by going through Pembroke Hall
go to Salon Persia by going through Starbucks
go to Brown University Sciences Library by going through West House
go to Thayer and Cushing by going through Lyman Hall
go to Metcalf Hall by going through Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology
go to P-131317 by going through Thayer and Cushing
go to Andrews Terrace by going through Maxcy Green
go to Blue State Coffee by going through Walter Hall
go to Slavery Memorial by going through Pembroke Park
go to Emery & Wooley by going through Horace Mann House
go to Sharpe Refectory by going through Peter Green House
go to Granoff Center after going to University Hall .
go to Marcus Aurelius after going to Granoff Center .
go to Brown University Bookstore after going to Maddock Alumni  .
go to Swearer Center for Public Service after going to 164 Angel .
go to East Side Station Post Office after going to Lippit House .
go to Barus Building after going to College Hill Bookstore .
go to Arnold Laboratory after going to Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to New Pembroke 4 after going to Rhode Island Hall .
go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences after going to Thayer and Meeting .
go to Salomon Center for Teaching after going to New Pembroke 2 .
go to Meeting Street Cafe after going to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to Thayer and Cushing after going to Minden Hall .
go to Caswell Hall after going to Spiritus Fermenti .
go to Miller Hall after going to Brown Bear .
go to Robinson Hall after going to Sharpe House .
go to Emery & Wooley after going to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to New Pembroke 4 after going to College Green .
go through Prospect House to Soban .
go through Kassar House to Andreas .
go through Sears to Sidney Frank Hall .
go through Slavery Memorial to Blue State Coffee .
go through List Art Building to Avon Cinema .
go through Simmons Quadrangle to Spiritus Fermenti .
go through Supercuts to Van Wickle Gates .
go through Campus Market to Metcalf Hall .
go through Barus Building to CVS .
go through Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building to Marcus Aurelius .
go through Brown University Sciences Library to Champlin Hall .
go through Starbucks to Metcalf Hall .
go through Wriston Quad to New Pembroke 1 .
go through New Pembroke 3 to College Green .
go through GeoChem and Macmillian Hall to New Pembroke 2 .
go through Hughes Court to Andrews Hall .
avoid the Brown University Bookstore and travel to the Lippit House .
avoid the Medical Research Lab and travel to the Champlin Hall .
avoid the Avon Cinema and travel to the P-131317 .
avoid the 219 Bowen and travel to the Class of 1872 Gate .
avoid the College Green and travel to the 219 Bowen .
avoid the Supercuts and travel to the Littlefield Hall .
avoid the Gardner House and travel to the Peter Green House .
avoid the Brown University Sciences Library and travel to the New Pembroke 2 .
avoid the Wayland and travel to the Metcalf Hall .
avoid the Circle Dance Sculpture and travel to the Hillel House .
avoid the Urban Environmental Lab and travel to the New Pembroke 4 .
avoid the Shirley Miller House and travel to the New Pembroke 4 .
avoid the New Pembroke 3 and travel to the Arnold Laboratory .
avoid the Andrews Terrace and travel to the Marcus Aurelius .
avoid the Salon Persia and travel to the John Carter Brown Library .
avoid the Casey Shearer Memorial and go to the Emery Hall .
avoid the Hegeman and go to the Emery & Wooley .
avoid the Granoff Center and go to the Quiet Green .
avoid the Starbucks and go to the Salon Persia .
avoid the Campus Market and go to the Spiritus Fermenti .
avoid the Meeting Street Cafe and go to the Urban Environmental Lab .
avoid the Supercuts and go to the Friedman Hall .
avoid the West House and go to the Van Wickle Gates .
avoid the Emery Hall and go to the BERT .
avoid the Sidney Frank Hall and go to the Saint Stephens Church .
avoid the William Goddard Memorial Gate and go to the Alumnae Hall .
avoid the Avon Cinema and go to the Marcus Aurelius .
avoid the Saint Stephens Church and go to the Berk's;Shanghai .
avoid the Avon Cinema and go to the Hughes Court .
avoid the Salon Persia and go to the Saint Stephens Church .
avoid the Sayles Hall and go to the Miller Hall .
avoid the CVS and go to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
avoid the Untitled Lamp/Bear and go to the Pembroke Park .
go to the New Pembroke 1 avoiding the Wilbour Hall .
go to the Lyman Hall avoiding the New Pembroke 4 .
go to the Rockefeller Library avoiding the Avon Cinema .
go to the Lyman Hall avoiding the Berk's;Shanghai .
go to the Metcalf Research Building avoiding the Granoff Center .
go to the Alumnae Hall avoiding the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to the Peter Green House avoiding the University Hall .
go to the Casey Shearer Memorial avoiding the Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to the University Hall avoiding the Avon Cinema .
go to the Shirley Miller House avoiding the Meeting Street Cafe .
always avoid the Brown University Bookstore and go to the Metcalf Research Building .
always avoid the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ and go to the Andreas .
always avoid the Maxcy Hall and go to the Sharpe House .
always avoid the Saint Stephens Church and go to the Emery Hall .
always avoid the West House and go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
always avoid the Pembroke Hall and go to the Lot 76 .
always avoid the Andrews Hall and go to the Sears .
always avoid the Lot 18 and go to the Hillel House .
always avoid the Avon Cinema and go to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
always avoid the 111 Brown Street North House and go to the Citizen's Bank .
go to the Supercuts while avoiding the Swearer Center for Public Service
go to the List Art Building while avoiding the Miller Hall
go to the College Hill Bookstore while avoiding the List Art Building
go to the West House while avoiding the BERT
go to the College Green while avoiding the Emery Hall
go to the John Hay Library while avoiding the Thayer and Cushing
go to the Thayer and Meeting while avoiding the Lot 18
go to the Lot 17 while avoiding the Spiritus Fermenti
go to the Brown Bear while avoiding the Spiritus Fermenti
go to the Alumnae Hall while avoiding the Finlandia
go to the Rhode Island Hall while avoiding the New Pembroke 1
go to the Andrews Terrace while avoiding the Horace Mann House
go to the Andreas while avoiding the Casey Shearer Memorial
go to the P-131317 while avoiding the Miller Hall
go to the Granoff Center while avoiding the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop
go to the Sidney Frank Hall while avoiding the Minden Hall
go to the Metcalf Hall while avoiding the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate
go to the Simmons Quadrangle while avoiding the Facing Thayer
go to the Simmons Quadrangle while avoiding the Biomedical Center
go to the Andreas while avoiding the Caswell Hall
navigate to the Brown University Bookstore always avoiding the Mencoff Hall .
navigate to the Wilbour Hall always avoiding the Champlin Hall .
navigate to the Pembroke Park always avoiding the War Memorial .
navigate to the The Ivy Room always avoiding the Biomedical Center .
navigate to the Sears always avoiding the 164 Angel .
navigate to the 111 Brown Street North House always avoiding the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
navigate to the Citizen's Bank always avoiding the Andrews Terrace .
navigate to the BERT always avoiding the Metcalf Hall .
navigate to the Simmons Quadrangle always avoiding the Sharpe House .
navigate to the Lot 17 always avoiding the Facing Thayer .
navigate to the Meeting Street Cafe always avoiding the Quiet Green .
navigate to the Smith Buonanno Hall always avoiding the Maxcy Green .
navigate to the Citizen's Bank always avoiding the J. R. Workman Garden .
navigate to the Casey Shearer Memorial always avoiding the Soban .
navigate to the Thayer and Meeting always avoiding the Rhode Island Hall .
navigate to the Champlin Hall always avoiding the Prospect House .
navigate to the Gardner House always avoiding the Verney-Woolley Hall .
navigate to the Sears always avoiding the Granoff Center .
navigate to the John Carter Brown Library always avoiding the Sidney Frank Hall .
navigate to the Second Time Around always avoiding the Barus Building .
go to the 219 Bowen and avoid the War Memorial .
go to the Brown Bear and avoid the Alumnae Hall .
go to the Peter Green House and avoid the Wayland .
go to the New Pembroke 1 and avoid the Class of 1887 Gate .
go to the Maxcy Green and avoid the Biomedical Center .
go to the Andrews Terrace and avoid the Shirley Miller House .
go to the Granoff Center and avoid the J.W. Wilson .
go to the University Hall and avoid the Biomedical Center .
go to the J.W. Wilson and avoid the Berk's;Shanghai .
go to the Soban and avoid the College Green .
go to the New Pembroke 2 and avoid the Prospect House .
go to the The Ivy Room and avoid the Peter Green House .
go to the College Hill Bookstore and avoid the Norwood House .
go to the Sharpe Refectory and avoid the Peter Green House .
go to the Casey Shearer Memorial and avoid the Biomedical Center .
go to the Pembroke Hall and avoid the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to the Lot 18 and avoid the Pembroke Hall .
always avoid the College Green and go to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
always avoid the New Pembroke 2 and go to the Mencoff Hall .
always avoid the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building and go to the Kassar House .
always avoid the Andreas and go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
always avoid the Horace Mann House and go to the Pembroke Hall .
always avoid the Lippit House and go to the Second Time Around .
always avoid the Andreas and go to the War Memorial .
always avoid the Lot 18 and go to the Emery & Wooley .
always avoid the Emery & Wooley and go to the Starbucks .
always avoid the Swearer Center for Public Service and go to the Spiritus Fermenti .
always avoid the War Memorial and go to the Thayer and Cushing .
always avoid the Class of 1872 Gate and go to the Facing Thayer .
always avoid the Kassar House and go to the Emery & Wooley .
always avoid the Pleasant Surprises and go to the Carrie Tower .
navigate to the William Goddard Memorial Gate but never go to the New Pembroke 4 .
navigate to the Alumnae Hall but never go to the Campus Market .
navigate to the Class of 1887 Gate but never go to the Miller Hall .
navigate to the Salon Persia but never go to the 86 Waterman  .
navigate to the BERT but never go to the Miller Hall .
navigate to the 67 George but never go to the Spiritus Fermenti .
navigate to the Swearer Center for Public Service but never go to the East Side Station Post Office .
navigate to the Gardner House but never go to the Thayer and Meeting .
navigate to the Robinson Gate but never go to the Pleasant Surprises .
navigate to the Pembroke Hall but never go to the Carrie Tower .
navigate to the Morriss Hall but never go to the Gardner House .
navigate to the Faunce House but never go to the Peter Green House .
navigate to the Morriss Hall but never go to the University Hall .
navigate to the Emery Hall but never go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
navigate to the Mencoff Hall but never go to the Second Time Around .
navigate to the Miller Hall but never go to the Lot 76 .
navigate to the Lot 18 but never go to the Andrews Terrace .
navigate to the New Pembroke 3 but never go to the Blue Room .
navigate to the Quiet Green but never go to the Soban .
navigate to the New Pembroke 4 but never go to the J.W. Wilson .
avoid the Supercuts , navigate to the Hughes Court .
avoid the Blue State Coffee , navigate to the Van Wickle Gates .
avoid the 219 Bowen , navigate to the Brown Bear .
avoid the Avon Cinema , navigate to the Maxcy Hall .
avoid the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall , navigate to the Avon Cinema .
avoid the East Side Station Post Office , navigate to the Littlefield Hall .
avoid the Biomedical Center , navigate to the J.W. Wilson .
avoid the Verney-Woolley Hall , navigate to the Wriston Quad .
avoid the 164 Angel , navigate to the Citizen's Bank .
avoid the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority , navigate to the Sidney Frank Hall .
avoid the College Green , navigate to the CVS .
navigate to the Prince Engineering Lab while avoiding the Thayer and Meeting .
navigate to the Norwood House while avoiding the Avon Cinema .
navigate to the Avon Cinema while avoiding the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
navigate to the Brown University while avoiding the Avon Cinema .
navigate to the Granoff Center while avoiding the Campus Market .
navigate to the Emery Hall while avoiding the Walter Hall .
navigate to the Rhode Island Hall while avoiding the Andrews Hall .
navigate to the Walter Hall while avoiding the Meeting Street Cafe .
navigate to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology while avoiding the Salon Persia .
navigate to the Sayles Hall while avoiding the Emery Hall .
navigate to the Sidney Frank Hall while avoiding the Brown Center for Students of Color .
navigate to the Supercuts while avoiding the Hughes Court .
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ without going to the Miller Hall
go to the Slavery Memorial without going to the Andrews Hall
go to the Peter Green House without going to the Rockefeller Library
go to the Blue State Coffee without going to the Littlefield Hall
go to the Emery & Wooley without going to the Idee di pietra
go to the New Pembroke 2 without going to the Hughes Court
go to the Thayer and Cushing without going to the Horace Mann House
go to the Hegeman without going to the Spiritus Fermenti
go to the Andrews Terrace without going to the List Art Building
go to the College Green without going to the Berk's;Shanghai
go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate without going to the Avon Cinema
go to the Granoff Center without going to the Finlandia
go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate without going to the Champlin Hall
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop without going to the East Side Station Post Office
go to the Marcus Aurelius without going to the Andrews Hall
go to the New Pembroke 1 without going to the Horace Mann House
go through the Emery & Wooley to get to Robinson Gate
go through the J. R. Workman Garden to get to Medical Research Lab
go through the Metcalf Hall to get to Brown Bear
go through the Emery Hall to get to Prince Engineering Lab
go through the Watson Center for Information Technology to get to Verney-Woolley Hall
go through the Miller Hall to get to Brown Bear
go through the 219 Bowen to get to Quiet Green
go through the Verney-Woolley Hall to get to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences
go through the Carrie Tower to get to Peter Green House
go through the Soban to get to Prospect House
go through the West House to get to Faunce House
go through the Hegeman to get to Facing Thayer
go through the Maddock Alumni  to get to Facing Thayer
avoid the Second Time Around and go to the Lot 76 .
avoid the Idee di pietra and go to the Pembroke Park .
avoid the Salomon Center for Teaching and go to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
avoid the Supercuts and go to the Lincoln Field Building .
avoid the Andrews Hall and go to the Hope College .
avoid the Peter Green House and go to the John Carter Brown Library .
avoid the Sharpe House and go to the Idee di pietra .
avoid the Untitled Lamp/Bear and go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
avoid the CVS and go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
avoid the Barus Building and go to the West House .
avoid the Manning and go to the New Pembroke 4 .
avoid the Sidney Frank Hall and go to the Van Wickle Gates .
avoid the Sidney Frank Hall and go to the Hegeman .
avoid the Class of 1887 Gate and go to the Miller Hall .
go to East Side Station Post Office , but do not go to Slavery Memorial .
go to Sharpe Refectory , but do not go to New Pembroke 3 .
go to CVS , but do not go to Carrie Tower .
go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity , but do not go to New Pembroke 3 .
go to Walter Hall , but do not go to Morriss Hall .
go to 219 Bowen , but do not go to Walter Hall .
go to Citizen's Bank , but do not go to Hillel House .
go to Supercuts , but do not go to Slavery Memorial .
go to Maxcy Green , but do not go to 164 Angel .
go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ , but do not go to Pleasant Surprises .
go to Marcus Aurelius , but do not go to 219 Bowen .
go to 111 Brown Street North House , but do not go to Sears .
go to Sidney Frank Hall , but do not go to Sharpe Refectory .
go to New Pembroke 1 , but do not go to Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to Supercuts , but do not go to Wilbour Hall .
go to Faunce House , but do not go to Morriss Hall .
go to Spiritus Fermenti , but do not go to BERT .
go to Slavery Memorial , but do not go to Emery & Wooley .
go to John Carter Brown Library , but do not go to Granoff Center .
go to the Quiet Green without going to the Hillel House .
go to the Facing Thayer without going to the University Hall .
go to the Salon Persia without going to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to the Simmons Quadrangle without going to the Facing Thayer .
go to the Casey Shearer Memorial without going to the Pleasant Surprises .
go to the CVS without going to the Lyman Hall .
go to the New Pembroke 2 without going to the Quiet Green .
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching without going to the New Pembroke 2 .
go to the Andrews Terrace without going to the John Hay Library .
go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate without going to the Thayer and Meeting .
go to the BERT without going to the Sharpe House .
go to the Granoff Center without going to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to the Horace Mann House without going to the Berk's;Shanghai .
go to the University Hall without going to the Avon Cinema .
go to the 111 Brown Street North House without going to the BERT .
go to the 219 Bowen without going to the Lot 17 .
go to the Pleasant Surprises without going to the Quiet Green .
go to the BERT without going to the Supercuts .
avoid the Champlin Hall and go to the Finlandia .
avoid the Prospect House and go to the 111 Brown Street North House .
avoid the Supercuts and go to the Citizen's Bank .
avoid the William Goddard Memorial Gate and go to the Hillel House .
avoid the Sears and go to the Second Time Around .
avoid the Prospect House and go to the West House .
avoid the Meeting Street Cafe and go to the Walter Hall .
avoid the University Hall and go to the New Pembroke 2 .
avoid the West House and go to the University Hall .
avoid the Maddock Alumni  and go to the Meeting Street Cafe .
avoid the Maxcy Hall and go to the Emery & Wooley .
avoid the Lyman Hall and go to the East Side Station Post Office .
avoid the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority and go to the New Pembroke 2 .
avoid the Thayer and Meeting and go to the Wilbour Hall .
avoid the Kassar House and go to the Berk's;Shanghai .
avoid the Watson Center for Information Technology and go to the Granoff Center .
avoid the 164 Angel and go to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
avoid the Sidney Frank Hall and go to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
avoid the Robinson Hall and go to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
avoid the Maxcy Green and go to the Andrews Terrace .
avoid the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building and go to the Prospect House .
avoid the The Ivy Room and go to the Thayer and Cushing .
avoid the Kassar House and go to the Salon Persia .
avoid the Swearer Center for Public Service and go to the Sharpe House .
avoid the P-131317 and go to the Sidney Frank Hall .
avoid the New Pembroke 2 and go to the Horace Mann House .
avoid the New Pembroke 4 and go to the Maxcy Green .
avoid the Verney-Woolley Hall and go to the Van Wickle Gates .
avoid the Swearer Center for Public Service and go to the Andreas .
avoid the Untitled Lamp/Bear and go to the Avon Cinema .
avoid the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity and go to the Blue State Coffee .
avoid the New Pembroke 4 and go to the Class of 1887 Gate .
avoid the West House and go to the Shirley Miller House .
avoid the List Art Building and go to the 219 Bowen .
avoid the Smith Buonanno Hall and go to the Sharpe Refectory .
avoid the College Green and go to the New Pembroke 4 .
avoid the Thayer and Cushing and go to the Slater Hall .
avoid the Hegeman and go to the Andrews Terrace .
avoid the Citizen's Bank and go to the 164 Angel .
avoid the Pleasant Surprises and go to the 67 George .
avoid the Pembroke Park and go to the Medical Research Lab .
avoid the Walter Hall and go to the Avon Cinema .
avoid the Robinson Gate and go to the Peter Green House .
avoid the Pembroke Hall and go to the John Hay Library .
avoid the Brown Center for Students of Color and go to the Avon Cinema .
avoid the Citizen's Bank and go to the Avon Cinema .
avoid the Wayland and go to the Andrews Hall .
avoid the J.W. Wilson and go to the College Hill Bookstore .
avoid the Facing Thayer and go to the Simmons Quadrangle .
avoid the Manning and go to the Biomedical Center .
avoid the Pembroke Hall and go to the Lyman Hall .
avoid the West House and go to the College Green .
avoid the New Pembroke 2 and go to the Slater Hall .
avoid the Sidney Frank Hall and go to the Marston Hall .
avoid the Metcalf Hall and go to the Rockefeller Library .
avoid the John Carter Brown Library and go to the New Pembroke 3 .
avoid the John Hay Library and go to the College Hill Bookstore .
move to the Thayer and Meeting while avoiding the John Carter Brown Library .
move to the Carrie Tower while avoiding the J. R. Workman Garden .
move to the New Pembroke 2 while avoiding the Rockefeller Library .
move to the Urban Environmental Lab while avoiding the New Pembroke 1 .
move to the Pembroke Hall while avoiding the Robinson Hall .
move to the War Memorial while avoiding the Verney-Woolley Hall .
move to the West House while avoiding the Faunce House .
move to the Sharpe House while avoiding the Medical Research Lab .
move to the Sidney Frank Hall while avoiding the Metcalf Research Building .
move to the Avon Cinema while avoiding the Caswell Hall .
move to the Barus Building while avoiding the Supercuts .
move to the Thayer and Cushing while avoiding the Manning .
move to the West House while avoiding the Finlandia .
move to the 67 George while avoiding the Smith Buonanno Hall .
move to the John Hay Library while avoiding the Emery & Wooley .
move to the Norwood House while avoiding the College Hill Bookstore .
move to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate while avoiding the Alumnae Hall .
move to the 86 Waterman  while avoiding the New Pembroke 2 .
go to the J. R. Workman Garden while always avoiding the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall while always avoiding the Van Wickle Gates
go to the Alumnae Hall while always avoiding the Kassar House
go to the List Art Building while always avoiding the Brown University Bookstore
go to the John Hay Library while always avoiding the East Side Station Post Office
go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology while always avoiding the Blue State Coffee
go to the Emery Hall while always avoiding the John Hay Library
go to the Thayer and Meeting while always avoiding the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity
go to the Sidney Frank Hall while always avoiding the Citizen's Bank
go to the Brown University Sciences Library while always avoiding the 111 Brown Street North House
go to the Second Time Around while always avoiding the Prince Engineering Lab
go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building while always avoiding the Caswell Hall
go to the West House while always avoiding the College Green
avoid the New Pembroke 3 and navigate to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
avoid the Sears and navigate to the Brown University Bookstore .
avoid the College Green and navigate to the Andrews Hall .
avoid the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building and navigate to the Starbucks .
avoid the John Nicholas Brown Gate and navigate to the Pleasant Surprises .
avoid the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate and navigate to the Alumnae Hall .
avoid the Facing Thayer and navigate to the Gardner House .
avoid the Champlin Hall and navigate to the Hope College .
avoid the William Goddard Memorial Gate and navigate to the Avon Cinema .
avoid the Meeting Street Cafe and navigate to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
avoid the Salon Persia and navigate to the Faunce House .
avoid the Slavery Memorial and navigate to the Biomedical Center .
avoid the Hegeman and navigate to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
avoid the Champlin Hall and navigate to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
avoid the Andrews Terrace and navigate to the Lyman Hall .
always avoid the Pembroke Hall and go to the Walter Hall .
always avoid the Rhode Island Hall and go to the Second Time Around .
always avoid the College Hill Bookstore and go to the List Art Building .
always avoid the 86 Waterman  and go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
always avoid the Thayer and Meeting and go to the Class of 1887 Gate .
always avoid the Lippit House and go to the 111 Brown Street North House .
always avoid the BERT and go to the New Pembroke 2 .
always avoid the Hillel House and go to the Rhode Island Hall .
always avoid the West House and go to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
always avoid the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building and go to the Saint Stephens Church .
always avoid the College Green and go to the Andreas .
always avoid the Blue State Coffee and go to the Robinson Gate .
always avoid the Pembroke Park and go to the University Hall .
always avoid the Shirley Miller House and go to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
always avoid the Soldiers Memorial Gate and go to the Andreas .
always avoid the West House and go to the Class of 1887 Gate .
always avoid the 111 Brown Street North House and go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
always avoid the Facing Thayer and go to the Lyman Hall .
always avoid the Smith Buonanno Hall and go to the Lippit House .
always avoid the Sharpe House and go to the J.W. Wilson .
navigate to the Second Time Around , always avoiding the Maxcy Hall .
navigate to the East Side Station Post Office , always avoiding the Prospect House .
navigate to the Facing Thayer , always avoiding the Marcus Aurelius .
navigate to the Alumnae Hall , always avoiding the Caswell Hall .
navigate to the Brown University , always avoiding the Andrews Hall .
navigate to the Lippit House , always avoiding the Salon Persia .
navigate to the Pembroke Park , always avoiding the Salomon Center for Teaching .
navigate to the New Pembroke 4 , always avoiding the Saint Stephens Church .
navigate to the Finlandia , always avoiding the CVS .
navigate to the 67 George , always avoiding the Morriss Hall .
navigate to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall , always avoiding the Andrews Terrace .
navigate to the New Pembroke 4 , always avoiding the Hegeman .
navigate to the West House , always avoiding the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
navigate to the 111 Brown Street North House , always avoiding the Barus Building .
navigate to the Hillel House , always avoiding the Littlefield Hall .
avoid the Horace Mann House while going to the Alumnae Hall .
avoid the East Side Station Post Office while going to the Robinson Hall .
avoid the Littlefield Hall while going to the Avon Cinema .
avoid the East Side Station Post Office while going to the Faunce House .
avoid the Marston Hall while going to the Metcalf Hall .
avoid the Sharpe House while going to the Lot 17 .
avoid the Faunce House while going to the Salon Persia .
avoid the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity while going to the Sharpe House .
avoid the Van Wickle Gates while going to the Brown University Bookstore .
avoid the Watson Center for Information Technology while going to the Miller Hall .
go to the Lot 18 whilst avoiding the Facing Thayer .
go to the New Pembroke 3 whilst avoiding the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to the New Pembroke 3 whilst avoiding the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to the Kassar House whilst avoiding the Sharpe House .
go to the Avon Cinema whilst avoiding the Brown Bear .
go to the West House whilst avoiding the John Hay Library .
go to the Meeting Street Cafe whilst avoiding the 67 George .
go to the Pleasant Surprises whilst avoiding the Wayland .
go to the Supercuts whilst avoiding the Idee di pietra .
go to the Lyman Hall whilst avoiding the J. R. Workman Garden .
go to the Champlin Hall whilst avoiding the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to the Slater Hall whilst avoiding the New Pembroke 3 .
go to the New Pembroke 1 whilst avoiding the Sears .
go to the Lot 17 whilst avoiding the Avon Cinema .
go to the Biomedical Center whilst avoiding the Friedman Hall .
go to the Littlefield Hall whilst avoiding the J. R. Workman Garden .
go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences whilst avoiding the Andrews Terrace .
go to the Urban Environmental Lab whilst avoiding the Meeting Street Cafe .
go to the Marcus Aurelius whilst avoiding the Second Time Around .
go to the John Hay Library whilst avoiding the College Hill Bookstore .
head to the 219 Bowen without going through the Brown Center for Students of Color
head to the Champlin Hall without going through the Idee di pietra
head to the East Side Station Post Office without going through the Hegeman
head to the West House without going through the Lyman Hall
head to the Spiritus Fermenti without going through the Finlandia
head to the Medical Research Lab without going through the Miller Hall
head to the CVS without going through the Brown Bear
head to the Supercuts without going through the Starbucks
head to the War Memorial without going through the Thayer and Cushing
head to the Hughes Court without going through the Andrews Terrace
head to the The Ivy Room without going through the West House
head to the New Pembroke 4 without going through the Slavery Memorial
head to the Lot 18 without going through the Brown University Bookstore
head to the J.W. Wilson without going through the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building
head to the Granoff Center without going through the Littlefield Hall
head to the Andrews Hall without going through the Caswell Hall
head to the William Goddard Memorial Gate without going through the Avon Cinema
head to the Brown University Bookstore without going through the Lippit House
head to the New Pembroke 1 without going through the Watson Center for Information Technology
go to Marston Hall and avoid the New Pembroke 1 .
go to Carrie Tower and avoid the New Pembroke 1 .
go to 86 Waterman  and avoid the 219 Bowen .
go to Brown Center for Students of Color and avoid the Meeting Street Cafe .
go to Friedman Hall and avoid the Berk's;Shanghai .
go to Salon Persia and avoid the Simmons Quadrangle .
go to 86 Waterman  and avoid the Salon Persia .
go to Lippit House and avoid the Pembroke Park .
go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop and avoid the Biomedical Center .
go to Brown Bear and avoid the New Pembroke 4 .
go to Friedman Hall and avoid the West House .
go to Arnold Laboratory and avoid the J. R. Workman Garden .
go to Salon Persia and avoid the Brown University .
avoiding the Manning , go to Morriss Hall .
avoiding the Andrews Terrace , go to Robinson Gate .
avoiding the Granoff Center , go to Prince Engineering Lab .
avoiding the Avon Cinema , go to Class of 1887 Gate .
avoiding the Morriss Hall , go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
avoiding the Metcalf Research Building , go to New Pembroke 3 .
avoiding the College Green , go to New Pembroke 4 .
avoiding the Wriston Quad , go to Smith Buonanno Hall .
avoiding the Pembroke Hall , go to Hughes Court .
avoiding the Wriston Quad , go to Pembroke Park .
avoiding the Meeting Street Cafe , go to Wriston Quad .
avoiding the Blue State Coffee , go to Shirley Miller House .
avoiding the East Side Station Post Office , go to Walter Hall .
avoiding the Pleasant Surprises , go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
avoid the Salomon Center for Teaching and go to Brown University Bookstore .
avoid the 164 Angel and go to Circle Dance Sculpture .
avoid the Brown Bear and go to Pembroke Hall .
avoid the CVS and go to Saint Stephens Church .
avoid the Circle Dance Sculpture and go to Metcalf Hall .
avoid the West House and go to Simmons Quadrangle .
avoid the Wilbour Hall and go to Pleasant Surprises .
avoid the CVS and go to Rhode Island Hall .
avoid the Manning and go to Berk's;Shanghai .
avoid the College Hill Bookstore and go to Robinson Hall .
avoid the College Hill Bookstore and go to Walter Hall .
avoid the New Pembroke 2 and go to Hughes Court .
avoid the West House and go to Soldiers Memorial Gate .
avoid the 86 Waterman  and go to Soban .
avoid the List Art Building and go to Meeting Street Cafe
avoid the Supercuts and go to Lot 18
avoid the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity and go to Morriss Hall
avoid the New Pembroke 2 and go to Van Wickle Gates
avoid the Salomon Center for Teaching and go to New Pembroke 4
avoid the Avon Cinema and go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity
avoid the Emery Hall and go to War Memorial
avoid the Brown University Sciences Library and go to 111 Brown Street North House
avoid the BERT and go to Emery Hall
avoid the The Ivy Room and go to CVS
avoid the Granoff Center and go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences
avoid the J.W. Wilson and go to Hillel House
avoid the Avon Cinema and go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop
avoid the College Hill Bookstore and go to Kassar House
avoid the Pembroke Park and go to Lot 76
avoid the Champlin Hall and go to Rockefeller Library
avoid the Peter Green House and go to The Ivy Room
avoid the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority and go to East Side Station Post Office
avoid the Verney-Woolley Hall and go to Citizen's Bank
avoid the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building on the way to Lippit House .
avoid the Idee di pietra on the way to Emery Hall .
avoid the Sears on the way to Thayer and Meeting .
avoid the Smith Buonanno Hall on the way to Carrie Tower .
avoid the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority on the way to Peter Green House .
avoid the Minden Hall on the way to West House .
avoid the Class of 1887 Gate on the way to 164 Angel .
avoid the West House on the way to Simmons Quadrangle .
avoid the Thayer and Cushing on the way to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
avoid the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ on the way to Andrews Terrace .
avoid the Robinson Gate on the way to Andrews Terrace .
avoid the Peter Green House on the way to Lyman Hall .
go to Smith Buonanno Hall whilst avoiding the Medical Research Lab .
go to Biomedical Center whilst avoiding the Rockefeller Library .
go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall whilst avoiding the Salon Persia .
go to Walter Hall whilst avoiding the Metcalf Hall .
go to Idee di pietra whilst avoiding the 219 Bowen .
go to Andreas whilst avoiding the Caswell Hall .
go to Mencoff Hall whilst avoiding the Hillel House .
go to Metcalf Hall whilst avoiding the Robinson Hall .
go to Medical Research Lab whilst avoiding the Facing Thayer .
go to CVS whilst avoiding the John Hay Library .
go to Metcalf Research Building whilst avoiding the New Pembroke 1 .
go to Sears whilst avoiding the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to War Memorial whilst avoiding the Morriss Hall .
go to Wayland whilst avoiding the Blue State Coffee .
go to Urban Environmental Lab whilst avoiding the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to Miller Hall whilst avoiding the BERT .
go to Morriss Hall whilst avoiding the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to Sidney Frank Hall whilst avoiding the Rhode Island Hall .
go to Berk's;Shanghai whilst avoiding the Brown Center for Students of Color .
always avoid the Verney-Woolley Hall to navigate to Urban Environmental Lab .
always avoid the Brown University Bookstore to navigate to Marston Hall .
always avoid the Rockefeller Library to navigate to Peter Green House .
always avoid the Metcalf Hall to navigate to Caswell Hall .
always avoid the Granoff Center to navigate to Faunce House .
always avoid the Brown Bear to navigate to Supercuts .
always avoid the University Hall to navigate to Peter Green House .
always avoid the Faunce House to navigate to West House .
always avoid the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology to navigate to Morriss Hall .
always avoid the Prince Engineering Lab to navigate to Andreas .
always avoid the Emery & Wooley to navigate to Sharpe Refectory .
always avoid the Verney-Woolley Hall to navigate to Sears .
always avoid the Shirley Miller House to navigate to 219 Bowen .
always avoid the Hillel House to navigate to Marcus Aurelius .
always avoid the Hughes Court to navigate to CVS .
always avoid the Walter Hall to navigate to Morriss Hall .
always avoid the Sidney Frank Hall to navigate to Lippit House .
always avoid the Emery Hall to navigate to Brown Bear .
avoid the Thayer and Meeting and go to Lyman Hall .
avoid the Rhode Island Hall and go to Meeting Street Cafe .
avoid the Andrews Hall and go to Prince Engineering Lab .
avoid the 67 George and go to Spiritus Fermenti .
avoid the Sharpe House and go to P-131317 .
avoid the Sharpe House and go to Class of 1887 Gate .
avoid the Mencoff Hall and go to CVS .
avoid the Supercuts and go to Rockefeller Library .
avoid the Andrews Terrace and go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
avoid the Emery & Wooley and go to Lot 18 .
avoid the Verney-Woolley Hall and go to Lot 76 .
avoid the Sharpe House and go to P-131317 .
avoid the Metcalf Hall and go to Maxcy Green .
avoid the College Hill Bookstore and go to Class of 1872 Gate .
avoid the West House and go to Simmons Quadrangle .
avoid the Facing Thayer and go to Untitled Lamp/Bear .
avoid the Hegeman and go to New Pembroke 1 .
proceed to John Nicholas Brown Gate without going through the Thayer and Meeting .
proceed to West House without going through the Mencoff Hall .
proceed to Peter Green House without going through the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
proceed to Supercuts without going through the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
proceed to Pembroke Hall without going through the Brown Bear .
proceed to Metcalf Research Building without going through the Biomedical Center .
proceed to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity without going through the New Pembroke 2 .
proceed to Sears without going through the Salon Persia .
proceed to Watson Center for Information Technology without going through the Andrews Terrace .
proceed to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences without going through the Hillel House .
proceed to CVS without going through the Hughes Court .
proceed to Emery & Wooley without going through the Robinson Hall .
always avoid the Minden Hall while navigating to Smith Buonanno Hall .
always avoid the Wilbour Hall while navigating to 164 Angel .
always avoid the Thayer and Meeting while navigating to Circle Dance Sculpture .
always avoid the Sidney Frank Hall while navigating to Saint Stephens Church .
always avoid the New Pembroke 2 while navigating to John Carter Brown Library .
always avoid the Sidney Frank Hall while navigating to BERT .
always avoid the Maxcy Green while navigating to Brown University Bookstore .
always avoid the Slater Hall while navigating to New Pembroke 1 .
always avoid the Horace Mann House while navigating to Champlin Hall .
always avoid the Berk's;Shanghai while navigating to Starbucks .
always avoid the Salon Persia while navigating to Mencoff Hall .
always avoid the Brown Bear while navigating to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
always avoid the John Hay Library while navigating to Brown University Bookstore .
always avoid the Alumnae Hall while navigating to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
always avoid the Barus Building while navigating to 111 Brown Street North House .
go to College Hill Bookstore while avoiding the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to Peter Green House while avoiding the Robinson Gate .
go to P-131317 while avoiding the Pleasant Surprises .
go to Wayland while avoiding the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to New Pembroke 1 while avoiding the Manning .
go to Smith Buonanno Hall while avoiding the Class of 1887 Gate .
go to Pleasant Surprises while avoiding the Arnold Laboratory .
go to CVS while avoiding the Brown Bear .
go to Kassar House while avoiding the Hillel House .
go to Slavery Memorial while avoiding the Soban .
go to Van Wickle Gates while avoiding the Verney-Woolley Hall .
advance to 111 Brown Street North House but always avoid the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
advance to Casey Shearer Memorial but always avoid the CVS .
advance to Thayer and Cushing but always avoid the Hughes Court .
advance to John Hay Library but always avoid the Verney-Woolley Hall .
advance to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences but always avoid the Thayer and Cushing .
advance to West House but always avoid the Robinson Gate .
advance to Avon Cinema but always avoid the Horace Mann House .
advance to Rhode Island Hall but always avoid the Brown University Bookstore .
advance to Brown University Sciences Library but always avoid the Morriss Hall .
advance to War Memorial but always avoid the 111 Brown Street North House .
advance to Lincoln Field Building but always avoid the Berk's;Shanghai .
advance to List Art Building but always avoid the Alumnae Hall .
advance to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall but always avoid the 111 Brown Street North House .
advance to Peter Green House but always avoid the University Hall .
advance to Biomedical Center but always avoid the List Art Building .
advance to Miller Hall but always avoid the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
advance to Lot 18 but always avoid the Champlin Hall .
advance to Lincoln Field Building but always avoid the 164 Angel .
advance to Pembroke Park but always avoid the Watson Center for Information Technology .
advance to 164 Angel but always avoid the Casey Shearer Memorial .
avoid the Lippit House until you reach Morriss Hall .
avoid the Littlefield Hall until you reach Andrews Terrace .
avoid the Second Time Around until you reach Sears .
avoid the Brown University Bookstore until you reach Robinson Hall .
avoid the 111 Brown Street North House until you reach Sayles Hall .
avoid the Andrews Hall until you reach Caswell Hall .
avoid the Andreas until you reach Faunce House .
avoid the Berk's;Shanghai until you reach 86 Waterman  .
avoid the Alumnae Hall until you reach Friedman Hall .
avoid the Spiritus Fermenti until you reach Salomon Center for Teaching .
avoid the Andreas until you reach Mencoff Hall .
avoid the J. R. Workman Garden until you reach Maxcy Green .
avoid the Soldiers Memorial Gate until you reach J. R. Workman Garden .
avoid the Sayles Hall until you reach New Pembroke 4 .
avoid the 219 Bowen until you reach Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
avoid the Sidney Frank Hall until you reach Hughes Court .
avoid the Second Time Around until you reach Shirley Miller House .
go to Brown University and avoid the New Pembroke 1 .
go to Casey Shearer Memorial and avoid the Salon Persia .
go to New Pembroke 4 and avoid the Gardner House .
go to Emery Hall and avoid the Lot 18 .
go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall and avoid the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to Maddock Alumni  and avoid the Pleasant Surprises .
go to West House and avoid the Walter Hall .
go to Circle Dance Sculpture and avoid the J. R. Workman Garden .
go to List Art Building and avoid the Champlin Hall .
go to Meeting Street Cafe and avoid the Robinson Hall .
go to Spiritus Fermenti and avoid the Wilbour Hall .
go to Sharpe Refectory and avoid the Sharpe House .
go to Thayer and Meeting and avoid the The Ivy Room .
go to Verney-Woolley Hall and avoid the Sharpe Refectory .
go to Blue Room and avoid the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to Maxcy Green and avoid the Thayer and Meeting .
go to Supercuts and avoid the Lot 76 .
go to Untitled Lamp/Bear and avoid the Peter Green House .
go to Barus Building and avoid the Emery Hall .
go to William Goddard Memorial Gate and avoid the East Side Station Post Office .
always avoid the Sharpe House and go to Metcalf Research Building .
always avoid the CVS and go to 86 Waterman  .
always avoid the New Pembroke 4 and go to Lot 18 .
always avoid the Avon Cinema and go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
always avoid the Lot 76 and go to Meeting Street Cafe .
always avoid the William Goddard Memorial Gate and go to Meeting Street Cafe .
always avoid the Maxcy Hall and go to New Pembroke 3 .
always avoid the John Nicholas Brown Gate and go to Metcalf Hall .
always avoid the Brown University Sciences Library and go to Emery & Wooley .
always avoid the Spiritus Fermenti and go to Hughes Court .
always avoid the Sidney Frank Hall and go to Circle Dance Sculpture .
always avoid the New Pembroke 3 and go to Gardner House .
always avoid the The Ivy Room and go to Thayer and Cushing .
always avoid the Class of 1887 Gate and go to Andrews Hall .
always avoid the New Pembroke 4 and go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
always avoid the East Side Station Post Office and go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
while avoiding the War Memorial , navigate to Thayer and Meeting .
while avoiding the Maxcy Hall , navigate to New Pembroke 2 .
while avoiding the West House , navigate to Finlandia .
while avoiding the Berk's;Shanghai , navigate to Prospect House .
while avoiding the Lyman Hall , navigate to Meeting Street Cafe .
while avoiding the Peter Green House , navigate to Finlandia .
while avoiding the Salon Persia , navigate to Casey Shearer Memorial .
while avoiding the Kassar House , navigate to Champlin Hall .
while avoiding the Starbucks , navigate to Metcalf Hall .
while avoiding the Slater Hall , navigate to Smith Buonanno Hall .
while avoiding the Verney-Woolley Hall , navigate to Horace Mann House .
while avoiding the Caswell Hall , navigate to Miller Hall .
while avoiding the Blue State Coffee , navigate to Robinson Gate .
while avoiding the Sharpe House , navigate to Lincoln Field Building .
avoid the West House and go to Brown University Sciences Library .
avoid the Prince Engineering Lab and go to Smith Buonanno Hall .
avoid the Swearer Center for Public Service and go to Emery & Wooley .
avoid the Brown Bear and go to Andrews Terrace .
avoid the New Pembroke 1 and go to Sharpe Refectory .
avoid the Medical Research Lab and go to Smith Buonanno Hall .
avoid the Lincoln Field Building and go to Thayer and Meeting .
avoid the J. R. Workman Garden and go to BERT .
avoid the New Pembroke 4 and go to John Hay Library .
avoid the Swearer Center for Public Service and go to Metcalf Hall .
avoid the Thayer and Meeting and go to Prospect House .
avoid the Lyman Hall and go to College Hill Bookstore .
avoid the Blue State Coffee and go to College Green .
avoid the Andreas and go to Prince Engineering Lab .
go to Shirley Miller House while always avoiding the Salon Persia
go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority while always avoiding the New Pembroke 3
go to West House while always avoiding the Simmons Quadrangle
go to Alumnae Hall while always avoiding the Maxcy Hall
go to Andreas while always avoiding the Arnold Laboratory
go to Starbucks while always avoiding the Hillel House
go to Gardner House while always avoiding the Granoff Center
go to Sharpe Refectory while always avoiding the 219 Bowen
go to Watson Center for Information Technology while always avoiding the Peter Green House
go to Simmons Quadrangle while always avoiding the Avon Cinema
go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences while always avoiding the Andrews Terrace
go to Pleasant Surprises while always avoiding the Hughes Court
go to Andrews Hall while always avoiding the Hegeman
go to Wriston Quad while always avoiding the Meeting Street Cafe
go to West House while always avoiding the Hegeman
go to Verney-Woolley Hall while always avoiding the Quiet Green
go to Class of 1872 Gate while always avoiding the Second Time Around
go to Sharpe Refectory while always avoiding the Sidney Frank Hall
go to Robinson Hall always avoiding the Meeting Street Cafe .
go to Alumnae Hall always avoiding the Minden Hall .
go to Pleasant Surprises always avoiding the Horace Mann House .
go to Shirley Miller House always avoiding the Biomedical Center .
go to P-131317 always avoiding the Biomedical Center .
go to Class of 1872 Gate always avoiding the Miller Hall .
go to Granoff Center always avoiding the Simmons Quadrangle .
go to Emery & Wooley always avoiding the Wayland .
go to Emery Hall always avoiding the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to Sidney Frank Hall always avoiding the Finlandia .
go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ always avoiding the West House .
while always avoiding the Granoff Center , go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
while always avoiding the Lincoln Field Building , go to Supercuts .
while always avoiding the Casey Shearer Memorial , go to Emery & Wooley .
while always avoiding the Soldiers Memorial Gate , go to New Pembroke 1 .
while always avoiding the William Goddard Memorial Gate , go to Metcalf Hall .
while always avoiding the Sidney Frank Hall , go to College Green .
while always avoiding the Campus Market , go to Sharpe House .
while always avoiding the Citizen's Bank , go to Alumnae Hall .
while always avoiding the West House , go to Van Wickle Gates .
while always avoiding the Pembroke Hall , go to Metcalf Research Building .
while always avoiding the Marston Hall , go to Pembroke Hall .
while always avoiding the Blue State Coffee , go to Faunce House .
while always avoiding the Casey Shearer Memorial , go to Emery & Wooley .
while always avoiding the Gardner House , go to Metcalf Hall .
while always avoiding the Pembroke Hall , go to Norwood House .
while always avoiding the Salomon Center for Teaching , go to New Pembroke 1 .
while always avoiding the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building , go to John Carter Brown Library .
while always avoiding the Pleasant Surprises , go to Circle Dance Sculpture .
avoid the J. R. Workman Garden and go to Class of 1887 Gate .
avoid the Sharpe House and go to Rockefeller Library .
avoid the Campus Market and go to Soban .
avoid the Rhode Island Hall and go to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
avoid the Van Wickle Gates and go to West House .
avoid the Gardner House and go to Andrews Terrace .
avoid the Citizen's Bank and go to Brown University Bookstore .
avoid the Starbucks and go to College Hill Bookstore .
avoid the Lot 18 and go to Thayer and Meeting .
avoid the Hillel House and go to Minden Hall .
avoid the Gardner House and go to Andrews Terrace .
avoid the Idee di pietra and go to College Hill Bookstore .
go to College Hill Bookstore and always avoid the Van Wickle Gates
go to Brown University and always avoid the Metcalf Hall
go to Brown University Bookstore and always avoid the Marcus Aurelius
go to John Hay Library and always avoid the New Pembroke 4
go to 86 Waterman  and always avoid the Meeting Street Cafe
go to Hegeman and always avoid the West House
go to College Hill Bookstore and always avoid the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall
go to Sears and always avoid the Granoff Center
go to Blue State Coffee and always avoid the Lincoln Field Building
go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences and always avoid the New Pembroke 4
go to Avon Cinema and always avoid the Maddock Alumni 
go to Metcalf Hall and always avoid the Soldiers Memorial Gate
go to Thayer and Cushing and always avoid the Circle Dance Sculpture
go to East Side Station Post Office and always avoid the Barus Building
go to East Side Station Post Office and always avoid the Wriston Quad
go to Verney-Woolley Hall and always avoid the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop
go to Finlandia and always avoid the West House
go to Van Wickle Gates and always avoid the Metcalf Hall
go to Kassar House and always avoid the 219 Bowen
go to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building without entering the Hegeman .
go to Horace Mann House without entering the Facing Thayer .
go to Mencoff Hall without entering the 111 Brown Street North House .
go to Idee di pietra without entering the Pembroke Hall .
go to Manning without entering the Pembroke Park .
go to Horace Mann House without entering the Biomedical Center .
go to Miller Hall without entering the Sayles Hall .
go to Sharpe House without entering the Norwood House .
go to Supercuts without entering the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to Sayles Hall without entering the Sharpe House .
go to Meeting Street Cafe without entering the Urban Environmental Lab .
go to Andrews Terrace without entering the Blue Room .
go to Lot 76 without entering the Morriss Hall .
go to Brown Bear without entering the East Side Station Post Office .
go to Miller Hall without entering the Maddock Alumni  .
go to Pembroke Hall without entering the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to Idee di pietra without entering the Pembroke Hall .
go to Starbucks without entering the Hillel House .
go to Andrews Terrace without entering the Robinson Gate .
go to East Side Station Post Office without entering the John Hay Library .
go to Berk's;Shanghai without going in the John Nicholas Brown Gate
go to New Pembroke 2 without going in the Wayland
go to Littlefield Hall without going in the CVS
go to Champlin Hall without going in the Walter Hall
go to Soban without going in the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop
go to Friedman Hall without going in the College Hill Bookstore
go to Littlefield Hall without going in the New Pembroke 4
go to The Ivy Room without going in the Thayer and Cushing
go to Walter Hall without going in the Pembroke Hall
go to Finlandia without going in the New Pembroke 4
go to Meeting Street Cafe without going in the P-131317
go to J. R. Workman Garden without going in the Casey Shearer Memorial
go to List Art Building without going in the 111 Brown Street North House
go to Facing Thayer without going in the Lot 76
go to Salon Persia without going in the Prince Engineering Lab
go to Faunce House without going in the J. R. Workman Garden
go to J. R. Workman Garden without going in the Walter Hall
stay away from the Meeting Street Cafe and go to Lot 17 .
stay away from the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building and go to Marcus Aurelius .
stay away from the Pembroke Park and go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
stay away from the Circle Dance Sculpture and go to Soban .
stay away from the Second Time Around and go to Mencoff Hall .
stay away from the Lyman Hall and go to Avon Cinema .
stay away from the Meeting Street Cafe and go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
stay away from the Pembroke Hall and go to Starbucks .
stay away from the Andrews Hall and go to Finlandia .
stay away from the Second Time Around and go to Brown University .
avoid the Blue Room and go to CVS .
avoid the Maxcy Green and go to Sidney Frank Hall .
avoid the Alumnae Hall and go to Littlefield Hall .
avoid the Lot 76 and go to Pembroke Park .
avoid the Prospect House and go to Thayer and Cushing .
avoid the Sidney Frank Hall and go to Norwood House .
avoid the Soldiers Memorial Gate and go to Brown University Bookstore .
avoid the 111 Brown Street North House and go to Class of 1872 Gate .
avoid the Brown University Sciences Library and go to Alumnae Hall .
avoid the Alumnae Hall and go to Hegeman .
avoid the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building and go to 67 George .
avoid the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ and go to College Hill Bookstore .
avoid the Andrews Hall and go to Sayles Hall .
avoid the Berk's;Shanghai and go to Maddock Alumni  .
avoid the New Pembroke 1 and go to John Hay Library .
avoid the List Art Building and go to New Pembroke 4 .
avoid the Metcalf Research Building and go to Champlin Hall .
avoid the J. R. Workman Garden and go to Simmons Quadrangle .
avoid the John Carter Brown Library and go to Granoff Center .
go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity while always avoiding the Thayer and Cushing .
go to Pembroke Park while always avoiding the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to Marcus Aurelius while always avoiding the East Side Station Post Office .
go to Soban while always avoiding the Rhode Island Hall .
go to Slavery Memorial while always avoiding the 111 Brown Street North House .
go to New Pembroke 2 while always avoiding the Brown Bear .
go to Emery & Wooley while always avoiding the John Carter Brown Library .
go to Mencoff Hall while always avoiding the Miller Hall .
go to Maxcy Green while always avoiding the Thayer and Cushing .
go to Caswell Hall while always avoiding the Second Time Around .
go to New Pembroke 1 while always avoiding the Lincoln Field Building .
go to Hegeman while always avoiding the Pembroke Hall .
without stepping in the Pembroke Hall , go to Casey Shearer Memorial .
without stepping in the Miller Hall , go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
without stepping in the Rockefeller Library , go to Andreas .
without stepping in the Medical Research Lab , go to West House .
without stepping in the John Carter Brown Library , go to Hillel House .
without stepping in the Supercuts , go to Carrie Tower .
without stepping in the Urban Environmental Lab , go to Smith Buonanno Hall .
without stepping in the Saint Stephens Church , go to Brown University Bookstore .
without stepping in the Second Time Around , go to Prince Engineering Lab .
without stepping in the Sidney Frank Hall , go to Class of 1887 Gate .
without stepping in the Walter Hall , go to Granoff Center .
without stepping in the BERT , go to Verney-Woolley Hall .
without stepping in the Avon Cinema , go to University Hall .
without stepping in the Thayer and Meeting , go to Faunce House .
without stepping in the Hope College , go to Verney-Woolley Hall .
without stepping in the Minden Hall , go to Miller Hall .
avoid the Swearer Center for Public Service until you go to Salon Persia
avoid the Second Time Around until you go to John Hay Library
avoid the 67 George until you go to Meeting Street Cafe
avoid the Peter Green House until you go to Medical Research Lab
avoid the Sharpe House until you go to Medical Research Lab
avoid the 219 Bowen until you go to Idee di pietra
avoid the Horace Mann House until you go to College Hill Bookstore
avoid the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building until you go to John Hay Library
avoid the Miller Hall until you go to Quiet Green
avoid the The Ivy Room until you go to East Side Station Post Office
avoid the Sidney Frank Hall until you go to Robinson Gate
avoid the BERT until you go to Pleasant Surprises
avoid the John Hay Library until you go to Salon Persia
always avoid the Facing Thayer , go to Class of 1887 Gate .
always avoid the Watson Center for Information Technology , go to Metcalf Hall .
always avoid the Robinson Hall , go to Andreas .
always avoid the Friedman Hall , go to Thayer and Cushing .
always avoid the Andrews Terrace , go to The Ivy Room .
always avoid the CVS , go to Faunce House .
always avoid the New Pembroke 4 , go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
always avoid the Lot 17 , go to Brown University Bookstore .
always avoid the Class of 1887 Gate , go to Alumnae Hall .
always avoid the Salomon Center for Teaching , go to Avon Cinema .
always avoid the Spiritus Fermenti , go to Lot 17 .
always avoid the Wilbour Hall , go to Sidney Frank Hall .
always avoid the 164 Angel , go to Wayland .
always avoid the Prospect House , go to Second Time Around .
always avoid the Urban Environmental Lab , go to New Pembroke 2 .
always avoid the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building , go to Rockefeller Library .
always avoid the Morriss Hall , go to Faunce House .
always avoid the 219 Bowen , go to Saint Stephens Church .
always avoid the Peter Green House , go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
always avoid the Lot 18 , go to Pembroke Hall .
go to the Supercuts but avoid the John Hay Library .
go to the Citizen's Bank but avoid the Pembroke Hall .
go to the Maddock Alumni  but avoid the Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to the Pembroke Hall but avoid the Lippit House .
go to the New Pembroke 1 but avoid the Hope College .
go to the Supercuts but avoid the List Art Building .
go to the 219 Bowen but avoid the Kassar House .
go to the Brown University Sciences Library but avoid the New Pembroke 3 .
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color but avoid the Brown University Bookstore .
go to the Brown Bear but avoid the College Hill Bookstore .
go to the Manning but avoid the Miller Hall .
go to the Slavery Memorial but avoid the Alumnae Hall .
go to the Casey Shearer Memorial but avoid the Berk's;Shanghai .
go to the Horace Mann House but avoid the CVS .
navigate to the West House always avoiding the John Carter Brown Library .
navigate to the Supercuts always avoiding the Marcus Aurelius .
navigate to the Shirley Miller House always avoiding the Andrews Terrace .
navigate to the Champlin Hall always avoiding the Sayles Hall .
navigate to the New Pembroke 4 always avoiding the John Carter Brown Library .
navigate to the Avon Cinema always avoiding the Prince Engineering Lab .
navigate to the Prince Engineering Lab always avoiding the West House .
navigate to the Idee di pietra always avoiding the Brown University Bookstore .
navigate to the Barus Building always avoiding the Facing Thayer .
navigate to the Verney-Woolley Hall always avoiding the Class of 1872 Gate .
navigate to the Robinson Hall always avoiding the West House .
navigate to the John Hay Library always avoiding the Brown University Bookstore .
navigate to the Rockefeller Library always avoiding the Champlin Hall .
navigate to the Barus Building always avoiding the Facing Thayer .
navigate to the J. R. Workman Garden always avoiding the Wilbour Hall .
navigate to the Gardner House always avoiding the Verney-Woolley Hall .
avoid the Morriss Hall and go to the List Art Building .
avoid the Prince Engineering Lab and go to the Berk's;Shanghai .
avoid the Lippit House and go to the West House .
avoid the Brown University and go to the College Hill Bookstore .
avoid the Casey Shearer Memorial and go to the J. R. Workman Garden .
avoid the New Pembroke 2 and go to the Sayles Hall .
avoid the William Goddard Memorial Gate and go to the Salon Persia .
avoid the Kassar House and go to the West House .
avoid the Biomedical Center and go to the 86 Waterman  .
avoid the Manning and go to the Granoff Center .
avoid the War Memorial and go to the Granoff Center .
avoid the Mencoff Hall and go to the Supercuts .
avoid the Friedman Hall and go to the New Pembroke 2 .
avoid the Hope College and go to the Sidney Frank Hall .
avoid the 111 Brown Street North House and go to the War Memorial .
avoid the East Side Station Post Office and go to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to the New Pembroke 2 without going to the Shirley Miller House .
go to the Avon Cinema without going to the Walter Hall .
go to the Granoff Center without going to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to the Andrews Terrace without going to the Quiet Green .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall without going to the BERT .
go to the Andrews Terrace without going to the John Hay Library .
go to the List Art Building without going to the Metcalf Hall .
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop without going to the 111 Brown Street North House .
go to the Spiritus Fermenti without going to the Gardner House .
go to the Norwood House without going to the Avon Cinema .
go to the Hegeman without going to the New Pembroke 2 .
go to the Metcalf Hall without going to the War Memorial .
go to the Prospect House without going to the Supercuts .
go to the BERT without going to the Emery & Wooley .
go to the Carrie Tower without going to the Thayer and Cushing .
go to the Maxcy Green without going to the Champlin Hall .
go to the Sears without going to the Avon Cinema .
go to the Spiritus Fermenti without going to the Lippit House .
go to the Hope College without going to the 111 Brown Street North House .
go to the Slater Hall without going to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the J. R. Workman Garden and avoid the Maddock Alumni  .
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching and avoid the Facing Thayer .
go to the Lot 17 and avoid the Pembroke Park .
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology and avoid the Pembroke Hall .
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall and avoid the Granoff Center .
go to the Emery & Wooley and avoid the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to the Mencoff Hall and avoid the Andrews Terrace .
go to the Class of 1872 Gate and avoid the Pembroke Park .
go to the Andreas and avoid the 86 Waterman  .
go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology and avoid the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to the Finlandia and avoid the Avon Cinema .
go to the Thayer and Meeting and avoid the Friedman Hall .
go to the Spiritus Fermenti and avoid the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate while avoiding the Emery & Wooley
go to the Biomedical Center while avoiding the Caswell Hall
go to the Casey Shearer Memorial while avoiding the Andrews Hall
go to the Biomedical Center while avoiding the Maddock Alumni 
go to the War Memorial while avoiding the Pembroke Park
go to the Smith Buonanno Hall while avoiding the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences
go to the Maxcy Green while avoiding the College Hill Bookstore
go to the Alumnae Hall while avoiding the Maxcy Hall
go to the Norwood House while avoiding the Hillel House
go to the Shirley Miller House while avoiding the Second Time Around
go to the New Pembroke 3 while avoiding the J.W. Wilson
go to the Van Wickle Gates while avoiding the Champlin Hall
go to the Barus Building while avoiding the Sidney Frank Hall
go to the Blue State Coffee while avoiding the John Nicholas Brown Gate
avoid the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate and go to the Andrews Terrace .
avoid the Finlandia and go to the Granoff Center .
avoid the Sharpe House and go to the Marcus Aurelius .
avoid the John Carter Brown Library and go to the Second Time Around .
avoid the West House and go to the Sayles Hall .
avoid the Carrie Tower and go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
avoid the West House and go to the Kassar House .
avoid the New Pembroke 4 and go to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
avoid the Miller Hall and go to the Lippit House .
avoid the Emery Hall and go to the Lot 17 .
avoid the Supercuts and go to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
avoid the New Pembroke 3 and go to the Hope College .
avoid the New Pembroke 1 and go to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
avoid the Norwood House and go to the New Pembroke 2 .
avoid the Marcus Aurelius and go to the Thayer and Cushing .
avoid the Metcalf Research Building and go to the Second Time Around .
avoid the Class of 1872 Gate and go to the Andrews Hall .
avoid the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority and go to the Salon Persia .
avoid the Maxcy Hall and go to the 219 Bowen .
always avoid the Casey Shearer Memorial and navigate to the Facing Thayer .
always avoid the Alumnae Hall and navigate to the Urban Environmental Lab .
always avoid the College Green and navigate to the Thayer and Meeting .
always avoid the Metcalf Hall and navigate to the Brown University .
always avoid the Verney-Woolley Hall and navigate to the Wayland .
always avoid the West House and navigate to the Hegeman .
always avoid the Marcus Aurelius and navigate to the Thayer and Meeting .
always avoid the 86 Waterman  and navigate to the Biomedical Center .
always avoid the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority and navigate to the Supercuts .
always avoid the Thayer and Meeting and navigate to the Citizen's Bank .
always avoid the Sharpe House and navigate to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
always avoid the New Pembroke 4 and navigate to the John Hay Library .
always avoid the Blue Room and navigate to the Granoff Center .
always avoid the Pembroke Park and navigate to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
always avoid the Class of 1872 Gate and navigate to the East Side Station Post Office .
always avoid the CVS and navigate to the John Hay Library .
go to the Mencoff Hall whilst avoiding the Andrews Hall .
go to the Brown Bear whilst avoiding the CVS .
go to the Carrie Tower whilst avoiding the 164 Angel .
go to the University Hall whilst avoiding the Andrews Terrace .
go to the John Hay Library whilst avoiding the Blue State Coffee .
go to the Supercuts whilst avoiding the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to the Prospect House whilst avoiding the New Pembroke 2 .
go to the Morriss Hall whilst avoiding the Norwood House .
go to the Sharpe Refectory whilst avoiding the Emery Hall .
go to the Andreas whilst avoiding the Hope College .
go to the Sharpe House whilst avoiding the Maxcy Hall .
go to the Lippit House whilst avoiding the East Side Station Post Office .
go to the Biomedical Center whilst avoiding the Salomon Center for Teaching .
move to the Sharpe House without entering the Sharpe Refectory .
move to the Andrews Terrace without entering the Carrie Tower .
move to the West House without entering the Prospect House .
move to the Spiritus Fermenti without entering the Hope College .
move to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building without entering the Van Wickle Gates .
move to the Rhode Island Hall without entering the Verney-Woolley Hall .
move to the Hillel House without entering the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
move to the Lyman Hall without entering the New Pembroke 1 .
move to the Lot 76 without entering the Spiritus Fermenti .
move to the Alumnae Hall without entering the Robinson Hall .
move to the Pembroke Hall without entering the Brown Center for Students of Color .
move to the Littlefield Hall without entering the Hillel House .
move to the Lippit House without entering the Sidney Frank Hall .
move to the Lot 18 without entering the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
move to the Marcus Aurelius without entering the Facing Thayer .
move to the Littlefield Hall without entering the Salon Persia .
move to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building without entering the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
move to the Idee di pietra without entering the Soban .
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop always avoiding the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the Peter Green House always avoiding the Rhode Island Hall .
go to the Littlefield Hall always avoiding the Meeting Street Cafe .
go to the College Hill Bookstore always avoiding the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Thayer and Cushing always avoiding the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Lincoln Field Building always avoiding the New Pembroke 1 .
go to the Casey Shearer Memorial always avoiding the CVS .
go to the Casey Shearer Memorial always avoiding the New Pembroke 1 .
go to the Lot 18 always avoiding the Supercuts .
go to the Medical Research Lab always avoiding the 219 Bowen .
go to the Swearer Center for Public Service always avoiding the Supercuts .
go to the Emery Hall always avoiding the Rockefeller Library .
go to the 86 Waterman  always avoiding the Pembroke Hall .
go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate always avoiding the Avon Cinema .
go to the Lyman Hall always avoiding the Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to the John Hay Library always avoiding the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the New Pembroke 1 always avoiding the Citizen's Bank .
go to the Lincoln Field Building always avoiding the Granoff Center .
go to the 219 Bowen always avoiding the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to the Walter Hall always avoiding the Andrews Terrace .
go to the 219 Bowen but never go to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to the 67 George but never go to the Soban .
go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear but never go to the Thayer and Meeting .
go to the Prince Engineering Lab but never go to the Miller Hall .
go to the Hegeman but never go to the West House .
go to the Swearer Center for Public Service but never go to the Thayer and Meeting .
go to the Quiet Green but never go to the Meeting Street Cafe .
go to the Meeting Street Cafe but never go to the John Carter Brown Library .
go to the Soban but never go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to the Hegeman but never go to the New Pembroke 1 .
avoid the Thayer and Meeting and go to the Brown Bear .
avoid the New Pembroke 2 and go to the J.W. Wilson .
avoid the Second Time Around and go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
avoid the Slater Hall and go to the Champlin Hall .
avoid the Morriss Hall and go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
avoid the Van Wickle Gates and go to the Thayer and Cushing .
avoid the Champlin Hall and go to the Brown University .
avoid the Soldiers Memorial Gate and go to the Champlin Hall .
avoid the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building and go to the University Hall .
avoid the Casey Shearer Memorial and go to the Pembroke Hall .
avoid the Second Time Around and go to the Maddock Alumni  .
avoid the Biomedical Center and go to the Blue Room .
avoid the Blue State Coffee and go to the Robinson Gate .
avoid the Andreas and go to the Lincoln Field Building .
avoid the 164 Angel and go to the Finlandia .
avoid the Faunce House and go to the Thayer and Meeting .
avoid the Robinson Hall and go to the Biomedical Center .
avoid the Idee di pietra and go to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
avoid the Marston Hall and go to the Alumnae Hall .
avoid the Walter Hall and go to the New Pembroke 3 .
avoid the Thayer and Meeting and go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
avoid the New Pembroke 3 and go to the Medical Research Lab .
avoid the Maddock Alumni  and go to the Sidney Frank Hall .
avoid the Lincoln Field Building and go to the Hillel House .
avoid the New Pembroke 3 and go to the Littlefield Hall .
avoid the Andrews Hall and go to the Horace Mann House .
avoid the Verney-Woolley Hall and go to the Campus Market .
avoid the Granoff Center and go to the Arnold Laboratory .
avoid the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate and go to the Hillel House .
avoid the Van Wickle Gates and go to the J. R. Workman Garden .
always avoid the Hillel House while navigating to the Quiet Green .
always avoid the Lot 76 while navigating to the J. R. Workman Garden .
always avoid the Maxcy Green while navigating to the Brown University Bookstore .
always avoid the Hughes Court while navigating to the Avon Cinema .
always avoid the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate while navigating to the Blue State Coffee .
always avoid the CVS while navigating to the Walter Hall .
always avoid the Van Wickle Gates while navigating to the New Pembroke 2 .
always avoid the West House while navigating to the Faunce House .
always avoid the Andreas while navigating to the Marston Hall .
always avoid the Emery & Wooley while navigating to the Urban Environmental Lab .
always avoid the Avon Cinema while navigating to the Arnold Laboratory .
always avoid the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall while navigating to the 164 Angel .
always avoid the Sidney Frank Hall while navigating to the Mencoff Hall .
always avoid the Casey Shearer Memorial while navigating to the Alumnae Hall .
always avoid the New Pembroke 3 while navigating to the List Art Building .
always avoid the J.W. Wilson while navigating to the New Pembroke 2 .
always avoid the Hegeman while navigating to the Emery & Wooley .
always avoid the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ while navigating to the Brown University Bookstore .
always avoid the Salon Persia while navigating to the Hope College .
always avoid the Citizen's Bank while navigating to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the 219 Bowen while avoiding the Lippit House
go to the John Hay Library while avoiding the 111 Brown Street North House
go to the Peter Green House while avoiding the Idee di pietra
go to the Granoff Center while avoiding the Untitled Lamp/Bear
go to the New Pembroke 2 while avoiding the Lippit House
go to the 164 Angel while avoiding the John Nicholas Brown Gate
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop while avoiding the Thayer and Cushing
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ while avoiding the Biomedical Center
go to the Starbucks while avoiding the New Pembroke 2
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority while avoiding the Meeting Street Cafe
go to the New Pembroke 4 while avoiding the Brown University
go to the Wriston Quad while avoiding the Andrews Hall
go to the Metcalf Hall while avoiding the Hope College
go to the Prince Engineering Lab while avoiding the Miller Hall
go to the Metcalf Research Building while avoiding the Sidney Frank Hall
go to the 86 Waterman  while always avoiding the Pembroke Park .
go to the Peter Green House while always avoiding the Maxcy Green .
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate while always avoiding the Soban .
go to the Lyman Hall while always avoiding the Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to the Prince Engineering Lab while always avoiding the Andreas .
go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate while always avoiding the Berk's;Shanghai .
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching while always avoiding the Berk's;Shanghai .
go to the Van Wickle Gates while always avoiding the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to the Manning while always avoiding the Pleasant Surprises .
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop while always avoiding the CVS .
go to the John Hay Library while always avoiding the CVS .
go to the Andreas while always avoiding the University Hall .
go to the Walter Hall while always avoiding the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to the Sayles Hall while always avoiding the West House .
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall while always avoiding the John Hay Library .
go to the John Hay Library while always avoiding the Berk's;Shanghai .
go to the Thayer and Meeting while always avoiding the Hegeman .
go to the New Pembroke 4 while always avoiding the College Green .
go to the Arnold Laboratory while avoiding the J. R. Workman Garden .
go to the Blue State Coffee while avoiding the Arnold Laboratory .
go to the Morriss Hall while avoiding the Simmons Quadrangle .
go to the Wriston Quad while avoiding the Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to the Alumnae Hall while avoiding the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to the Sharpe House while avoiding the Wilbour Hall .
go to the Hope College while avoiding the New Pembroke 2 .
go to the Meeting Street Cafe while avoiding the Robinson Hall .
go to the Class of 1872 Gate while avoiding the Morriss Hall .
go to the CVS while avoiding the Carrie Tower .
avoid the 86 Waterman  and go to the Emery Hall .
avoid the Sayles Hall and go to the Pembroke Park .
avoid the The Ivy Room and go to the Granoff Center .
avoid the New Pembroke 4 and go to the Blue Room .
avoid the New Pembroke 1 and go to the Simmons Quadrangle .
avoid the Swearer Center for Public Service and go to the 164 Angel .
avoid the Salon Persia and go to the Walter Hall .
avoid the BERT and go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
avoid the Hope College and go to the New Pembroke 3 .
avoid the William Goddard Memorial Gate and go to the 219 Bowen .
avoid the New Pembroke 3 and go to the Wilbour Hall .
go to the Granoff Center while always avoiding the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ
go to the Manning while always avoiding the Miller Hall
go to the Campus Market while always avoiding the West House
go to the P-131317 while always avoiding the Andrews Hall
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color while always avoiding the Avon Cinema
go to the Medical Research Lab while always avoiding the Spiritus Fermenti
go to the Second Time Around while always avoiding the Wilbour Hall
go to the Supercuts while always avoiding the John Hay Library
go to the New Pembroke 2 while always avoiding the Saint Stephens Church
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall while always avoiding the New Pembroke 2
go to the 164 Angel while always avoiding the Prospect House
go to the Meeting Street Cafe while always avoiding the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate
go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology while always avoiding the Salon Persia
go to the Pleasant Surprises while always avoiding the Van Wickle Gates
always avoid the Soldiers Memorial Gate , go to the Champlin Hall .
always avoid the 219 Bowen , go to the Idee di pietra .
always avoid the Hughes Court , go to the Thayer and Cushing .
always avoid the Pleasant Surprises , go to the Lyman Hall .
always avoid the Emery Hall , go to the Maddock Alumni  .
always avoid the John Hay Library , go to the New Pembroke 4 .
always avoid the Metcalf Hall , go to the Brown University .
always avoid the Berk's;Shanghai , go to the 86 Waterman  .
always avoid the Emery & Wooley , go to the Rhode Island Hall .
always avoid the Metcalf Hall , go to the Maxcy Green .
always avoid the Verney-Woolley Hall , go to the Rockefeller Library .
always avoid the Shirley Miller House , go to the Supercuts .
always avoid the West House , go to the Hegeman .
always avoid the New Pembroke 3 , go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
always avoid the Hughes Court , go to the Avon Cinema .
always avoid the Starbucks , go to the Thayer and Meeting .
always avoid the Shirley Miller House , go to the Salon Persia .
always avoid the West House , go to the 67 George .
go to the Van Wickle Gates but avoid the Thayer and Cushing .
go to the New Pembroke 3 but avoid the Metcalf Research Building .
go to the Champlin Hall but avoid the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to the Maxcy Hall but avoid the Salon Persia .
go to the Morriss Hall but avoid the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to the Pembroke Park but avoid the Caswell Hall .
go to the Robinson Hall but avoid the J. R. Workman Garden .
go to the Brown Bear but avoid the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the Brown University Sciences Library but avoid the New Pembroke 1 .
go to the Van Wickle Gates but avoid the College Hill Bookstore .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall but avoid the Sears .
go to the Van Wickle Gates but avoid the Andrews Hall .
approach the Class of 1887 Gate while avoiding the Andrews Hall .
approach the Metcalf Hall while avoiding the Marcus Aurelius .
approach the New Pembroke 2 while avoiding the Casey Shearer Memorial .
approach the Emery Hall while avoiding the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
approach the Champlin Hall while avoiding the Salomon Center for Teaching .
approach the Spiritus Fermenti while avoiding the Wilbour Hall .
approach the The Ivy Room while avoiding the Andrews Hall .
approach the Smith Buonanno Hall while avoiding the John Hay Library .
approach the Saint Stephens Church while avoiding the New Pembroke 3 .
approach the John Carter Brown Library while avoiding the Hillel House .
approach the Starbucks while avoiding the Peter Green House .
approach the Pembroke Park while avoiding the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
approach the BERT while avoiding the Avon Cinema .
approach the Salon Persia while avoiding the Robinson Gate .
approach the Van Wickle Gates while avoiding the Pleasant Surprises .
approach the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate while avoiding the Thayer and Cushing .
approach the 164 Angel while avoiding the Citizen's Bank .
approach the Van Wickle Gates while avoiding the CVS .
go to the Van Wickle Gates without going to the Soban .
go to the Smith Buonanno Hall without going to the 67 George .
go to the Spiritus Fermenti without going to the Norwood House .
go to the Class of 1887 Gate without going to the Peter Green House .
go to the J. R. Workman Garden without going to the J.W. Wilson .
go to the Facing Thayer without going to the Rockefeller Library .
go to the Metcalf Hall without going to the Lincoln Field Building .
go to the Campus Market without going to the Facing Thayer .
go to the Granoff Center without going to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to the Friedman Hall without going to the Peter Green House .
go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate without going to the Facing Thayer .
go to the Andrews Hall without going to the Medical Research Lab .
go to the Sharpe House without going to the Lincoln Field Building .
go to the Smith Buonanno Hall without going to the Quiet Green .
go to the Arnold Laboratory without going to the Facing Thayer .
go to the Soban without going to the Lyman Hall .
go to the East Side Station Post Office without going to the Minden Hall .
go to the Granoff Center without going to the Slavery Memorial .
go to Maxcy Green without going into the Salon Persia
go to Wayland without going into the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building
go to Granoff Center without going into the Friedman Hall
go to J.W. Wilson without going into the West House
go to Meeting Street Cafe without going into the College Green
go to John Hay Library without going into the 111 Brown Street North House
go to J. R. Workman Garden without going into the Slater Hall
go to Smith Buonanno Hall without going into the John Hay Library
go to CVS without going into the Rockefeller Library
go to Spiritus Fermenti without going into the Watson Center for Information Technology
go to 86 Waterman  without going into the Sidney Frank Hall
go to Carrie Tower without going into the West House
go to Hope College without going into the Sidney Frank Hall
go to Horace Mann House without going into the Emery Hall
go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority without going into the College Hill Bookstore
go to Facing Thayer without going into the BERT
go to Swearer Center for Public Service without going into the Soban
go to Pleasant Surprises without going into the Van Wickle Gates
go to Lippit House without going into the Pembroke Hall
go to Lippit House without going into the Biomedical Center
avoid Shirley Miller House and go to the Peter Green House .
avoid Metcalf Hall and go to the Brown University Sciences Library .
avoid Starbucks and go to the Facing Thayer .
avoid Pembroke Hall and go to the Norwood House .
avoid Andreas and go to the Maxcy Green .
avoid Soban and go to the Caswell Hall .
avoid Citizen's Bank and go to the Emery & Wooley .
avoid Swearer Center for Public Service and go to the 219 Bowen .
avoid Arnold Laboratory and go to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
avoid Sharpe House and go to the Sharpe Refectory .
avoid Peter Green House and go to the Saint Stephens Church .
avoid Miller Hall and go to the Metcalf Research Building .
avoid Supercuts and go to the J.W. Wilson .
avoid Andreas and go to the War Memorial .
avoid Sharpe Refectory and go to the Metcalf Hall .
avoid Berk's;Shanghai and go to the Campus Market .
avoid Hegeman and go to the Sidney Frank Hall .
always avoid University Hall and navigate to the Berk's;Shanghai .
always avoid John Nicholas Brown Gate and navigate to the Sharpe House .
always avoid J.W. Wilson and navigate to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
always avoid Champlin Hall and navigate to the Starbucks .
always avoid Prospect House and navigate to the J. R. Workman Garden .
always avoid Pembroke Park and navigate to the Brown Bear .
always avoid GeoChem and Macmillian Hall and navigate to the Hillel House .
always avoid Slater Hall and navigate to the East Side Station Post Office .
always avoid Hope College and navigate to the Avon Cinema .
always avoid Maddock Alumni  and navigate to the Emery Hall .
always avoid Rhode Island Hall and navigate to the Thayer and Cushing .
always avoid Finlandia and navigate to the New Pembroke 2 .
always avoid Andrews Terrace and navigate to the Idee di pietra .
always avoid Avon Cinema and navigate to the Prince Engineering Lab .
always avoid Class of 1872 Gate and navigate to the 164 Angel .
always avoid Pembroke Park and navigate to the Brown Bear .
always avoid Arnold Laboratory and navigate to the New Pembroke 4 .
always avoid Untitled Lamp/Bear and navigate to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
always avoid New Pembroke 1 and navigate to the Marcus Aurelius .
navigate to the Miller Hall avoiding List Art Building .
navigate to the West House avoiding John Hay Library .
navigate to the Barus Building avoiding Andrews Terrace .
navigate to the William Goddard Memorial Gate avoiding J. R. Workman Garden .
navigate to the Sidney Frank Hall avoiding Shirley Miller House .
navigate to the Pleasant Surprises avoiding Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
navigate to the Hughes Court avoiding Thayer and Cushing .
navigate to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences avoiding Biomedical Center .
navigate to the Norwood House avoiding Second Time Around .
navigate to the Blue State Coffee avoiding Walter Hall .
navigate to the Carrie Tower avoiding Blue State Coffee .
navigate to the Second Time Around avoiding Hughes Court .
navigate to the Avon Cinema avoiding Prospect House .
navigate to the Norwood House avoiding Verney-Woolley Hall .
navigate to the College Hill Bookstore avoiding Minden Hall .
navigate to the Van Wickle Gates avoiding Emery Hall .
navigate to the Horace Mann House avoiding Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
navigate to the J. R. Workman Garden avoiding War Memorial .
navigate to the Carrie Tower avoiding Second Time Around .
head to the Brown Bear avoiding Emery & Wooley .
head to the Wriston Quad avoiding 111 Brown Street North House .
head to the Miller Hall avoiding Soldiers Memorial Gate .
head to the Champlin Hall avoiding Idee di pietra .
head to the Marcus Aurelius avoiding 164 Angel .
head to the Brown University Bookstore avoiding Van Wickle Gates .
head to the List Art Building avoiding Pembroke Park .
head to the Emery & Wooley avoiding Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
head to the Starbucks avoiding College Hill Bookstore .
head to the Supercuts avoiding Slavery Memorial .
head to the Lippit House avoiding Andrews Terrace .
head to the Miller Hall avoiding Citizen's Bank .
head to the Maxcy Green avoiding Andrews Terrace .
head to the Brown University Sciences Library avoiding Andreas .
head to the New Pembroke 3 avoiding Slavery Memorial .
head to the Salomon Center for Teaching avoiding Second Time Around .
head to the Pembroke Park avoiding Brown University .
head to the Gardner House avoiding Miller Hall .
head to the John Hay Library avoiding New Pembroke 4 .
head to the Lyman Hall avoiding 111 Brown Street North House .
avoid Van Wickle Gates and go to the Meeting Street Cafe .
avoid Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building and go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
avoid Sidney Frank Hall and go to the Urban Environmental Lab .
avoid Sidney Frank Hall and go to the War Memorial .
avoid Lyman Hall and go to the Pleasant Surprises .
avoid Metcalf Research Building and go to the West House .
avoid Maxcy Hall and go to the Champlin Hall .
avoid Sharpe Refectory and go to the Andreas .
avoid Minden Hall and go to the College Hill Bookstore .
avoid Brown University Bookstore and go to the Norwood House .
avoid Kassar House and go to the Emery Hall .
avoid Andrews Terrace and go to the Robinson Hall .
avoid Hughes Court and go to the Second Time Around .
avoid Emery Hall and go to the Arnold Laboratory .
avoid 67 George and go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
avoid Barus Building and go to the Blue State Coffee .
avoid Shirley Miller House and go to the New Pembroke 1 .
avoid College Hill Bookstore and go to the Marcus Aurelius .
avoid Prospect House and go to the Sharpe House .
go to the Marston Hall but avoid Pleasant Surprises .
go to the Wayland but avoid Spiritus Fermenti .
go to the Blue Room but avoid Andrews Hall .
go to the Pembroke Hall but avoid Sharpe Refectory .
go to the Sears but avoid Soban .
go to the Shirley Miller House but avoid Biomedical Center .
go to the Caswell Hall but avoid Salon Persia .
go to the New Pembroke 1 but avoid Brown Bear .
go to the College Hill Bookstore but avoid Brown Bear .
go to the Simmons Quadrangle but avoid Andrews Hall .
go to the Manning but avoid New Pembroke 1 .
go to the List Art Building but avoid West House .
go to the Avon Cinema but avoid Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to the Blue State Coffee but avoid Saint Stephens Church .
go to the Mencoff Hall but avoid Emery & Wooley .
go to the Brown University but avoid Second Time Around .
go to the Wriston Quad but avoid Andreas .
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color but avoid Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the West House but avoid Gardner House .
always avoid New Pembroke 4 and go to the John Carter Brown Library .
always avoid 111 Brown Street North House and go to the Urban Environmental Lab .
always avoid Van Wickle Gates and go to the Avon Cinema .
always avoid Sidney Frank Hall and go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
always avoid 111 Brown Street North House and go to the 86 Waterman  .
always avoid J. R. Workman Garden and go to the Norwood House .
always avoid West House and go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
always avoid BERT and go to the East Side Station Post Office .
always avoid New Pembroke 1 and go to the Lot 18 .
always avoid 111 Brown Street North House and go to the Metcalf Research Building .
always avoid Granoff Center and go to the Lippit House .
go to the Emery & Wooley avoiding Walter Hall .
go to the Manning avoiding Pembroke Hall .
go to the Horace Mann House avoiding Thayer and Meeting .
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority avoiding Pleasant Surprises .
go to the Avon Cinema avoiding The Ivy Room .
go to the Arnold Laboratory avoiding Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the Miller Hall avoiding Robinson Hall .
go to the Brown University Bookstore avoiding Lincoln Field Building .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall avoiding Lot 18 .
go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate avoiding Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the Maxcy Green avoiding New Pembroke 1 .
go to the 67 George avoiding West House .
navigate to the Lincoln Field Building , avoiding Sharpe House .
navigate to the Champlin Hall , avoiding Arnold Laboratory .
navigate to the Slater Hall , avoiding New Pembroke 2 .
navigate to the Hegeman , avoiding Biomedical Center .
navigate to the Wayland , avoiding Brown University Bookstore .
navigate to the Prince Engineering Lab , avoiding Avon Cinema .
navigate to the Caswell Hall , avoiding Avon Cinema .
navigate to the Soban , avoiding Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
navigate to the Hegeman , avoiding New Pembroke 1 .
navigate to the Blue State Coffee , avoiding Caswell Hall .
navigate to the Pembroke Park , avoiding GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
navigate to the Salon Persia , avoiding John Hay Library .
navigate to the Blue Room , avoiding Andreas .
navigate to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate , avoiding Thayer and Cushing .
navigate to the Verney-Woolley Hall , avoiding Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
navigate to the Caswell Hall , avoiding 164 Angel .
navigate to the Lot 76 , avoiding Alumnae Hall .
navigate to the Pembroke Hall , avoiding Untitled Lamp/Bear .
navigate to the Faunce House , avoiding Soban .
navigate to the Avon Cinema and avoid Campus Market .
navigate to the Andreas and avoid Marston Hall .
navigate to the Class of 1887 Gate and avoid Pleasant Surprises .
navigate to the Shirley Miller House and avoid 164 Angel .
navigate to the Facing Thayer and avoid Watson Center for Information Technology .
navigate to the Simmons Quadrangle and avoid New Pembroke 2 .
navigate to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall and avoid West House .
navigate to the Soldiers Memorial Gate and avoid Alumnae Hall .
navigate to the Thayer and Meeting and avoid Blue Room .
navigate to the Brown Bear and avoid Andreas .
navigate to the CVS and avoid Urban Environmental Lab .
navigate to the West House and avoid Horace Mann House .
navigate to the University Hall and avoid East Side Station Post Office .
navigate to the Brown University and avoid Brown University Bookstore .
navigate to the Minden Hall and avoid Andrews Terrace .
navigate to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity and avoid Meeting Street Cafe .
navigate to the Morriss Hall and avoid Van Wickle Gates .
navigate to the Friedman Hall and avoid Verney-Woolley Hall .
navigate to the 67 George and avoid Biomedical Center .
navigate to the Van Wickle Gates and avoid Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop while avoiding Facing Thayer
go to the Emery Hall while avoiding Watson Center for Information Technology
go to the Avon Cinema while avoiding Metcalf Research Building
go to the Metcalf Research Building while avoiding Thayer and Cushing
go to the Peter Green House while avoiding Van Wickle Gates
go to the Class of 1872 Gate while avoiding Emery Hall
go to the Starbucks while avoiding Hillel House
go to the Spiritus Fermenti while avoiding Brown University Sciences Library
go to the Brown University Sciences Library while avoiding New Pembroke 1
go to the Granoff Center while avoiding Walter Hall
go to the College Green while avoiding Smith Buonanno Hall
go to the Brown University while avoiding Alumnae Hall
go to the New Pembroke 3 while avoiding Alpha Chi Omega Sorority
go to the Morriss Hall while avoiding Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity
go to the P-131317 while avoiding Thayer and Meeting
go to the Facing Thayer while avoiding Lot 18
go to the Minden Hall while avoiding Andrews Hall
go to the East Side Station Post Office while avoiding GeoChem and Macmillian Hall
navigate to the Slater Hall but do n't ever go to Miller Hall .
navigate to the Robinson Gate but do n't ever go to Peter Green House .
navigate to the Swearer Center for Public Service but do n't ever go to College Hill Bookstore .
navigate to the Brown University but do n't ever go to Thayer and Meeting .
navigate to the Lot 18 but do n't ever go to CVS .
navigate to the Sharpe House but do n't ever go to Circle Dance Sculpture .
navigate to the Medical Research Lab but do n't ever go to 164 Angel .
navigate to the Spiritus Fermenti but do n't ever go to Slater Hall .
navigate to the Watson Center for Information Technology but do n't ever go to New Pembroke 1 .
navigate to the Spiritus Fermenti but do n't ever go to Lippit House .
navigate to the Littlefield Hall but do n't ever go to Pembroke Hall .
navigate to the Pembroke Park but do n't ever go to Idee di pietra .
navigate to the Sidney Frank Hall but do n't ever go to P-131317 .
navigate to the Medical Research Lab but do n't ever go to College Hill Bookstore .
navigate to the Rhode Island Hall but do n't ever go to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
navigate to the Sharpe Refectory but do n't ever go to Spiritus Fermenti .
avoid Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building and go to the Wilbour Hall .
avoid Facing Thayer and go to the Medical Research Lab .
avoid Thayer and Meeting and go to the The Ivy Room .
avoid Wayland and go to the Emery & Wooley .
avoid Second Time Around and go to the Manning .
avoid John Hay Library and go to the Blue State Coffee .
avoid John Nicholas Brown Gate and go to the West House .
avoid 111 Brown Street North House and go to the Hughes Court .
avoid Barus Building and go to the East Side Station Post Office .
avoid Morriss Hall and go to the Brown Bear .
avoid Medical Research Lab and go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
always avoid The Ivy Room and go to the Metcalf Hall .
always avoid Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop and go to the West House .
always avoid Watson Center for Information Technology and go to the Granoff Center .
always avoid Sidney Frank Hall and go to the Van Wickle Gates .
always avoid 164 Angel and go to the BERT .
always avoid New Pembroke 1 and go to the Marston Hall .
always avoid College Hill Bookstore and go to the List Art Building .
always avoid Minden Hall and go to the College Hill Bookstore .
always avoid Lot 76 and go to the Pleasant Surprises .
always avoid The Ivy Room and go to the Champlin Hall .
always avoid Caswell Hall and go to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
always avoid New Pembroke 3 and go to the Caswell Hall .
always avoid Soban and go to the Finlandia .
always avoid Supercuts and go to the Sears .
always avoid William Goddard Memorial Gate and go to the Metcalf Hall .
always avoid Sidney Frank Hall and go to the Wayland .
always avoid Alumnae Hall and go to the Kassar House .
go to the Soban but do not go to Horace Mann House .
go to the Salon Persia but do not go to Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to the John Hay Library but do not go to Thayer and Meeting .
go to the Meeting Street Cafe but do not go to Simmons Quadrangle .
go to the Berk's;Shanghai but do not go to College Green .
go to the Casey Shearer Memorial but do not go to Peter Green House .
go to the Blue Room but do not go to Spiritus Fermenti .
go to the Wilbour Hall but do not go to Pembroke Park .
go to the Granoff Center but do not go to Citizen's Bank .
go to the Lippit House but do not go to Miller Hall .
go to the Smith Buonanno Hall avoiding Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to the John Carter Brown Library avoiding Second Time Around .
go to the Soban avoiding Brown University Sciences Library .
go to the Salon Persia avoiding Urban Environmental Lab .
go to the New Pembroke 4 avoiding Brown Bear .
go to the J.W. Wilson avoiding New Pembroke 3 .
go to the Sears avoiding Morriss Hall .
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall avoiding The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to the Sharpe House avoiding War Memorial .
go to the Salon Persia avoiding Lyman Hall .
go to the Hope College avoiding Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the Pleasant Surprises avoiding Brown University Sciences Library .
go to the New Pembroke 2 avoiding Faunce House .
go to the Sharpe House avoiding Marcus Aurelius .
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall avoiding Caswell Hall .
go to the Salon Persia avoiding Rockefeller Library .
go to the Brown University avoiding New Pembroke 3 .
go to the 219 Bowen avoiding Brown Center for Students of Color .
navigate to the Walter Hall while avoiding Andrews Hall .
navigate to the Metcalf Hall while avoiding Walter Hall .
navigate to the Morriss Hall while avoiding Robinson Gate .
navigate to the New Pembroke 1 while avoiding P-131317 .
navigate to the Maxcy Green while avoiding Second Time Around .
navigate to the Barus Building while avoiding Salon Persia .
navigate to the Brown Bear while avoiding New Pembroke 3 .
navigate to the John Hay Library while avoiding Supercuts .
navigate to the Brown University Bookstore while avoiding John Nicholas Brown Gate .
navigate to the Sidney Frank Hall while avoiding Slavery Memorial .
navigate to the Facing Thayer while avoiding Hegeman .
navigate to the Pembroke Park while avoiding Littlefield Hall .
navigate to the Idee di pietra while avoiding Emery & Wooley .
navigate to the Watson Center for Information Technology while avoiding Emery Hall .
navigate to the J.W. Wilson while avoiding Soban .
navigate to the New Pembroke 4 while avoiding Simmons Quadrangle .
avoid Lot 76 and go to the Meeting Street Cafe .
avoid Lippit House and go to the Brown University Bookstore .
avoid Van Wickle Gates and go to the Biomedical Center .
avoid Meeting Street Cafe and go to the Shirley Miller House .
avoid Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building and go to the Prince Engineering Lab .
avoid Campus Market and go to the 111 Brown Street North House .
avoid Andrews Hall and go to the Sayles Hall .
avoid Circle Dance Sculpture and go to the Metcalf Hall .
avoid Brown Bear and go to the College Hill Bookstore .
avoid Wilbour Hall and go to the Pleasant Surprises .
avoid West House and go to the Prince Engineering Lab .
avoid New Pembroke 2 and go to the Medical Research Lab .
avoid Pembroke Hall and go to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
avoid Blue State Coffee and go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
avoid Andrews Terrace and go to the Hope College .
avoid Van Wickle Gates and go to the Brown University Bookstore .
go to the Pembroke Park while avoiding Sharpe Refectory and the Sharpe Refectory
go to the Meeting Street Cafe while avoiding Starbucks and the Starbucks
go to the War Memorial while avoiding Emery Hall and the Emery Hall
go to the Peter Green House while avoiding Sears and the Sears
go to the Horace Mann House while avoiding Andrews Terrace and the Andrews Terrace
go to the Van Wickle Gates while avoiding Facing Thayer and the Facing Thayer
go to the Peter Green House while avoiding Medical Research Lab and the Medical Research Lab
go to the Granoff Center while avoiding Starbucks and the Starbucks
go to the J.W. Wilson while avoiding 164 Angel and the 164 Angel
go to the Brown University Bookstore while avoiding Kassar House and the Kassar House
go to the Van Wickle Gates avoiding Spiritus Fermenti .
go to the Class of 1887 Gate avoiding Hillel House .
go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology avoiding Metcalf Hall .
go to the Metcalf Hall avoiding Arnold Laboratory .
go to the Pleasant Surprises avoiding John Hay Library .
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology avoiding 111 Brown Street North House .
go to the Hillel House avoiding Robinson Gate .
go to the Sayles Hall avoiding Salon Persia .
go to the Simmons Quadrangle avoiding Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to the Pembroke Park avoiding Hope College .
go to the Andrews Hall avoiding Lyman Hall .
go to the Salon Persia avoiding Marcus Aurelius .
go to the Pembroke Park and avoid Van Wickle Gates .
go to the 164 Angel and avoid College Green .
go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology and avoid Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the Morriss Hall and avoid War Memorial .
go to the Pembroke Hall and avoid BERT .
go to the Alumnae Hall and avoid Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to the 86 Waterman  and avoid J. R. Workman Garden .
go to the East Side Station Post Office and avoid Sharpe Refectory .
go to the Pleasant Surprises and avoid University Hall .
go to the Hillel House and avoid John Carter Brown Library .
go to the Marcus Aurelius and avoid 164 Angel .
go to the Lincoln Field Building and avoid Berk's;Shanghai .
go to the Facing Thayer and avoid Walter Hall .
go to the Saint Stephens Church and avoid Brown University Bookstore .
go to the Peter Green House and avoid The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to the Starbucks and avoid Blue State Coffee .
go to the Quiet Green and avoid Facing Thayer .
go to the New Pembroke 3 and avoid Robinson Hall .
go to the Emery & Wooley and avoid Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to the Soban and avoid Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to the Gardner House while avoiding West House
go to the Caswell Hall while avoiding College Hill Bookstore
go to the Littlefield Hall while avoiding Miller Hall
go to the West House while avoiding Lot 18
go to the Sidney Frank Hall while avoiding Watson Center for Information Technology
go to the Brown University Bookstore while avoiding Norwood House
go to the Meeting Street Cafe while avoiding Casey Shearer Memorial
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ while avoiding Second Time Around
go to the Andrews Hall while avoiding Manning
go to the 219 Bowen while avoiding University Hall
go to the Maxcy Hall while avoiding Verney-Woolley Hall
go to the Mencoff Hall while avoiding Soban
go to the Norwood House while avoiding West House
go to the Lot 76 while avoiding Spiritus Fermenti
go to the Lyman Hall while avoiding Morriss Hall
go to the 219 Bowen while avoiding John Carter Brown Library
go to the Champlin Hall while avoiding Minden Hall
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall but avoid Hughes Court .
go to the Lot 18 but avoid Andrews Terrace .
go to the West House but avoid Finlandia .
go to the J. R. Workman Garden but avoid Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to the Spiritus Fermenti but avoid William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to the Thayer and Cushing but avoid Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to the Class of 1887 Gate but avoid Salon Persia .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall but avoid Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to the Gardner House but avoid Sharpe House .
go to the Norwood House but avoid Peter Green House .
go to the Sayles Hall but avoid Avon Cinema .
avoid the New Pembroke 3 and go to the Hughes Court .
avoid the CVS and go to the Maddock Alumni  .
avoid the Starbucks and go to the New Pembroke 1 .
avoid the New Pembroke 2 and go to the Maxcy Hall .
avoid the Hegeman and go to the J. R. Workman Garden .
avoid the Urban Environmental Lab and go to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
avoid the Peter Green House and go to the John Carter Brown Library .
avoid the Soban and go to the Quiet Green .
avoid the Lincoln Field Building and go to the Spiritus Fermenti .
avoid the Emery Hall and go to the Lyman Hall .
avoid the Thayer and Cushing and go to the J.W. Wilson .
avoid the Pembroke Park and go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to the College Hill Bookstore while avoiding Friedman Hall .
go to the Horace Mann House while avoiding Peter Green House .
go to the Friedman Hall while avoiding New Pembroke 2 .
go to the Kassar House while avoiding Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the Swearer Center for Public Service while avoiding Morriss Hall .
go to the Pembroke Park while avoiding Slater Hall .
go to the New Pembroke 1 while avoiding Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to the J. R. Workman Garden while avoiding Horace Mann House .
go to the John Hay Library while avoiding New Pembroke 1 .
go to the Prince Engineering Lab while avoiding Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority while avoiding 111 Brown Street North House .
go to the Champlin Hall while avoiding Brown University Sciences Library .
go to the Mencoff Hall while avoiding Miller Hall .
go to the Walter Hall while avoiding New Pembroke 3 .
go to the Prince Engineering Lab while avoiding Biomedical Center .
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall while avoiding 86 Waterman  .
avoid BERT and go to the Salon Persia .
avoid Sharpe Refectory and go to the New Pembroke 3 .
avoid Sidney Frank Hall and go to the Lot 17 .
avoid Van Wickle Gates and go to the Pleasant Surprises .
avoid Robinson Gate and go to the New Pembroke 1 .
avoid Arnold Laboratory and go to the Metcalf Hall .
avoid Morriss Hall and go to the Class of 1887 Gate .
avoid John Hay Library and go to the J. R. Workman Garden .
avoid Robinson Gate and go to the Andrews Hall .
avoid Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop and go to the 164 Angel .
from the Robinson Hall , go to Granoff Center directly .
from the East Side Station Post Office , go to Campus Market directly .
from the Salon Persia , go to Caswell Hall directly .
from the Avon Cinema , go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop directly .
from the Brown University Bookstore , go to Kassar House directly .
from the New Pembroke 2 , go to Swearer Center for Public Service directly .
from the University Hall , go to Peter Green House directly .
from the Brown University Bookstore , go to Wriston Quad directly .
from the Thayer and Meeting , go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall directly .
from the Brown Center for Students of Color , go to West House directly .
from the Van Wickle Gates , go to Miller Hall directly .
from the Berk's;Shanghai , go to Marston Hall directly .
from the East Side Station Post Office , go to Quiet Green directly .
from the Sayles Hall , go to Hillel House directly .
from the Meeting Street Cafe , go to Carrie Tower directly .
from the Morriss Hall , go to Campus Market directly .
from the Van Wickle Gates , go to New Pembroke 4 directly .
go up to the Granoff Center without going to Van Wickle Gates .
go up to the The Ivy Room without going to Emery Hall .
go up to the Salomon Center for Teaching without going to Pleasant Surprises .
go up to the P-131317 without going to 164 Angel .
go up to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate without going to Supercuts .
go up to the Rhode Island Hall without going to Verney-Woolley Hall .
go up to the Verney-Woolley Hall without going to Walter Hall .
go up to the John Hay Library without going to Brown University Bookstore .
go up to the Swearer Center for Public Service without going to Thayer and Cushing .
go up to the Finlandia without going to Metcalf Hall .
go up to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority without going to Facing Thayer .
go up to the Lot 17 without going to Morriss Hall .
go up to the Alumnae Hall without going to Blue Room .
proceed to the Metcalf Hall by going through the Shirley Miller House .
proceed to the Andrews Terrace by going through the Prospect House .
proceed to the J.W. Wilson by going through the Miller Hall .
proceed to the Campus Market by going through the Meeting Street Cafe .
proceed to the Medical Research Lab by going through the Sidney Frank Hall .
proceed to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority by going through the Meeting Street Cafe .
proceed to the J. R. Workman Garden by going through the Maddock Alumni  .
proceed to the Watson Center for Information Technology by going through the West House .
proceed to the Blue Room by going through the Alumnae Hall .
proceed to the College Hill Bookstore by going through the Mencoff Hall .
proceed to the Mencoff Hall by going through the Hillel House .
proceed to the Idee di pietra by going through the Second Time Around .
proceed to the Van Wickle Gates by going through the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
proceed to the Lot 76 by going through the Hillel House .
proceed to the Andreas by going through the Brown Bear .
proceed to the Sharpe House by going through the Prospect House .
go to the Metcalf Hall through the Norwood House
go to the List Art Building through the Smith Buonanno Hall
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity through the Soban
go to the Van Wickle Gates through the Pleasant Surprises
go to the Barus Building through the Meeting Street Cafe
go to the Smith Buonanno Hall through the Slater Hall
go to the Thayer and Meeting through the Urban Environmental Lab
go to the Lippit House through the Supercuts
go to the Marston Hall through the Sharpe House
go to the Norwood House through the College Hill Bookstore
go to the Brown University Bookstore through the Wayland
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate through the Thayer and Cushing
go to the Rhode Island Hall through the Metcalf Hall
go to the Idee di pietra through the Verney-Woolley Hall
go to the P-131317 through the CVS
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching through the Peter Green House
go through the Lippit House to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
go through the Smith Buonanno Hall to the Van Wickle Gates .
go through the Wilbour Hall to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
go through the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go through the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority to the West House .
go through the Hegeman to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
go through the Prince Engineering Lab to the Berk's;Shanghai .
go through the Medical Research Lab to the Spiritus Fermenti .
go through the Mencoff Hall to the New Pembroke 1 .
go through the Maxcy Green to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
go through the Morriss Hall to the College Green .
go through the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building to the Van Wickle Gates .
go through the Simmons Quadrangle to the Salon Persia .
go through the Class of 1887 Gate to the J. R. Workman Garden .
go through the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity to the Sharpe House .
go through the Mencoff Hall to the Blue State Coffee .
go through the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity to the Sharpe House .
go through the Slavery Memorial to the Pembroke Park .
move to the Slavery Memorial and then the 164 Angel .
move to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences and then the J. R. Workman Garden .
move to the Andreas and then the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
move to the Maxcy Hall and then the Andreas .
move to the Smith Buonanno Hall and then the Rockefeller Library .
move to the Thayer and Meeting and then the Brown Bear .
move to the Meeting Street Cafe and then the Faunce House .
move to the Watson Center for Information Technology and then the J. R. Workman Garden .
move to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall and then the Thayer and Meeting .
move to the New Pembroke 1 and then the Simmons Quadrangle .
move to the Walter Hall and then the Granoff Center .
move to the List Art Building and then the Soban .
move to the J. R. Workman Garden and then the Brown University .
move to the Brown Bear and then the New Pembroke 3 .
move to the Maddock Alumni  and then the Sharpe House .
move to the Minden Hall and then the Smith Buonanno Hall .
move to the Prince Engineering Lab and then the 164 Angel .
navigate to the Soban through the Starbucks .
navigate to the Miller Hall through the College Green .
navigate to the Supercuts through the Brown Bear .
navigate to the P-131317 through the West House .
navigate to the Peter Green House through the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
navigate to the CVS through the Slater Hall .
navigate to the Salomon Center for Teaching through the Morriss Hall .
navigate to the Faunce House through the Champlin Hall .
navigate to the Hegeman through the East Side Station Post Office .
navigate to the 67 George through the Pembroke Hall .
navigate to the Prospect House through the Morriss Hall .
navigate to the Carrie Tower through the New Pembroke 1 .
navigate to the Brown Bear through the J. R. Workman Garden .
navigate to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology through the Soban .
navigate to the J. R. Workman Garden through the Class of 1872 Gate .
navigate to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building through the Finlandia .
navigate to the Morriss Hall through the The Ivy Room .
move to the Wayland then continue to the Emery Hall .
move to the Smith Buonanno Hall then continue to the Faunce House .
move to the Avon Cinema then continue to the Brown Bear .
move to the College Hill Bookstore then continue to the BERT .
move to the Swearer Center for Public Service then continue to the Pembroke Park .
move to the College Hill Bookstore then continue to the 67 George .
move to the J. R. Workman Garden then continue to the Quiet Green .
move to the Arnold Laboratory then continue to the East Side Station Post Office .
move to the Maxcy Hall then continue to the Thayer and Cushing .
move to the Facing Thayer then continue to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
move to the Meeting Street Cafe then continue to the Class of 1872 Gate .
move to the 164 Angel then continue to the Lincoln Field Building .
move to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate then continue to the Andreas .
move to the 219 Bowen then continue to the Maddock Alumni  .
move to the John Hay Library then continue to the East Side Station Post Office .
move to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate then continue to the CVS .
move to the Hughes Court then continue to the Alumnae Hall .
move to the Brown Center for Students of Color then continue to the Andrews Hall .
go to the Kassar House through the J. R. Workman Garden .
go to the 67 George through the New Pembroke 1 .
go to the Maxcy Green through the Alumnae Hall .
go to the Granoff Center through the Sayles Hall .
go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear through the Thayer and Cushing .
go to the Thayer and Meeting through the Medical Research Lab .
go to the Alumnae Hall through the Citizen's Bank .
go to the Brown Bear through the New Pembroke 3 .
go to the Shirley Miller House through the Facing Thayer .
go to the 67 George through the 111 Brown Street North House .
go to the Class of 1887 Gate through the Blue State Coffee .
go to the Andreas through the Rhode Island Hall .
go to the Champlin Hall through the Urban Environmental Lab .
go to the New Pembroke 1 through the University Hall .
go to the 111 Brown Street North House through the Lot 18 .
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop through the J. R. Workman Garden .
go to the Manning through the J. R. Workman Garden .
go to the 164 Angel through the Carrie Tower .
go to the Miller Hall through the Idee di pietra .
go to the Peter Green House through the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to Avon Cinema and then to Gardner House
go to Brown University Sciences Library and then to Pembroke Hall
go to Norwood House and then to Pembroke Park
go to 111 Brown Street North House and then to Finlandia
go to New Pembroke 4 and then to Metcalf Research Building
go to Morriss Hall and then to Horace Mann House
go to Slavery Memorial and then to Morriss Hall
go to Blue Room and then to 111 Brown Street North House
go to Lot 17 and then to Avon Cinema
go to John Carter Brown Library and then to Berk's;Shanghai
go to the West House , then go to the List Art Building .
go to the Andrews Terrace , then go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to the Hillel House , then go to the Wayland .
go to the Sayles Hall , then go to the East Side Station Post Office .
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate , then go to the Morriss Hall .
go to the The Ivy Room , then go to the Pleasant Surprises .
go to the Robinson Gate , then go to the Pembroke Hall .
go to the Maddock Alumni  , then go to the Berk's;Shanghai .
go to the Lyman Hall , then go to the 219 Bowen .
go to the 111 Brown Street North House , then go to the Walter Hall .
go to the Campus Market , then go to the Miller Hall .
go to the University Hall , then go to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the Saint Stephens Church , then go to the New Pembroke 3 .
go to the Hope College , then go to the Metcalf Hall .
go from the Andrews Terrace to the Barus Building
go from the East Side Station Post Office to the Van Wickle Gates
go from the Pembroke Park to the Brown University Sciences Library
go from the Brown University Sciences Library to the 164 Angel
go from the Wayland to the Alumnae Hall
go from the Pembroke Hall to the Quiet Green
go from the 219 Bowen to the Blue Room
go from the Idee di pietra to the Brown University Bookstore
go from the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building to the 67 George
go from the Wayland to the Thayer and Meeting
go from the Class of 1872 Gate to the Andrews Hall
go from the John Hay Library to the Peter Green House
go from the West House to the Caswell Hall
go from the Hegeman to the 219 Bowen
go from the Sidney Frank Hall to the Littlefield Hall
go from the Wilbour Hall to the College Hill Bookstore
go from the John Nicholas Brown Gate to the Sharpe House
go from the New Pembroke 4 to the Walter Hall
go from the Emery & Wooley to the Starbucks
go to the Brown University Sciences Library by touching the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the Wayland by touching the Peter Green House .
go to the 164 Angel by touching the Medical Research Lab .
go to the West House by touching the Brown University .
go to the Morriss Hall by touching the Slater Hall .
go to the Second Time Around by touching the Prince Engineering Lab .
go to the Class of 1887 Gate by touching the Supercuts .
go to the Lyman Hall by touching the 219 Bowen .
go to the Brown University Bookstore by touching the Idee di pietra .
go to the West House by touching the Prince Engineering Lab .
go to the Metcalf Hall by touching the Lippit House .
go to the Miller Hall by touching the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to the 67 George by touching the Miller Hall .
go to the Spiritus Fermenti by touching the Lippit House .
go to the J. R. Workman Garden by touching the Mencoff Hall .
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop through the Alumnae Hall .
go to the Wriston Quad through the Emery Hall .
go to the Swearer Center for Public Service through the Andrews Hall .
go to the Minden Hall through the Granoff Center .
go to the Blue State Coffee through the List Art Building .
go to the Rockefeller Library through the New Pembroke 2 .
go to the Friedman Hall through the 219 Bowen .
go to the Thayer and Cushing through the Starbucks .
go to the Littlefield Hall through the Blue State Coffee .
go to the Morriss Hall through the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to the Salon Persia through the Wriston Quad .
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color through the 111 Brown Street North House .
go to the Wilbour Hall through the Pleasant Surprises .
go to the Prospect House through the Emery Hall .
go to the Sharpe House through the Idee di pietra .
first navigate to the Swearer Center for Public Service , then make your way to the 164 Angel .
first navigate to the Robinson Hall , then make your way to the Granoff Center .
first navigate to the Berk's;Shanghai , then make your way to the Van Wickle Gates .
first navigate to the Lot 17 , then make your way to the 164 Angel .
first navigate to the Brown Bear , then make your way to the CVS .
first navigate to the Berk's;Shanghai , then make your way to the John Hay Library .
first navigate to the 111 Brown Street North House , then make your way to the Quiet Green .
first navigate to the Meeting Street Cafe , then make your way to the Gardner House .
first navigate to the John Nicholas Brown Gate , then make your way to the West House .
first navigate to the Slavery Memorial , then make your way to the West House .
first navigate to the Marcus Aurelius , then make your way to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
first navigate to the Blue Room , then make your way to the Andreas .
first navigate to the Rhode Island Hall , then make your way to the CVS .
head to the Berk's;Shanghai , but make sure to go through the Maddock Alumni  first .
head to the Miller Hall , but make sure to go through the Sayles Hall first .
head to the Champlin Hall , but make sure to go through the Lot 18 first .
head to the J. R. Workman Garden , but make sure to go through the University Hall first .
head to the Emery Hall , but make sure to go through the Watson Center for Information Technology first .
head to the Sears , but make sure to go through the Andrews Hall first .
head to the Robinson Gate , but make sure to go through the Soban first .
head to the Verney-Woolley Hall , but make sure to go through the Slater Hall first .
head to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ , but make sure to go through the Miller Hall first .
head to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall , but make sure to go through the Verney-Woolley Hall first .
head to the Simmons Quadrangle , but make sure to go through the 164 Angel first .
head to the Salon Persia , but make sure to go through the Brown Bear first .
go through the Hope College before going to the Alumnae Hall .
go through the Thayer and Meeting before going to the Class of 1872 Gate .
go through the College Green before going to the New Pembroke 4 .
go through the Berk's;Shanghai before going to the Citizen's Bank .
go through the Soban before going to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go through the Minden Hall before going to the Thayer and Meeting .
go through the Emery Hall before going to the Brown University Sciences Library .
go through the Morriss Hall before going to the Citizen's Bank .
go through the Walter Hall before going to the Blue State Coffee .
go through the Littlefield Hall before going to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go through the Meeting Street Cafe before going to the Slater Hall .
go through the Class of 1887 Gate before going to the 164 Angel .
go through the West House before going to the Lyman Hall .
go through the Alumnae Hall before going to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go through the Peter Green House before going to the Maxcy Green .
go through the Spiritus Fermenti before going to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go through the Horace Mann House before going to the 111 Brown Street North House .
go to the Peter Green House through the Idee di pietra .
go to the Biomedical Center through the Carrie Tower .
go to the Alumnae Hall through the Kassar House .
go to the Lot 17 through the Emery & Wooley .
go to the Slater Hall through the Blue State Coffee .
go to the Second Time Around through the Maxcy Green .
go to the Class of 1887 Gate through the CVS .
go to the Supercuts through the Sears .
go to the Metcalf Research Building through the Granoff Center .
go to the New Pembroke 4 through the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to the Pleasant Surprises through the List Art Building .
go to the CVS through the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to the Andreas through the Horace Mann House .
go to the Minden Hall through the East Side Station Post Office .
go to the Minden Hall through the Andrews Hall .
go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear through the Thayer and Cushing .
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate through the Alumnae Hall
go to the 67 George through the Meeting Street Cafe
go to the Andreas through the University Hall
go to the Faunce House through the 164 Angel
go to the Thayer and Meeting through the Arnold Laboratory
go to the CVS through the J.W. Wilson
go to the East Side Station Post Office through the Idee di pietra
go to the Gardner House through the Spiritus Fermenti
go to the 219 Bowen through the Urban Environmental Lab
go to the Sidney Frank Hall through the Wilbour Hall
go to the Faunce House through the 111 Brown Street North House
go to the College Hill Bookstore through the Metcalf Research Building
go to the Sharpe House through the Class of 1872 Gate
go to the Finlandia through the Meeting Street Cafe
go to the J. R. Workman Garden through the Lot 76
go to the Class of 1887 Gate through the Metcalf Hall
go to the Soban through the Robinson Hall
go to the Robinson Hall through the East Side Station Post Office
go to the Caswell Hall through the Pembroke Park
go to the Medical Research Lab and then navigate to the West House .
go to the College Green and then navigate to the 164 Angel .
go to the Emery & Wooley and then navigate to the Starbucks .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall and then navigate to the Slavery Memorial .
go to the Slater Hall and then navigate to the West House .
go to the Blue State Coffee and then navigate to the Maxcy Green .
go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate and then navigate to the Supercuts .
go to the Idee di pietra and then navigate to the West House .
go to the Champlin Hall and then navigate to the Gardner House .
go to the Smith Buonanno Hall and then navigate to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to the West House and then navigate to the John Hay Library .
go to the Morriss Hall and then navigate to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to the Hughes Court and then navigate to the 111 Brown Street North House .
travel through the Blue Room then go to the Morriss Hall .
travel through the Marcus Aurelius then go to the Pembroke Park .
travel through the Gardner House then go to the Sharpe House .
travel through the 164 Angel then go to the Hughes Court .
travel through the New Pembroke 4 then go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
travel through the Biomedical Center then go to the Wayland .
travel through the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop then go to the Facing Thayer .
travel through the J.W. Wilson then go to the Emery & Wooley .
travel through the Littlefield Hall then go to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
travel through the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building then go to the P-131317 .
travel through the Rhode Island Hall then go to the Avon Cinema .
travel through the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ then go to the Metcalf Hall .
travel through the Lot 76 then go to the Thayer and Meeting .
travel through the J. R. Workman Garden then go to the Maddock Alumni  .
travel through the Hughes Court then go to the Andrews Terrace .
travel through the Quiet Green then go to the New Pembroke 4 .
travel through the Andrews Hall then go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
travel through the 164 Angel then go to the Horace Mann House .
travel through the Smith Buonanno Hall then go to the John Carter Brown Library .
go to the West House by first going through the Lippit House .
go to the Norwood House by first going through the Avon Cinema .
go to the New Pembroke 4 by first going through the Class of 1887 Gate .
go to the Wilbour Hall by first going through the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear by first going through the 219 Bowen .
go to the Supercuts by first going through the Metcalf Research Building .
go to the Pleasant Surprises by first going through the Sears .
go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate by first going through the Avon Cinema .
go to the Mencoff Hall by first going through the New Pembroke 2 .
go to the Supercuts by first going through the Kassar House .
go to the Saint Stephens Church by first going through the Biomedical Center .
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall through the East Side Station Post Office .
go to the Meeting Street Cafe through the John Hay Library .
go to the New Pembroke 2 through the Marcus Aurelius .
go to the New Pembroke 3 through the Maxcy Hall .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall through the J.W. Wilson .
go to the Brown Bear through the Metcalf Hall .
go to the Shirley Miller House through the 164 Angel .
go to the Pleasant Surprises through the Horace Mann House .
go to the Thayer and Meeting through the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to the Wriston Quad through the 164 Angel .
go to the Blue State Coffee through the Gardner House .
go to the New Pembroke 2 through the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to the Andrews Hall through the Wilbour Hall .
go to the Hughes Court through the Salon Persia .
always go through the Faunce House to get to the New Pembroke 2 .
always go through the Quiet Green to get to the Meeting Street Cafe .
always go through the Starbucks to get to the 219 Bowen .
always go through the Pembroke Hall to get to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
always go through the College Hill Bookstore to get to the Slater Hall .
always go through the BERT to get to the Alumnae Hall .
always go through the Soban to get to the Van Wickle Gates .
always go through the Spiritus Fermenti to get to the Slavery Memorial .
always go through the 111 Brown Street North House to get to the J.W. Wilson .
always go through the Andrews Hall to get to the Simmons Quadrangle .
always go through the Verney-Woolley Hall to get to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
always go through the Emery Hall to get to the 86 Waterman  .
always go through the Circle Dance Sculpture to get to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to the John Carter Brown Library before going to the Avon Cinema .
go to the Biomedical Center before going to the Class of 1872 Gate .
go to the East Side Station Post Office before going to the 67 George .
go to the Prospect House before going to the Thayer and Cushing .
go to the Emery & Wooley before going to the Prince Engineering Lab .
go to the Starbucks before going to the Facing Thayer .
go to the Maxcy Green before going to the Alumnae Hall .
go to the Lyman Hall before going to the East Side Station Post Office .
go to the Salon Persia before going to the Sayles Hall .
go to the Arnold Laboratory before going to the West House .
go to the East Side Station Post Office before going to the Maxcy Green .
go to the Andreas before going to the Horace Mann House .
go to Pembroke Hall and then to Hope College
go to Avon Cinema and then to 67 George
go to Andrews Hall and then to J.W. Wilson
go to Shirley Miller House and then to Morriss Hall
go to Facing Thayer and then to John Nicholas Brown Gate
go to New Pembroke 1 and then to Lot 17
go to Supercuts and then to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority
go to Granoff Center and then to BERT
go to Granoff Center and then to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity
go to Prospect House and then to Sidney Frank Hall
go to Berk's;Shanghai and then to Brown Bear
go to Brown Center for Students of Color and then to Hillel House
go to Watson Center for Information Technology and then to Hillel House
go to the 111 Brown Street North House through the Class of 1872 Gate
go to the Rhode Island Hall through the Brown University Bookstore
go to the CVS through the Maxcy Hall
go to the Norwood House through the 164 Angel
go to the BERT through the Second Time Around
go to the Pembroke Park through the Barus Building
go to the Lot 18 through the Hillel House
go to the Metcalf Research Building through the Spiritus Fermenti
go to the Brown University through the Peter Green House
go to the Brown University Sciences Library through the 164 Angel
go to the 67 George through the Pembroke Park
go to the Miller Hall through the BERT
go to the Littlefield Hall through the Facing Thayer
go to the Spiritus Fermenti through the Prince Engineering Lab
go to the West House through the War Memorial
go to the 164 Angel through the 67 George
go to the Sears through the 219 Bowen
go to the Pembroke Hall through the Slavery Memorial
go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building and then go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to the Sharpe House and then go to the Brown University .
go to the College Green and then go to the Spiritus Fermenti .
go to the Wilbour Hall and then go to the Thayer and Meeting .
go to the Andrews Terrace and then go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to the Berk's;Shanghai and then go to the Hegeman .
go to the Morriss Hall and then go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to the New Pembroke 1 and then go to the Starbucks .
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority and then go to the East Side Station Post Office .
go to the Metcalf Research Building and then go to the Avon Cinema .
go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology and then go to the Granoff Center .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall and then go to the Idee di pietra .
go to the Pembroke Hall and then go to the Prospect House .
go to the Mencoff Hall and then go to the New Pembroke 1 .
go to the West House and then go to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to the Blue State Coffee and then go to the Finlandia .
go through the Salon Persia before going to the John Carter Brown Library .
go through the Shirley Miller House before going to the Sharpe House .
go through the Barus Building before going to the Alumnae Hall .
go through the Pembroke Park before going to the Faunce House .
go through the Brown University Sciences Library before going to the Avon Cinema .
go through the Untitled Lamp/Bear before going to the Peter Green House .
go through the Peter Green House before going to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go through the Andreas before going to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go through the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building before going to the Rhode Island Hall .
go through the College Hill Bookstore before going to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go through the John Hay Library before going to the Emery & Wooley .
go through the Idee di pietra before going to the Berk's;Shanghai .
go to the 219 Bowen through the Maxcy Green .
go to the Van Wickle Gates through the Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to the Avon Cinema through the Robinson Gate .
go to the Wriston Quad through the Andrews Terrace .
go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building through the Carrie Tower .
go to the Pembroke Park through the Urban Environmental Lab .
go to the Thayer and Cushing through the Lot 17 .
go to the Urban Environmental Lab through the Sharpe House .
go to the Salon Persia through the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to the John Hay Library through the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the Brown Bear through the Thayer and Cushing .
go to the 111 Brown Street North House through the Slater Hall .
go to the Shirley Miller House through the Emery & Wooley .
go to the Friedman Hall through the Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to the 67 George through the West House .
go to the J. R. Workman Garden through the Class of 1872 Gate .
go to the Class of 1872 Gate through the Emery & Wooley .
go to the Blue Room through the J. R. Workman Garden .
go to the Wilbour Hall through the Emery Hall .
navigate to the Rockefeller Library through the New Pembroke 1 .
navigate to the J.W. Wilson through the Alumnae Hall .
navigate to the Pembroke Park through the Arnold Laboratory .
navigate to the War Memorial through the Verney-Woolley Hall .
navigate to the Sayles Hall through the Soban .
navigate to the Horace Mann House through the Emery & Wooley .
navigate to the Norwood House through the Pembroke Park .
navigate to the Champlin Hall through the Van Wickle Gates .
navigate to the New Pembroke 2 through the John Carter Brown Library .
navigate to the Spiritus Fermenti through the Horace Mann House .
navigate to the 111 Brown Street North House through the Watson Center for Information Technology .
navigate to the 219 Bowen through the Gardner House .
navigate to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology through the Pembroke Park .
navigate to the Medical Research Lab through the Hillel House .
navigate to the New Pembroke 4 through the BERT .
navigate to the Salon Persia through the Faunce House .
navigate to the J. R. Workman Garden through the Simmons Quadrangle .
navigate to the Thayer and Cushing through the Lyman Hall .
navigate to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate through the Sidney Frank Hall .
go through the Pleasant Surprises first , then go to the Finlandia .
go through the Casey Shearer Memorial first , then go to the College Hill Bookstore .
go through the Salon Persia first , then go to the Littlefield Hall .
go through the Salomon Center for Teaching first , then go to the Champlin Hall .
go through the Morriss Hall first , then go to the Minden Hall .
go through the Friedman Hall first , then go to the Avon Cinema .
go through the Blue State Coffee first , then go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go through the CVS first , then go to the Mencoff Hall .
go through the West House first , then go to the Quiet Green .
go through the College Hill Bookstore first , then go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go through the Smith Buonanno Hall first , then go to the Gardner House .
go through the Brown Bear first , then go to the East Side Station Post Office .
go through the New Pembroke 3 first , then go to the Medical Research Lab .
go through the John Nicholas Brown Gate first , then go to the 164 Angel .
go through the Class of 1872 Gate first , then go to the Pembroke Park .
go through the Slavery Memorial to the East Side Station Post Office .
go through the Medical Research Lab to the 164 Angel .
go through the Facing Thayer to the Class of 1872 Gate .
go through the Idee di pietra to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
go through the Idee di pietra to the Berk's;Shanghai .
go through the Salomon Center for Teaching to the Miller Hall .
go through the Berk's;Shanghai to the Class of 1872 Gate .
go through the Rockefeller Library to the Miller Hall .
go through the Smith Buonanno Hall to the BERT .
go through the New Pembroke 4 to the Brown Bear .
go through the Emery Hall to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go through the Rhode Island Hall to the New Pembroke 4 .
go through the Metcalf Hall to the Kassar House .
go through the West House to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go through the Hope College to the Thayer and Meeting .
go through the Soldiers Memorial Gate to the J. R. Workman Garden .
go through the John Hay Library to the Thayer and Cushing .
go through the Prospect House to the Alumnae Hall .
go through the West House to the Marston Hall .
go through the Simmons Quadrangle to the Facing Thayer .
go through the 86 Waterman  to the West House .
go through the Urban Environmental Lab to the Thayer and Meeting .
go through the Biomedical Center to the Mencoff Hall .
go through the Prospect House to the Thayer and Meeting .
go through the Avon Cinema to the Lot 17 .
go through the Pleasant Surprises to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go through the College Green to the Brown University Bookstore .
go through the College Hill Bookstore to the List Art Building .
go through the Campus Market to the Soban .
go through the Starbucks to the 164 Angel .
go through the Metcalf Hall to the Lippit House .
go through the 111 Brown Street North House to the Wayland .
go through the Spiritus Fermenti to the Idee di pietra .
go through the Verney-Woolley Hall to the Van Wickle Gates .
go through the Andrews Terrace to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go through the Peter Green House to the Lot 18 .
go through the Alumnae Hall to the Brown Bear .
go through the Brown Bear to the Peter Green House .
go through the New Pembroke 3 to the Finlandia .
go through the West House to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go through the CVS to the University Hall .
go through the Salomon Center for Teaching to the Metcalf Hall .
go through the Prince Engineering Lab to the Facing Thayer .
go through the 111 Brown Street North House to the Robinson Gate .
go through the 164 Angel to the 67 George .
go through the Marston Hall to the J. R. Workman Garden .
go through the Urban Environmental Lab to the Andreas .
go through the Lot 76 to the Supercuts .
go through the Starbucks to the Metcalf Hall .
go through the West House to the Gardner House .
go through the Lyman Hall to the Morriss Hall .
go through the Walter Hall to the Granoff Center .
go through the Lot 18 to the Sidney Frank Hall .
always navigate to New Pembroke 2 and then proceed to Barus Building .
always navigate to Metcalf Hall and then proceed to Wriston Quad .
always navigate to Blue State Coffee and then proceed to Soldiers Memorial Gate .
always navigate to Avon Cinema and then proceed to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
always navigate to Second Time Around and then proceed to Lot 17 .
always navigate to Hughes Court and then proceed to East Side Station Post Office .
always navigate to Robinson Hall and then proceed to J. R. Workman Garden .
always navigate to Swearer Center for Public Service and then proceed to Spiritus Fermenti .
always navigate to Rhode Island Hall and then proceed to Verney-Woolley Hall .
always navigate to Supercuts and then proceed to Watson Center for Information Technology .
always navigate to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate and then proceed to West House .
always navigate to Andrews Hall and then proceed to Brown University Sciences Library .
always navigate to Meeting Street Cafe and then proceed to BERT .
always navigate to West House and then proceed to List Art Building .
always navigate to Smith Buonanno Hall and then proceed to Class of 1887 Gate .
always navigate to Kassar House and then proceed to Sharpe House .
always navigate to Horace Mann House and then proceed to Meeting Street Cafe .
always navigate to Biomedical Center and then proceed to Watson Center for Information Technology .
head to the Van Wickle Gates and then head to the Berk's;Shanghai .
head to the West House and then head to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
head to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority and then head to the Emery Hall .
head to the Caswell Hall and then head to the Supercuts .
head to the Hughes Court and then head to the Thayer and Cushing .
head to the Berk's;Shanghai and then head to the John Carter Brown Library .
head to the Emery Hall and then head to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
head to the Sharpe House and then head to the Blue Room .
head to the Swearer Center for Public Service and then head to the Hillel House .
head to the John Nicholas Brown Gate and then head to the 219 Bowen .
head to the Van Wickle Gates and then head to the Morriss Hall .
head to the New Pembroke 4 and then head to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
head to the Brown University Sciences Library and then head to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
head to the Emery & Wooley and then head to the Lot 76 .
head to the Brown Center for Students of Color and then head to the J. R. Workman Garden .
head to the Metcalf Hall and then head to the Sears .
head to the Andrews Terrace and then head to the Idee di pietra .
head to the New Pembroke 2 and then head to the Robinson Gate .
head to the List Art Building and then head to the CVS .
head to the Finlandia and then head to the Metcalf Hall .
go through the Quiet Green before going to the Emery Hall .
go through the Robinson Hall before going to the Andrews Terrace .
go through the Lot 76 before going to the Avon Cinema .
go through the Biomedical Center before going to the BERT .
go through the Pembroke Hall before going to the Lincoln Field Building .
go through the Sayles Hall before going to the Pembroke Park .
go through the New Pembroke 4 before going to the John Carter Brown Library .
go through the Brown University Sciences Library before going to the Metcalf Hall .
go through the Peter Green House before going to the Horace Mann House .
go through the Hillel House before going to the Class of 1887 Gate .
go through the New Pembroke 4 before going to the Class of 1887 Gate .
go through the Van Wickle Gates before going to the Hillel House .
visit the Hope College and then move to the Pembroke Hall .
visit the Sidney Frank Hall and then move to the The Ivy Room .
visit the Andrews Hall and then move to the Wayland .
visit the 67 George and then move to the J. R. Workman Garden .
visit the Biomedical Center and then move to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
visit the List Art Building and then move to the Morriss Hall .
visit the Peter Green House and then move to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
visit the Medical Research Lab and then move to the Biomedical Center .
visit the Lyman Hall and then move to the Granoff Center .
visit the Alumnae Hall and then move to the Hegeman .
visit the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building and then move to the Gardner House .
visit the Smith Buonanno Hall and then move to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
visit the Circle Dance Sculpture and then move to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
visit the List Art Building and then move to the Peter Green House .
visit the Supercuts and then move to the Idee di pietra .
visit the Supercuts and then move to the Idee di pietra .
visit the West House and then move to the Urban Environmental Lab .
go through the Carrie Tower and navigate to the Brown University Bookstore .
go through the Champlin Hall and navigate to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go through the Wilbour Hall and navigate to the New Pembroke 4 .
go through the Urban Environmental Lab and navigate to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
go through the Sidney Frank Hall and navigate to the Marston Hall .
go through the Gardner House and navigate to the Supercuts .
go through the Champlin Hall and navigate to the Minden Hall .
go through the Salomon Center for Teaching and navigate to the Second Time Around .
go through the Avon Cinema and navigate to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go through the Kassar House and navigate to the Second Time Around .
go through the Faunce House and navigate to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go through the Prospect House and navigate to the Sharpe House .
go through the Andrews Hall and navigate to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall and go down to the BERT .
go to the New Pembroke 1 and go down to the Hope College .
go to the Andrews Hall and go down to the Mencoff Hall .
go to the Spiritus Fermenti and go down to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to the Pleasant Surprises and go down to the Maxcy Hall .
go to the Pembroke Hall and go down to the P-131317 .
go to the Supercuts and go down to the John Carter Brown Library .
go to the Berk's;Shanghai and go down to the Slater Hall .
go to the Friedman Hall and go down to the 111 Brown Street North House .
go to the Hegeman and go down to the 164 Angel .
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching through the Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to the College Hill Bookstore through the Rockefeller Library .
go to the Supercuts through the Urban Environmental Lab .
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority through the 164 Angel .
go to the Marcus Aurelius through the Salon Persia .
go to the Saint Stephens Church through the Salon Persia .
go to the Sharpe House through the Maddock Alumni  .
go to the John Hay Library through the Pleasant Surprises .
go to the Littlefield Hall through the Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to the Arnold Laboratory through the West House .
go to the John Carter Brown Library through the Thayer and Meeting .
go to the P-131317 through the Hillel House .
go to the Van Wickle Gates through the Emery & Wooley .
go to the Soban through the Sayles Hall .
go to the Blue State Coffee through the Gardner House .
go to the BERT through the Miller Hall .
go to the Slater Hall through the Peter Green House .
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority through the Metcalf Hall .
go to the Van Wickle Gates through the Supercuts .
go to the Lippit House through the Salon Persia .
go to the Lot 76 through the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the Soban through the Lot 76 .
go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate through the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the New Pembroke 4 through the Lyman Hall .
go to the J.W. Wilson through the Avon Cinema .
go to the Avon Cinema through the Metcalf Research Building .
go to the Sharpe House through the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to the Slater Hall through the Second Time Around .
go to the New Pembroke 3 through the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to the Morriss Hall through the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology through the 164 Angel .
go to the Lot 18 through the Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to the Biomedical Center through the Prospect House .
go to the Kassar House through the Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to the Class of 1887 Gate through the College Hill Bookstore .
go to the Gardner House through the Thayer and Cushing .
go through the Mencoff Hall then to the Avon Cinema .
go through the Sharpe House then to the Wilbour Hall .
go through the Faunce House then to the 111 Brown Street North House .
go through the Sears then to the Spiritus Fermenti .
go through the Salon Persia then to the Metcalf Research Building .
go through the Wayland then to the Sharpe House .
go through the Facing Thayer then to the War Memorial .
go through the Wriston Quad then to the Soban .
go through the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate then to the West House .
go through the Norwood House then to the New Pembroke 2 .
go through the West House then to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go through the Lot 18 then to the Salon Persia .
go through the Champlin Hall then to the Wriston Quad .
navigate to the Manning via the Sidney Frank Hall .
navigate to the John Hay Library via the Alumnae Hall .
navigate to the Andrews Terrace via the Swearer Center for Public Service .
navigate to the Granoff Center via the Brown Bear .
navigate to the Simmons Quadrangle via the Metcalf Hall .
navigate to the Thayer and Meeting via the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
navigate to the College Green via the Thayer and Cushing .
navigate to the New Pembroke 3 via the Littlefield Hall .
navigate to the Miller Hall via the Citizen's Bank .
navigate to the Blue Room via the Andreas .
navigate to the Spiritus Fermenti via the Marston Hall .
go to the Van Wickle Gates through the 111 Brown Street North House .
go to the New Pembroke 2 through the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to the Peter Green House through the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to the Thayer and Meeting through the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to the Alumnae Hall through the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to the Kassar House through the Thayer and Meeting .
go to the Medical Research Lab through the Thayer and Meeting .
go to the Facing Thayer through the Metcalf Research Building .
go to the College Hill Bookstore through the Prince Engineering Lab .
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ through the East Side Station Post Office .
go to the Friedman Hall through the East Side Station Post Office .
go to the Andrews Hall through the Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to the 219 Bowen through the Mencoff Hall .
go to the East Side Station Post Office through the Saint Stephens Church .
go to the Wriston Quad through the Thayer and Meeting .
go to the Hillel House through the Lot 18 .
go to the Brown University through the Emery & Wooley .
go to the Lot 76 by first going through the Peter Green House .
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall by first going through the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to the Metcalf Hall by first going through the Gardner House .
go to the Gardner House by first going through the New Pembroke 3 .
go to the 111 Brown Street North House by first going through the Saint Stephens Church .
go to the Lippit House by first going through the Pleasant Surprises .
go to the Pleasant Surprises by first going through the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Pembroke Park by first going through the Starbucks .
go to the Metcalf Research Building by first going through the Emery Hall .
go to the Lot 18 by first going through the Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to the New Pembroke 1 by first going through the Hope College .
go to the Swearer Center for Public Service by first going through the College Hill Bookstore .
go to the Pleasant Surprises by first going through the Maxcy Green .
go to the Swearer Center for Public Service by first going through the Meeting Street Cafe .
go to the Blue State Coffee by first going through the 67 George .
go to the Brown Bear by first going through the Pleasant Surprises .
go to the Class of 1872 Gate by first going through the Champlin Hall .
go to the Marcus Aurelius by first going through the College Hill Bookstore .
go to the New Pembroke 4 by first going through the Gardner House .
go to the Sears by first going through the CVS .
pass through the CVS before going to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
pass through the Emery Hall before going to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
pass through the Avon Cinema before going to the Slavery Memorial .
pass through the West House before going to the Lot 18 .
pass through the Emery Hall before going to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
pass through the Watson Center for Information Technology before going to the Andrews Hall .
pass through the Prince Engineering Lab before going to the New Pembroke 4 .
pass through the Alumnae Hall before going to the Class of 1887 Gate .
pass through the 67 George before going to the West House .
pass through the Starbucks before going to the Morriss Hall .
move to the Brown Center for Students of Color , travelling through the Sidney Frank Hall .
move to the Gardner House , travelling through the Sidney Frank Hall .
move to the Facing Thayer , travelling through the John Hay Library .
move to the Thayer and Cushing , travelling through the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
move to the Rhode Island Hall , travelling through the West House .
move to the Circle Dance Sculpture , travelling through the College Hill Bookstore .
move to the Second Time Around , travelling through the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
move to the Wriston Quad , travelling through the Brown University Bookstore .
move to the Emery & Wooley , travelling through the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
move to the Class of 1887 Gate , travelling through the Granoff Center .
move to the Thayer and Meeting , travelling through the Saint Stephens Church .
move towards Wayland and then to Berk's;Shanghai .
move towards New Pembroke 1 and then to Littlefield Hall .
move towards Andrews Hall and then to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
move towards Medical Research Lab and then to J. R. Workman Garden .
move towards Soban and then to Brown Bear .
move towards Emery & Wooley and then to Swearer Center for Public Service .
move towards Avon Cinema and then to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
move towards Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop and then to New Pembroke 3 .
move towards Smith Buonanno Hall and then to Prince Engineering Lab .
move towards Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology and then to New Pembroke 4 .
go to the Class of 1887 Gate through the New Pembroke 3 .
go to the CVS through the Norwood House .
go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences through the Thayer and Cushing .
go to the Thayer and Cushing through the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to the Thayer and Cushing through the Horace Mann House .
go to the Champlin Hall through the Gardner House .
go to the Alumnae Hall through the Idee di pietra .
go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate through the Pembroke Park .
go to the Minden Hall through the Facing Thayer .
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity through the Champlin Hall .
go to the Andreas through the Urban Environmental Lab .
go to the Van Wickle Gates through the 164 Angel .
go to the Blue State Coffee through the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear through the Avon Cinema .
go to the Maxcy Hall through the Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to the J. R. Workman Garden through the Brown Bear .
go to the Hillel House through the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity through the Andrews Terrace .
go to the The Ivy Room through the Supercuts .
move to the Supercuts by going through the Gardner House
move to the Hillel House by going through the John Hay Library
move to the Brown Bear by going through the Biomedical Center
move to the Supercuts by going through the Hughes Court
move to the New Pembroke 1 by going through the J.W. Wilson
move to the Maxcy Hall by going through the Pleasant Surprises
move to the Slavery Memorial by going through the Miller Hall
move to the Andrews Hall by going through the Swearer Center for Public Service
move to the 219 Bowen by going through the William Goddard Memorial Gate
move to the Marston Hall by going through the Andrews Terrace
move to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building by going through the Brown Center for Students of Color
move to the New Pembroke 1 by going through the Campus Market
move to the Champlin Hall by going through the Walter Hall
move to the John Carter Brown Library by going through the CVS
go to the Barus Building through the Pembroke Hall
go to the Sears through the Soban
go to the Sharpe House through the Walter Hall
go to the Prince Engineering Lab through the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building
go to the Morriss Hall through the Sayles Hall
go to the Andrews Terrace through the William Goddard Memorial Gate
go to the New Pembroke 2 through the War Memorial
go to the New Pembroke 4 through the Kassar House
go to the Granoff Center through the The Ivy Room
go to the Starbucks through the College Hill Bookstore
go to the Manning through the 111 Brown Street North House
go to the CVS through the Salomon Center for Teaching
go to the Granoff Center through the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall
go to the Morriss Hall through the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ
go to the Berk's;Shanghai through the Littlefield Hall
go to the Peter Green House through the J.W. Wilson
go to the CVS through the Lot 17
go to the Hughes Court through the New Pembroke 3
go to the Simmons Quadrangle through the Meeting Street Cafe
go to the New Pembroke 2 through the Slavery Memorial .
go to the BERT through the East Side Station Post Office .
go to the Casey Shearer Memorial through the Spiritus Fermenti .
go to the Alumnae Hall through the Urban Environmental Lab .
go to the Emery Hall through the Robinson Gate .
go to the Alumnae Hall through the War Memorial .
go to the Pembroke Park through the Maxcy Green .
go to the Casey Shearer Memorial through the Peter Green House .
go to the Slavery Memorial through the Second Time Around .
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ through the New Pembroke 3 .
go to the Salon Persia through the Class of 1887 Gate .
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall through the John Hay Library .
go to the P-131317 through the CVS .
go to the Urban Environmental Lab through the J. R. Workman Garden .
go to the Idee di pietra through the Blue State Coffee .
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ , then go to the Granoff Center .
go to the 67 George , then go to the Berk's;Shanghai .
go to the New Pembroke 2 , then go to the Rockefeller Library .
go to the Lot 17 , then go to the Thayer and Cushing .
go to the Emery & Wooley , then go to the Robinson Hall .
go to the 86 Waterman  , then go to the Second Time Around .
go to the 86 Waterman  , then go to the 111 Brown Street North House .
go to the Minden Hall , then go to the J. R. Workman Garden .
go to the Smith Buonanno Hall , then go to the Sears .
go to the Soban , then go to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to the Wriston Quad , then go to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to the J. R. Workman Garden , then go to the 67 George .
go to the Van Wickle Gates , then go to the Andrews Terrace .
go to the Blue State Coffee , then go to the Faunce House .
go to the Arnold Laboratory , then go to the J. R. Workman Garden .
go to the Emery Hall , then go to the Littlefield Hall .
go to the West House , then go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to the Metcalf Research Building via the Second Time Around .
go to the Avon Cinema via the Citizen's Bank .
go to the Sharpe House via the Marston Hall .
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority via the Emery & Wooley .
go to the West House via the Starbucks .
go to the Wilbour Hall via the Salon Persia .
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching via the Salon Persia .
go to the Salon Persia via the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop via the Champlin Hall .
go to the Wriston Quad via the Emery & Wooley .
go to the Sharpe House via the Sayles Hall .
go to the Thayer and Meeting via the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Robinson Gate via the Biomedical Center .
go to the Pembroke Park via the Robinson Hall .
go to the Biomedical Center via the Barus Building .
go to the Miller Hall via the Sears .
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate via the Alumnae Hall .
pass through the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building on your way to the 86 Waterman  .
pass through the New Pembroke 3 on your way to the Maxcy Hall .
pass through the Lot 18 on your way to the College Hill Bookstore .
pass through the Sharpe House on your way to the Wayland .
pass through the Lippit House on your way to the East Side Station Post Office .
pass through the Brown Bear on your way to the East Side Station Post Office .
pass through the Avon Cinema on your way to the Campus Market .
pass through the Quiet Green on your way to the Pembroke Hall .
pass through the 111 Brown Street North House on your way to the Slater Hall .
pass through the 111 Brown Street North House on your way to the Lippit House .
pass through the Prospect House on your way to the Pembroke Hall .
pass through the Facing Thayer on your way to the War Memorial .
pass through the Verney-Woolley Hall on your way to the Marston Hall .
pass through the Circle Dance Sculpture on your way to the Second Time Around .
pass through the Meeting Street Cafe on your way to the Hughes Court .
pass through the Peter Green House on your way to the Mencoff Hall .
pass through the Saint Stephens Church on your way to the Brown University Bookstore .
pass through the Maxcy Green on your way to the 219 Bowen .
pass through the Wayland on your way to the New Pembroke 4 .
pass through the Soban on your way to the John Carter Brown Library .
navigate to the Blue Room through the Granoff Center .
navigate to the Hillel House through the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
navigate to the Pembroke Hall through the Campus Market .
navigate to the Lot 18 through the Berk's;Shanghai .
navigate to the Caswell Hall through the Berk's;Shanghai .
navigate to the Alumnae Hall through the Marston Hall .
navigate to the Mencoff Hall through the Soban .
navigate to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority through the Andrews Terrace .
navigate to the Emery Hall through the War Memorial .
navigate to the Sidney Frank Hall through the The Ivy Room .
navigate to the Medical Research Lab through the Soban .
navigate to the Emery & Wooley through the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go through the Morriss Hall to the Walter Hall .
go through the Soldiers Memorial Gate to the Andrews Hall .
go through the John Hay Library to the 219 Bowen .
go through the Van Wickle Gates to the Supercuts .
go through the Wriston Quad to the Andreas .
go through the Circle Dance Sculpture to the Pembroke Hall .
go through the Hope College to the Granoff Center .
go through the P-131317 to the Thayer and Cushing .
go through the Hillel House to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go through the Lyman Hall to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
go through the Brown Bear to the Verney-Woolley Hall .
go through the Thayer and Cushing to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go through the Pleasant Surprises to the Carrie Tower .
go through the Slavery Memorial to the 111 Brown Street North House .
go through the Class of 1887 Gate to the Andrews Hall .
go through the Emery & Wooley to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
go through the Miller Hall to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go through the William Goddard Memorial Gate to the Blue State Coffee .
go through the 67 George to the Hillel House .
go through the Marston Hall to the College Hill Bookstore .
go through the Rhode Island Hall to the Metcalf Hall .
go through the Citizen's Bank to the New Pembroke 2 .
go through the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall to the Biomedical Center .
go through the Sidney Frank Hall to the 86 Waterman  .
go through the Metcalf Research Building to the Pembroke Hall .
go through the John Carter Brown Library to the Supercuts .
go through the The Ivy Room to the 111 Brown Street North House .
go through the Andrews Hall to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go through the Metcalf Hall to the Rhode Island Hall .
go through the Sharpe House to the Carrie Tower .
go through the Metcalf Research Building to the Supercuts .
avoid 219 Bowen and go to Brown Bear .
avoid Starbucks and go to Sharpe House .
avoid Sayles Hall and go to Soban .
avoid New Pembroke 3 and go to Van Wickle Gates .
avoid Sidney Frank Hall and go to Horace Mann House .
avoid Walter Hall and go to Pembroke Hall .
avoid Smith Buonanno Hall and go to Campus Market .
avoid Pembroke Park and go to Prince Engineering Lab .
avoid Biomedical Center and go to Sharpe Refectory .
avoid Sayles Hall and go to CVS .
avoid Second Time Around and go to Carrie Tower .
avoid Andrews Terrace and go to Mencoff Hall .
avoid 219 Bowen and go to John Hay Library .
avoid Simmons Quadrangle and go to Sidney Frank Hall .
avoid Brown University Bookstore and go to Brown Bear .
avoid Biomedical Center and go to Sears .
avoid Andrews Terrace and go to The Ivy Room .
avoid Blue State Coffee and go to Swearer Center for Public Service .
avoid 219 Bowen and go to Robinson Hall .
avoid Manning and go to Granoff Center .
avoid Lot 18 and go to Andrews Terrace .
avoid 111 Brown Street North House and go to Horace Mann House .
avoid Metcalf Research Building and go to Verney-Woolley Hall .
avoid Saint Stephens Church and go to Hillel House .
avoid 86 Waterman  and go to Second Time Around .
avoid Prospect House and go to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
avoid West House and go to 86 Waterman  .
avoid Maxcy Hall and go to New Pembroke 2 .
avoid East Side Station Post Office and go to Norwood House .
avoid Facing Thayer and go to Hughes Court .
go to Carrie Tower while avoiding Berk's;Shanghai
go to Lot 17 while avoiding Pleasant Surprises
go to Brown University Bookstore while avoiding Slavery Memorial
go to Citizen's Bank while avoiding Metcalf Hall
go to J. R. Workman Garden while avoiding Untitled Lamp/Bear
go to Berk's;Shanghai while avoiding BERT
go to College Hill Bookstore while avoiding The Ivy Room
go to J.W. Wilson while avoiding Biomedical Center
go to Metcalf Research Building while avoiding Supercuts
go to Lippit House while avoiding Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building
go to Blue Room while avoiding West House
go to Slater Hall while avoiding Second Time Around
go to Emery & Wooley while avoiding J.W. Wilson
go to Horace Mann House while avoiding Berk's;Shanghai
always avoid the Slavery Memorial and travel to New Pembroke 3 .
always avoid the Blue Room and travel to Thayer and Cushing .
always avoid the Smith Buonanno Hall and travel to Lot 17 .
always avoid the Brown University and travel to Second Time Around .
always avoid the Lyman Hall and travel to Emery & Wooley .
always avoid the Simmons Quadrangle and travel to 219 Bowen .
always avoid the New Pembroke 1 and travel to Lincoln Field Building .
always avoid the P-131317 and travel to East Side Station Post Office .
always avoid the Faunce House and travel to Sidney Frank Hall .
always avoid the College Hill Bookstore and travel to Class of 1872 Gate .
always avoid the Salon Persia and travel to John Nicholas Brown Gate .
always avoid the Soldiers Memorial Gate and travel to Pleasant Surprises .
always avoid the Pembroke Hall and travel to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
always avoid the Citizen's Bank and travel to Metcalf Hall .
always avoid the Norwood House and travel to Brown University Bookstore .
always avoid the Blue Room and travel to West House .
always avoid the Pembroke Hall and travel to John Carter Brown Library .
always avoid the Hughes Court and travel to Brown University Bookstore .
always avoid the Emery & Wooley and travel to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
do not go to New Pembroke 4 until going to Prince Engineering Lab
do not go to Sears until going to College Hill Bookstore
do not go to Prince Engineering Lab until going to Alumnae Hall
do not go to 86 Waterman  until going to Sidney Frank Hall
do not go to Meeting Street Cafe until going to Lot 17
do not go to Simmons Quadrangle until going to Sidney Frank Hall
do not go to Sidney Frank Hall until going to Lot 76
do not go to 164 Angel until going to Sears
do not go to Second Time Around until going to Salomon Center for Teaching
do not go to Casey Shearer Memorial until going to Peter Green House
do not go to Metcalf Hall until going to Lot 18
do not go to Maddock Alumni  until going to Smith Buonanno Hall
do not go to Blue State Coffee until going to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall
do not go to Brown University Bookstore until going to Saint Stephens Church
avoid Emery & Wooley and go to Wilbour Hall .
avoid Hegeman and go to Thayer and Meeting .
avoid Berk's;Shanghai and go to Wayland .
avoid 111 Brown Street North House and go to Rockefeller Library .
avoid Verney-Woolley Hall and go to John Carter Brown Library .
avoid Van Wickle Gates and go to Miller Hall .
avoid Lippit House and go to Brown University Bookstore .
avoid College Hill Bookstore and go to 86 Waterman  .
avoid Marcus Aurelius and go to J. R. Workman Garden .
avoid 164 Angel and go to Medical Research Lab .
avoid Smith Buonanno Hall and go to Sharpe Refectory .
avoid Idee di pietra and go to Peter Green House .
always avoid Biomedical Center and go to Gardner House
always avoid Untitled Lamp/Bear and go to 111 Brown Street North House
always avoid Metcalf Hall and go to Sharpe Refectory
always avoid John Carter Brown Library and go to Andrews Terrace
always avoid Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building and go to Littlefield Hall
always avoid Van Wickle Gates and go to Thayer and Cushing
always avoid Hillel House and go to Hughes Court
always avoid Sharpe Refectory and go to Morriss Hall
always avoid Minden Hall and go to Avon Cinema
always avoid Van Wickle Gates and go to Berk's;Shanghai
always avoid Lot 76 and go to Sidney Frank Hall
always avoid CVS and go to Van Wickle Gates
always avoid Granoff Center and go to Brown University Sciences Library
always avoid Brown Center for Students of Color and go to Berk's;Shanghai
always avoid Emery & Wooley and go to Soldiers Memorial Gate
always avoid West House and go to Brown Bear
always avoid Peter Green House and go to 67 George
always avoid Andrews Terrace , and navigate to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
always avoid Brown University , and navigate to Emery & Wooley .
always avoid Berk's;Shanghai , and navigate to Urban Environmental Lab .
always avoid Watson Center for Information Technology , and navigate to Sidney Frank Hall .
always avoid Facing Thayer , and navigate to Van Wickle Gates .
always avoid Sears , and navigate to 164 Angel .
always avoid Rhode Island Hall , and navigate to 164 Angel .
always avoid Blue State Coffee , and navigate to Class of 1887 Gate .
always avoid The Ivy Room , and navigate to Biomedical Center .
always avoid College Hill Bookstore , and navigate to Saint Stephens Church .
always avoid Friedman Hall , and navigate to Sidney Frank Hall .
always avoid Prospect House , and navigate to Pleasant Surprises .
always avoid 164 Angel and navigate to Rockefeller Library .
always avoid John Carter Brown Library and navigate to Sidney Frank Hall .
always avoid Blue State Coffee and navigate to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
always avoid Finlandia and navigate to Peter Green House .
always avoid Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building and navigate to John Nicholas Brown Gate .
always avoid Andrews Hall and navigate to William Goddard Memorial Gate .
always avoid Littlefield Hall and navigate to New Pembroke 2 .
always avoid Saint Stephens Church and navigate to Andreas .
always avoid Smith Buonanno Hall and navigate to Metcalf Research Building .
always avoid Sharpe Refectory and navigate to Sharpe House .
always avoid The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ and navigate to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
always avoid Caswell Hall and navigate to West House .
always avoid Arnold Laboratory and navigate to Hillel House .
always avoid Saint Stephens Church and navigate to Miller Hall .
avoid Manning and go to 219 Bowen .
avoid Meeting Street Cafe and go to Robinson Gate .
avoid Smith Buonanno Hall and go to Prince Engineering Lab .
avoid Spiritus Fermenti and go to Circle Dance Sculpture .
avoid Meeting Street Cafe and go to Faunce House .
avoid Finlandia and go to Metcalf Hall .
avoid 164 Angel and go to Brown Center for Students of Color .
avoid 219 Bowen and go to Van Wickle Gates .
avoid Berk's;Shanghai and go to 67 George .
avoid 67 George and go to Hillel House .
avoid Second Time Around and go to Brown University .
avoid 67 George and go to Metcalf Hall .
avoid Prince Engineering Lab and go to Second Time Around .
avoid Blue State Coffee and go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
avoid Saint Stephens Church and go to Champlin Hall .
avoid Barus Building and go to CVS .
avoid Sidney Frank Hall while traveling to Prince Engineering Lab .
avoid Walter Hall while traveling to Supercuts .
avoid Robinson Gate while traveling to New Pembroke 2 .
avoid Miller Hall while traveling to Untitled Lamp/Bear .
avoid Pembroke Park while traveling to Kassar House .
avoid Van Wickle Gates while traveling to J. R. Workman Garden .
avoid Thayer and Meeting while traveling to Campus Market .
avoid 164 Angel while traveling to Saint Stephens Church .
avoid Saint Stephens Church while traveling to Andrews Terrace .
avoid Prospect House while traveling to Meeting Street Cafe .
avoid Soban while traveling to Brown Center for Students of Color .
avoid 111 Brown Street North House while traveling to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
avoid Avon Cinema while traveling to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
avoid Andrews Terrace while traveling to Mencoff Hall .
avoid Shirley Miller House while traveling to Soban .
avoid Soban while traveling to Wriston Quad .
always avoid John Carter Brown Library and go to Biomedical Center .
always avoid Brown University Sciences Library and go to Verney-Woolley Hall .
always avoid CVS and go to Class of 1872 Gate .
always avoid Thayer and Cushing and go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
always avoid Brown University Bookstore and go to Lincoln Field Building .
always avoid Rockefeller Library and go to Thayer and Cushing .
always avoid Sears and go to Alumnae Hall .
always avoid GeoChem and Macmillian Hall and go to Facing Thayer .
always avoid Supercuts and go to Hegeman .
always avoid Carrie Tower and go to Biomedical Center .
always avoid Emery & Wooley and go to Medical Research Lab .
always avoid College Green and go to Pembroke Park .
always avoid Lyman Hall and go to Peter Green House .
avoid Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop , and go to 164 Angel .
avoid Starbucks , and go to East Side Station Post Office .
avoid Thayer and Cushing , and go to Rhode Island Hall .
avoid Manning , and go to Hillel House .
avoid Second Time Around , and go to University Hall .
avoid Brown University Bookstore , and go to Simmons Quadrangle .
avoid Morriss Hall , and go to John Nicholas Brown Gate .
avoid The Ivy Room , and go to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
avoid Minden Hall , and go to Avon Cinema .
avoid Maxcy Green , and go to West House .
avoid Soldiers Memorial Gate , and go to New Pembroke 2 .
avoid Norwood House , and go to Soban .
avoid Lippit House , and go to Andreas .
avoid Smith Buonanno Hall , and go to John Hay Library .
avoid Avon Cinema , and go to Manning .
avoid War Memorial , and go to Hillel House .
go to Friedman Hall but always stay away from Meeting Street Cafe .
go to Urban Environmental Lab but always stay away from Andrews Terrace .
go to Circle Dance Sculpture but always stay away from Thayer and Cushing .
go to Horace Mann House but always stay away from Andrews Terrace .
go to Thayer and Cushing but always stay away from Caswell Hall .
go to Thayer and Cushing but always stay away from Littlefield Hall .
go to Wayland but always stay away from Supercuts .
go to CVS but always stay away from John Hay Library .
go to William Goddard Memorial Gate but always stay away from Thayer and Cushing .
go to Robinson Gate but always stay away from Sidney Frank Hall .
go to BERT but always stay away from New Pembroke 2 .
go to Verney-Woolley Hall but always stay away from John Carter Brown Library .
go to Emery Hall but always stay away from Urban Environmental Lab .
go to Citizen's Bank but always stay away from Sidney Frank Hall .
go to Citizen's Bank but always stay away from Sidney Frank Hall .
go to Granoff Center but always stay away from Marston Hall .
go to Salomon Center for Teaching but always stay away from Thayer and Meeting .
go to 111 Brown Street North House but always stay away from Norwood House .
go to Verney-Woolley Hall but always stay away from Wriston Quad .
go to CVS but always stay away from P-131317 .
avoid Metcalf Hall and go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
avoid Salon Persia and go to Idee di pietra .
avoid Emery Hall and go to 67 George .
avoid Wilbour Hall and go to Pembroke Hall .
avoid Untitled Lamp/Bear and go to New Pembroke 4 .
avoid CVS and go to Soldiers Memorial Gate .
avoid Andrews Terrace and go to Sayles Hall .
avoid Alpha Chi Omega Sorority and go to New Pembroke 1 .
avoid John Hay Library and go to Meeting Street Cafe .
avoid East Side Station Post Office and go to Idee di pietra .
avoid Wriston Quad and go to Second Time Around .
avoid Thayer and Cushing and go to Idee di pietra .
avoid Facing Thayer and go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
avoid Lippit House and go to Brown University Bookstore .
avoid Lot 18 and go to Champlin Hall .
avoid Peter Green House and go to Maddock Alumni  .
avoid Norwood House and go to Berk's;Shanghai .
avoid Pembroke Park and go to Brown University Sciences Library .
avoid Hillel House and go to Untitled Lamp/Bear .
avoid Lot 18 and go to J. R. Workman Garden .
always avoid 111 Brown Street North House while going to Shirley Miller House .
always avoid Simmons Quadrangle while going to Thayer and Cushing .
always avoid East Side Station Post Office while going to Sears .
always avoid Brown Bear while going to Morriss Hall .
always avoid Andrews Hall while going to Saint Stephens Church .
always avoid East Side Station Post Office while going to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
always avoid Metcalf Hall while going to Littlefield Hall .
always avoid Lippit House while going to Granoff Center .
always avoid Blue Room while going to Sharpe House .
always avoid Metcalf Hall while going to Carrie Tower .
always avoid West House while going to Soldiers Memorial Gate .
always avoid 67 George while going to Berk's;Shanghai .
always avoid Rhode Island Hall while going to Thayer and Cushing .
always avoid Salomon Center for Teaching while going to Brown University Bookstore .
always avoid Lot 17 while going to Alumnae Hall .
move to Metcalf Research Building but avoid Miller Hall .
move to Granoff Center but avoid List Art Building .
move to John Nicholas Brown Gate but avoid West House .
move to CVS but avoid Quiet Green .
move to Lyman Hall but avoid Thayer and Cushing .
move to Salon Persia but avoid Wayland .
move to Berk's;Shanghai but avoid Maxcy Hall .
move to John Hay Library but avoid Smith Buonanno Hall .
move to Caswell Hall but avoid Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
move to Hughes Court but avoid J. R. Workman Garden .
move to New Pembroke 3 but avoid Van Wickle Gates .
move to Pembroke Park but avoid Caswell Hall .
move to Quiet Green but avoid Salon Persia .
move to Hillel House but avoid Circle Dance Sculpture .
move to New Pembroke 1 but avoid Shirley Miller House .
move to Minden Hall but avoid Soban .
move to Van Wickle Gates but avoid Blue State Coffee .
avoid Sharpe Refectory and proceed to Blue State Coffee
avoid Lot 17 and proceed to Sidney Frank Hall
avoid Brown Center for Students of Color and proceed to Meeting Street Cafe
avoid College Green and proceed to New Pembroke 3
avoid John Carter Brown Library and proceed to Meeting Street Cafe
avoid New Pembroke 2 and proceed to Campus Market
avoid New Pembroke 1 and proceed to Wilbour Hall
avoid Prospect House and proceed to Emery Hall
avoid 164 Angel and proceed to John Nicholas Brown Gate
avoid Untitled Lamp/Bear and proceed to J. R. Workman Garden
avoid Miller Hall and proceed to Slavery Memorial
avoid Granoff Center and proceed to Arnold Laboratory
avoid War Memorial and proceed to Smith Buonanno Hall
avoid Facing Thayer and proceed to Medical Research Lab
avoid Hillel House and proceed to Maddock Alumni 
avoid Granoff Center and proceed to Friedman Hall
avoid Prince Engineering Lab and proceed to College Hill Bookstore
go to War Memorial but avoid College Hill Bookstore .
go to Shirley Miller House but avoid New Pembroke 1 .
go to Thayer and Meeting but avoid Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to West House but avoid Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop but avoid Thayer and Cushing .
go to Wayland but avoid Miller Hall .
go to Morriss Hall but avoid University Hall .
go to Watson Center for Information Technology but avoid Thayer and Cushing .
go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences but avoid Miller Hall .
go to J. R. Workman Garden but avoid Norwood House .
go to Facing Thayer but avoid Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to Van Wickle Gates but avoid Berk's;Shanghai .
go to Pembroke Park but avoid List Art Building .
go to Rhode Island Hall but avoid Biomedical Center .
go to Rockefeller Library but always avoid Peter Green House .
go to East Side Station Post Office but always avoid Sears .
go to Sidney Frank Hall but always avoid Maxcy Hall .
go to Second Time Around but always avoid Friedman Hall .
go to Champlin Hall but always avoid Littlefield Hall .
go to Meeting Street Cafe but always avoid John Hay Library .
go to BERT but always avoid Spiritus Fermenti .
go to Andrews Hall but always avoid P-131317 .
go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences but always avoid Sidney Frank Hall .
go to Andrews Hall but always avoid Littlefield Hall .
go to Andrews Hall but always avoid Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to Swearer Center for Public Service but always avoid Granoff Center .
avoid Emery & Wooley and go to Hegeman .
avoid Sidney Frank Hall and go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
avoid Wilbour Hall and go to New Pembroke 1 .
avoid Alumnae Hall and go to Littlefield Hall .
avoid Mencoff Hall and go to Emery Hall .
avoid Smith Buonanno Hall and go to Wayland .
avoid Miller Hall and go to 86 Waterman  .
avoid Hope College and go to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
avoid Quiet Green and go to Sidney Frank Hall .
avoid Salon Persia and go to 86 Waterman  .
avoid New Pembroke 1 and go to Brown University .
avoid East Side Station Post Office and go to Class of 1872 Gate .
avoid Lot 18 and go to Peter Green House .
avoid Shirley Miller House and go to Meeting Street Cafe .
avoid Norwood House and go to Brown University Bookstore .
avoid Brown Bear and go to Supercuts .
navigate to New Pembroke 2 , always avoiding Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
navigate to Wilbour Hall , always avoiding West House .
navigate to Andrews Terrace , always avoiding Wriston Quad .
navigate to New Pembroke 3 , always avoiding Prince Engineering Lab .
navigate to William Goddard Memorial Gate , always avoiding Facing Thayer .
navigate to John Nicholas Brown Gate , always avoiding Facing Thayer .
navigate to P-131317 , always avoiding Sidney Frank Hall .
navigate to New Pembroke 2 , always avoiding Maddock Alumni  .
navigate to Brown University , always avoiding Morriss Hall .
navigate to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate , always avoiding Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
navigate to Wayland , always avoiding J. R. Workman Garden .
navigate to Spiritus Fermenti , always avoiding 67 George .
navigate to Blue State Coffee , always avoiding Brown Bear .
navigate to 111 Brown Street North House , always avoiding Littlefield Hall .
navigate to Spiritus Fermenti , always avoiding Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
navigate to Friedman Hall , always avoiding Blue State Coffee .
navigate to 111 Brown Street North House , always avoiding Maxcy Hall .
navigate to Thayer and Meeting , always avoiding Prospect House .
navigate to Circle Dance Sculpture , always avoiding J. R. Workman Garden .
always avoid Finlandia and go to Verney-Woolley Hall .
always avoid 86 Waterman  and go to Thayer and Meeting .
always avoid Robinson Gate and go to East Side Station Post Office .
always avoid Miller Hall and go to List Art Building .
always avoid Littlefield Hall and go to Thayer and Meeting .
always avoid Pleasant Surprises and go to Lyman Hall .
always avoid Verney-Woolley Hall and go to Brown Center for Students of Color .
always avoid University Hall and go to Sidney Frank Hall .
always avoid Slater Hall and go to Thayer and Cushing .
always avoid Lot 17 and go to CVS .
always avoid Biomedical Center and go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to Biomedical Center without going to P-131317
go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology without going to Facing Thayer
go to Sidney Frank Hall without going to Lyman Hall
go to Idee di pietra without going to Second Time Around
go to Salon Persia without going to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ
go to Rockefeller Library without going to College Hill Bookstore
go to Salon Persia without going to Lyman Hall
go to Emery & Wooley without going to War Memorial
go to Lot 17 without going to Andrews Hall
go to Lot 76 without going to CVS
go to Sears without going to Facing Thayer
go to New Pembroke 4 without going to Shirley Miller House
go to 111 Brown Street North House without going to Urban Environmental Lab
go to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building without going to Metcalf Research Building
avoid Biomedical Center while navigating to Shirley Miller House .
avoid Alumnae Hall while navigating to Horace Mann House .
avoid Sharpe House while navigating to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
avoid Caswell Hall while navigating to Blue State Coffee .
avoid Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building while navigating to Shirley Miller House .
avoid Starbucks while navigating to Avon Cinema .
avoid Emery & Wooley while navigating to Littlefield Hall .
avoid Arnold Laboratory while navigating to Alumnae Hall .
avoid Medical Research Lab while navigating to Andrews Terrace .
avoid Andrews Hall while navigating to Lyman Hall .
avoid Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity while navigating to Emery Hall .
avoid Brown University Bookstore while navigating to Medical Research Lab .
avoid CVS while navigating to Faunce House .
avoid War Memorial while navigating to West House .
avoid P-131317 while navigating to Meeting Street Cafe .
avoid Starbucks while navigating to Thayer and Meeting .
avoid New Pembroke 1 while navigating to Prince Engineering Lab .
avoid Thayer and Cushing while navigating to Class of 1872 Gate .
avoid Soldiers Memorial Gate while navigating to College Hill Bookstore .
avoid Sidney Frank Hall while navigating to 86 Waterman  .
move to Thayer and Cushing but avoid Lyman Hall .
move to Miller Hall but avoid Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
move to Rockefeller Library but avoid Andrews Terrace .
move to Rockefeller Library but avoid Emery & Wooley .
move to Alumnae Hall but avoid Metcalf Research Building .
move to Avon Cinema but avoid Circle Dance Sculpture .
move to 164 Angel but avoid Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
move to Medical Research Lab but avoid Emery Hall .
move to Marcus Aurelius but avoid West House .
move to Andrews Hall but avoid Brown Bear .
move to Soban but avoid Untitled Lamp/Bear .
move to Friedman Hall but avoid Andreas .
move to Sidney Frank Hall but avoid Slater Hall .
move to West House but avoid Soldiers Memorial Gate .
move to Campus Market but avoid New Pembroke 2 .
move to Andreas but avoid Lot 17 .
move to Pembroke Park but avoid Swearer Center for Public Service .
move to Wayland but avoid New Pembroke 4 .
always avoid Miller Hall and go to Untitled Lamp/Bear .
always avoid Supercuts and go to Starbucks .
always avoid Sears and go to Pleasant Surprises .
always avoid GeoChem and Macmillian Hall and go to Thayer and Meeting .
always avoid Marcus Aurelius and go to New Pembroke 1 .
always avoid Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences and go to Supercuts .
always avoid Spiritus Fermenti and go to Class of 1887 Gate .
always avoid Brown Bear and go to Avon Cinema .
always avoid Horace Mann House and go to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
always avoid East Side Station Post Office and go to Quiet Green .
always avoid Caswell Hall and go to West House .
always avoid Champlin Hall and go to BERT .
always avoid Meeting Street Cafe and go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
always avoid GeoChem and Macmillian Hall and go to Verney-Woolley Hall .
always avoid Kassar House and go to West House .
always avoid Sayles Hall and go to Andreas .
always avoid Horace Mann House and go to Smith Buonanno Hall .
always avoid Van Wickle Gates and go to Berk's;Shanghai .
always avoid Andrews Terrace and go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
always avoid Peter Green House and go to 67 George .
avoid Friedman Hall and go to Sidney Frank Hall .
avoid Sidney Frank Hall and go to Slavery Memorial .
avoid Wilbour Hall and go to College Hill Bookstore .
avoid College Hill Bookstore and go to John Hay Library .
avoid Brown University and go to College Hill Bookstore .
avoid Second Time Around and go to Lippit House .
avoid New Pembroke 3 and go to J.W. Wilson .
avoid Soldiers Memorial Gate and go to West House .
avoid Emery Hall and go to Wriston Quad .
avoid Blue State Coffee and go to Finlandia .
avoid 111 Brown Street North House and go to Hughes Court .
go to the Circle Dance Sculpture via Verney-Woolley Hall .
go to the J. R. Workman Garden via Lippit House .
go to the Andrews Hall via Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to the 86 Waterman  via East Side Station Post Office .
go to the J.W. Wilson via West House .
go to the 219 Bowen via Finlandia .
go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building via Lot 76 .
go to the Emery Hall via Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority via J. R. Workman Garden .
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity via Hillel House .
go to the Marcus Aurelius via Salon Persia .
go to the West House via Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to the Rockefeller Library via New Pembroke 2 .
go to the Emery Hall via Rhode Island Hall .
go to the Blue Room via Biomedical Center .
go to the Swearer Center for Public Service via Emery & Wooley .
go to the Soban via College Green .
go through Pembroke Park to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go through Finlandia to the New Pembroke 1 .
go through Lyman Hall to the Sharpe House .
go through William Goddard Memorial Gate to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go through Sharpe House to the Kassar House .
go through Verney-Woolley Hall to the Lippit House .
go through Spiritus Fermenti to the BERT .
go through Second Time Around to the John Carter Brown Library .
go through Campus Market to the Andreas .
go through Kassar House to the Spiritus Fermenti .
go through Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop to the J. R. Workman Garden .
go through Andreas to the Campus Market .
go through Smith Buonanno Hall to the Friedman Hall .
go through Supercuts to the Wilbour Hall .
go to the CVS through Shirley Miller House
go to the Maxcy Green through Salon Persia
go to the Miller Hall through Friedman Hall
go to the Quiet Green through Thayer and Cushing
go to the Gardner House through Supercuts
go to the Spiritus Fermenti through Caswell Hall
go to the Medical Research Lab through Berk's;Shanghai
go to the Sharpe Refectory through Pembroke Hall
go to the Sayles Hall through Soban
go to the Pembroke Park through John Nicholas Brown Gate
go to the The Ivy Room through Second Time Around
go to the 164 Angel through Minden Hall
go through Wayland before going to the New Pembroke 2 .
go through Berk's;Shanghai before going to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go through Slater Hall before going to the Thayer and Cushing .
go through 219 Bowen before going to the Rhode Island Hall .
go through J.W. Wilson before going to the West House .
go through Granoff Center before going to the Brown Bear .
go through Soban before going to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go through Salomon Center for Teaching before going to the Andrews Terrace .
go through Pembroke Hall before going to the Littlefield Hall .
go through Thayer and Cushing before going to the Citizen's Bank .
go through Pembroke Hall before going to the Wayland .
go through East Side Station Post Office before going to the Norwood House .
go through Hughes Court before going to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
go through Quiet Green before going to the Alumnae Hall .
go through Gardner House before going to the Facing Thayer .
go through Pembroke Park before going to the Faunce House .
go through Norwood House before going to the Andrews Terrace .
go through Barus Building before going to the Emery Hall .
go through Miller Hall before going to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
move to the Andrews Terrace but go through Carrie Tower first .
move to the Pleasant Surprises but go through Brown Center for Students of Color first .
move to the Robinson Hall but go through Alumnae Hall first .
move to the Walter Hall but go through New Pembroke 1 first .
move to the Salomon Center for Teaching but go through Emery Hall first .
move to the Spiritus Fermenti but go through Hegeman first .
move to the Brown Bear but go through New Pembroke 1 first .
move to the Miller Hall but go through The Ivy Room first .
move to the Emery Hall but go through College Green first .
move to the Lot 18 but go through Sidney Frank Hall first .
move to the New Pembroke 2 but go through Quiet Green first .
move to the Mencoff Hall but go through Berk's;Shanghai first .
move to the West House but go through Rockefeller Library first .
move to the Alumnae Hall but go through War Memorial first .
move to the William Goddard Memorial Gate but go through Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building first .
navigate through 86 Waterman  to the Alumnae Hall .
navigate through Manning to the 219 Bowen .
navigate through University Hall to the Morriss Hall .
navigate through Morgan Witter Rogers Gate to the Blue State Coffee .
navigate through University Hall to the East Side Station Post Office .
navigate through Alpha Chi Omega Sorority to the Hillel House .
navigate through Rhode Island Hall to the Avon Cinema .
navigate through Manning to the 219 Bowen .
navigate through 219 Bowen to the Brown Bear .
navigate through Minden Hall to the Spiritus Fermenti .
navigate through Emery & Wooley to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
navigate through Maxcy Hall to the Thayer and Meeting .
navigate through Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop to the East Side Station Post Office .
navigate through New Pembroke 2 to the Robinson Gate .
navigate through Salon Persia to the Van Wickle Gates .
navigate through Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building to the Idee di pietra .
navigate through P-131317 to the New Pembroke 2 .
go to Champlin Hall and then go to the Robinson Hall .
go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology and then go to the East Side Station Post Office .
go to 164 Angel and then go to the Sears .
go to Sharpe Refectory and then go to the Pleasant Surprises .
go to Shirley Miller House and then go to the New Pembroke 1 .
go to Brown University Sciences Library and then go to the Facing Thayer .
go to Arnold Laboratory and then go to the Spiritus Fermenti .
go to Sharpe Refectory and then go to the Pleasant Surprises .
go to John Hay Library and then go to the Hillel House .
go to Wriston Quad and then go to the Blue State Coffee .
go to West House and then go to the Simmons Quadrangle .
go to Brown Bear and then go to the Andrews Hall .
go to Sidney Frank Hall and then go to the Faunce House .
go to Verney-Woolley Hall and then go to the Lincoln Field Building .
go to Metcalf Hall and then go to the Metcalf Research Building .
go to Hegeman and then go to the 111 Brown Street North House .
go to Robinson Hall and then go to the Berk's;Shanghai .
go to Lippit House and then go to the College Hill Bookstore .
go to Finlandia and then go to the Meeting Street Cafe .
go to Robinson Gate and then go to the College Hill Bookstore .
go to William Goddard Memorial Gate and then go to the 219 Bowen .
go to Walter Hall and then go to the Emery & Wooley .
go to New Pembroke 3 and then go to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall through Wilbour Hall .
go to the Hegeman through Hillel House .
go to the J.W. Wilson through Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall through GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to the New Pembroke 3 through J.W. Wilson .
go to the Slater Hall through J. R. Workman Garden .
go to the CVS through War Memorial .
go to the Metcalf Hall through Littlefield Hall .
go to the Miller Hall through Robinson Gate .
go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear through Andreas .
go to the Rockefeller Library through J. R. Workman Garden .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall through Faunce House .
move to the The Ivy Room , travelling through Andrews Hall .
move to the Second Time Around , travelling through Casey Shearer Memorial .
move to the Peter Green House , travelling through Hughes Court .
move to the Brown University Bookstore , travelling through Idee di pietra .
move to the Urban Environmental Lab , travelling through Pembroke Hall .
move to the Rockefeller Library , travelling through Thayer and Meeting .
move to the Urban Environmental Lab , travelling through Berk's;Shanghai .
move to the Rhode Island Hall , travelling through Andreas .
move to the War Memorial , travelling through Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
move to the College Hill Bookstore , travelling through William Goddard Memorial Gate .
move to the Citizen's Bank , travelling through Morriss Hall .
move to the BERT , travelling through Thayer and Cushing .
move to the Verney-Woolley Hall , travelling through Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
move to the Littlefield Hall , travelling through Andrews Hall .
move to the Citizen's Bank , travelling through 219 Bowen .
move to the Horace Mann House , travelling through West House .
move to the Champlin Hall , travelling through Robinson Hall .
move to the Barus Building , travelling through Metcalf Hall .
pass through Salomon Center for Teaching before going to the Emery Hall .
pass through Mencoff Hall before going to the 111 Brown Street North House .
pass through West House before going to the Finlandia .
pass through Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences before going to the West House .
pass through Sidney Frank Hall before going to the Van Wickle Gates .
pass through Idee di pietra before going to the Emery Hall .
pass through Van Wickle Gates before going to the Emery & Wooley .
pass through Emery Hall before going to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
pass through Lippit House before going to the Miller Hall .
pass through Biomedical Center before going to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
pass through Littlefield Hall before going to the Pembroke Park .
pass through College Hill Bookstore before going to the Faunce House .
pass through West House before going to the Class of 1887 Gate .
pass through Biomedical Center before going to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
pass through Metcalf Hall on your way to the Campus Market .
pass through The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ on your way to the Andreas .
pass through Supercuts on your way to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
pass through BERT on your way to the Brown University Bookstore .
pass through Prospect House on your way to the Berk's;Shanghai .
pass through Lot 18 on your way to the East Side Station Post Office .
pass through Slavery Memorial on your way to the Spiritus Fermenti .
pass through Brown Bear on your way to the 111 Brown Street North House .
pass through Facing Thayer on your way to the Prince Engineering Lab .
pass through Medical Research Lab on your way to the Pleasant Surprises .
pass through Norwood House on your way to the Miller Hall .
pass through Sears on your way to the Supercuts .
pass through Wayland on your way to the Blue State Coffee .
pass through Emery Hall on your way to the Lippit House .
pass through Berk's;Shanghai on your way to the Lyman Hall .
go through Circle Dance Sculpture and then to the Hillel House .
go through Lot 18 and then to the New Pembroke 2 .
go through New Pembroke 4 and then to the Wayland .
go through 67 George and then to the Emery Hall .
go through Blue Room and then to the 219 Bowen .
go through Andrews Terrace and then to the Sears .
go through Morriss Hall and then to the Quiet Green .
go through Hope College and then to the Spiritus Fermenti .
go through Avon Cinema and then to the 67 George .
go through Casey Shearer Memorial and then to the Blue State Coffee .
go through Smith Buonanno Hall and then to the Maxcy Hall .
go through Arnold Laboratory and then to the 164 Angel .
go through Pembroke Hall and then to the Wayland .
go through Emery & Wooley to the List Art Building .
go through New Pembroke 2 to the Manning .
go through Van Wickle Gates to the Morriss Hall .
go through Van Wickle Gates to the Salon Persia .
go through Littlefield Hall to the East Side Station Post Office .
go through Pembroke Hall to the University Hall .
go through Facing Thayer to the Maxcy Green .
go through Lincoln Field Building to the Pembroke Park .
go through College Hill Bookstore to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go through Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology to the West House .
go through Kassar House to the Thayer and Cushing .
go through Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity to the Alumnae Hall .
go through Van Wickle Gates to the Alumnae Hall .
go through Andrews Hall to the Campus Market .
go through Rockefeller Library to the Pembroke Hall .
go through Facing Thayer to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go through Hope College to the Facing Thayer .
go through Blue Room to the New Pembroke 3 .
go through New Pembroke 3 to the Brown University .
go through Soban to the Blue Room .
go through Avon Cinema to the Prospect House .
go through CVS to the Medical Research Lab .
go through Andreas to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go through J.W. Wilson to the Thayer and Cushing .
go through Metcalf Research Building to the Sharpe House .
go through Metcalf Hall to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go through Alumnae Hall to the Sears .
go through New Pembroke 1 to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
go through New Pembroke 4 to the Littlefield Hall .
go through Avon Cinema to the Saint Stephens Church .
go through Andrews Terrace to the Metcalf Research Building .
go through 111 Brown Street North House to the Idee di pietra .
go to the College Green by going through Alumnae Hall .
go to the Sayles Hall by going through Second Time Around .
go to the Caswell Hall by going through Avon Cinema .
go to the Lippit House by going through Brown University Bookstore .
go to the Peter Green House by going through Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to the Thayer and Cushing by going through BERT .
go to the Hegeman by going through Meeting Street Cafe .
go to the 219 Bowen by going through Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to the Prospect House by going through Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to the Hillel House by going through Prince Engineering Lab .
go to the University Hall by going through Emery & Wooley .
go to the Lot 17 by going through West House .
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color by going through Biomedical Center .
go to the Citizen's Bank by going through New Pembroke 1 .
go to the West House by going through John Carter Brown Library .
go to the Andreas by going through Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to the West House by going through Maddock Alumni  .
go to the Blue State Coffee by going through Blue Room .
go to the Idee di pietra by going through Second Time Around .
go to the 219 Bowen by going through Maxcy Green .
go to Andreas then go to the The Ivy Room .
go to Alumnae Hall then go to the College Green .
go to Mencoff Hall then go to the East Side Station Post Office .
go to Avon Cinema then go to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to Sidney Frank Hall then go to the Quiet Green .
go to Thayer and Cushing then go to the Manning .
go to New Pembroke 4 then go to the Brown University .
go to Verney-Woolley Hall then go to the War Memorial .
go to Soban then go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to Brown University Sciences Library then go to the College Hill Bookstore .
go to Soldiers Memorial Gate then go to the East Side Station Post Office .
go to Sharpe House then go to the Lincoln Field Building .
go to Finlandia then go to the Facing Thayer .
go to Slavery Memorial then go to the Avon Cinema .
go to the 67 George through 164 Angel .
go to the Miller Hall through William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to the Van Wickle Gates through Miller Hall .
go to the Meeting Street Cafe through Sears .
go to the Spiritus Fermenti through Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to the Brown Bear through Thayer and Meeting .
go to the Pembroke Hall through Idee di pietra .
go to the Van Wickle Gates through Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building .
go to the Casey Shearer Memorial through Smith Buonanno Hall .
go to the Granoff Center through Sayles Hall .
go to the Littlefield Hall through Supercuts .
go to the Swearer Center for Public Service through Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the Sidney Frank Hall through Campus Market .
go to the Quiet Green through 164 Angel .
go to the Class of 1872 Gate through J. R. Workman Garden
go to the Marcus Aurelius through Morriss Hall
go to the College Hill Bookstore through War Memorial
go to the Sidney Frank Hall through Wilbour Hall
go to the Hegeman through East Side Station Post Office
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology through College Hill Bookstore
go to the Second Time Around through Prince Engineering Lab
go to the 111 Brown Street North House through Lincoln Field Building
go to the New Pembroke 4 through GeoChem and Macmillian Hall
go to the Miller Hall through Brown Bear
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate through Smith Buonanno Hall
go to the Sharpe House through Lippit House
go to the 219 Bowen through 67 George
go to the Verney-Woolley Hall through Carrie Tower
go to the Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building through War Memorial
go to the Prince Engineering Lab through Spiritus Fermenti
go through Pembroke Park to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go through Shirley Miller House to the Pembroke Hall .
go through Sidney Frank Hall to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go through Faunce House to the J. R. Workman Garden .
go through Metcalf Hall to the Slater Hall .
go through Smith Buonanno Hall to the Rockefeller Library .
go through The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ to the Metcalf Hall .
go through Prince Engineering Lab to the Spiritus Fermenti .
go through Alumnae Hall to the Wilbour Hall .
go through Berk's;Shanghai to the Wilbour Hall .
go through Brown University to the Facing Thayer .
go through Robinson Hall to the Soban .
go through Brown University Bookstore to the BERT .
go to Mencoff Hall , then head to the Andreas .
go to New Pembroke 1 , then head to the Lyman Hall .
go to East Side Station Post Office , then head to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to Miller Hall , then head to the Littlefield Hall .
go to Emery & Wooley , then head to the Lincoln Field Building .
go to List Art Building , then head to the Pembroke Park .
go to Carrie Tower , then head to the Thayer and Cushing .
go to Facing Thayer , then head to the Carrie Tower .
go to Lot 18 , then head to the 111 Brown Street North House .
go to Emery & Wooley , then head to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to Verney-Woolley Hall , then head to the Friedman Hall .
go to Barus Building , then head to the Granoff Center .
go to Pleasant Surprises , then head to the Arnold Laboratory .
go to Medical Research Lab , then head to the Brown University Bookstore .
go to Pembroke Hall , then head to the Quiet Green .
go to Lot 17 , then head to the Morriss Hall .
go to Berk's;Shanghai , then head to the Horace Mann House .
go to Meeting Street Cafe , then head to the Citizen's Bank .
go to Maxcy Green , then head to the Thayer and Cushing .
go to Supercuts , then head to the John Hay Library .
go to New Pembroke 4 before going to the Maddock Alumni  .
go to Rockefeller Library before going to the Berk's;Shanghai .
go to College Green before going to the Soban .
go to Brown University Bookstore before going to the Gardner House .
go to West House before going to the Faunce House .
go to Lyman Hall before going to the West House .
go to Class of 1872 Gate before going to the Blue State Coffee .
go to Emery Hall before going to the Lyman Hall .
go to Pembroke Park before going to the Brown University Sciences Library .
go to Brown Bear before going to the New Pembroke 3 .
go to University Hall before going to the 219 Bowen .
go to Pembroke Park before going to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop before going to the College Hill Bookstore .
go to West House before going to the Wriston Quad .
go to Mencoff Hall before going to the Soban .
go to Class of 1887 Gate before going to the CVS .
go to New Pembroke 3 before going to the Robinson Hall .
go through Smith Buonanno Hall on your way to the Saint Stephens Church .
go through Casey Shearer Memorial on your way to the Champlin Hall .
go through Salomon Center for Teaching on your way to the New Pembroke 2 .
go through Pleasant Surprises on your way to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go through Gardner House on your way to the Smith Buonanno Hall .
go through Brown University Bookstore on your way to the Brown Bear .
go through Lot 17 on your way to the New Pembroke 3 .
go through Hegeman on your way to the Sharpe House .
go through College Green on your way to the CVS .
go through John Hay Library on your way to the Spiritus Fermenti .
go through Saint Stephens Church on your way to the Andreas .
go through Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology on your way to the 164 Angel .
go through Brown University on your way to the Miller Hall .
go through Hughes Court on your way to the Second Time Around .
go through Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building on your way to the Sayles Hall .
go through John Hay Library on your way to the 164 Angel .
go through Verney-Woolley Hall on your way to the Lot 17 .
go through Wilbour Hall before going to the Supercuts .
go through Medical Research Lab before going to the Andrews Terrace .
go through Brown Center for Students of Color before going to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go through Brown University Sciences Library before going to the Brown University Bookstore .
go through Brown Bear before going to the Andreas .
go through Smith Buonanno Hall before going to the Lot 17 .
go through Swearer Center for Public Service before going to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go through Walter Hall before going to the East Side Station Post Office .
go through Alumnae Hall before going to the Arnold Laboratory .
go through Rhode Island Hall before going to the Pembroke Hall .
go through Sharpe House before going to the Friedman Hall .
go through Meeting Street Cafe before going to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go through Hope College before going to the Alumnae Hall .
go through Andrews Terrace before going to the Brown University Sciences Library .
go through Blue Room before going to the West House .
go through Salomon Center for Teaching before going to the Biomedical Center .
go through Finlandia before going to the Avon Cinema .
go through J.W. Wilson before going to the Sidney Frank Hall .
go to the University Hall through Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building
go to the Slater Hall through 219 Bowen
go to the Marston Hall through Emery Hall
go to the Robinson Hall through Meeting Street Cafe
go to the Champlin Hall through Van Wickle Gates
go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear through New Pembroke 2
go to the Minden Hall through Brown University Bookstore
go to the College Green through Supercuts
go to the Sidney Frank Hall through Slater Hall
go to the Lot 76 through Peter Green House
go to the Thayer and Meeting through University Hall
go to the War Memorial through Andreas
go to the List Art Building through Alumnae Hall
go to West House before navigating to the Walter Hall .
go to Grimshaw-Gudewicz Biomedical Building before navigating to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to Champlin Hall before navigating to the Faunce House .
go to Simmons Quadrangle before navigating to the Alumnae Hall .
go to Metcalf Research Building before navigating to the Meeting Street Cafe .
go to Sidney Frank Hall before navigating to the John Hay Library .
go to Biomedical Center before navigating to the Friedman Hall .
go to Lot 17 before navigating to the Metcalf Hall .
go to Hillel House before navigating to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to Smith Buonanno Hall before navigating to the Robinson Hall .