get to Blue Room , while avoiding The Ivy Room
get to Finlandia , while avoiding Barus Building
get to Campus Market , while avoiding Finlandia
get to P-131317 , while avoiding Brown University
get to John Hay Library , while avoiding John Hay Library
get to Sharpe Refectory , while avoiding Campus Market
get to Sharpe Refectory , while avoiding Sears
get to Brown Center for Students of Color , while avoiding Maddock Alumni 
get to Campus Market , while avoiding Brown Center for Students of Color
get to Walter Hall , while avoiding Mencoff Hall
get to Walter Hall , while avoiding Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity
get to 86 Waterman  , while avoiding Lyman Hall
get to List Art Building , while avoiding War Memorial
get to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate , while avoiding Friedman Hall
go to Citizen's Bank without first passing through Rockefeller Library .
go to Arnold Laboratory without first passing through 67 George .
go to Class of 1887 Gate without first passing through Friedman Hall .
go to Robinson Hall without first passing through Maddock Alumni  .
go to Lippit House without first passing through Brown University Sciences Library .
go to Lot 18 without first passing through John Carter Brown Library .
go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall without first passing through Citizen's Bank .
go to Manning without first passing through Lot 18 .
go to Salomon Center for Teaching without first passing through Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to Marcus Aurelius without first passing through Minden Hall .
go to 67 George without first passing through Starbucks .
go to Wilbour Hall without first passing through Lippit House .
go to P-131317 without first passing through Horace Mann House .
go to 67 George without first passing through Class of 1887 Gate .
go to College Green before Walter Hall .
go to Rhode Island Hall before Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to Kassar House before BERT .
go to Wayland before John Hay Library .
go to Lot 76 before Hughes Court .
go to Citizen's Bank before Robinson Gate .
go to Faunce House before Wriston Quad .
go to J.W. Wilson before Brown University .
go to Minden Hall before University Hall .
go to BERT before Sayles Hall .
go to Wayland before Gardner House .
go to Norwood House before Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to John Hay Library before Manning .
go to P-131317 before Sayles Hall .
avoid Prospect House and go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ if you 've reached The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ then you can go to Prospect House .
avoid Barus Building and go to Untitled Lamp/Bear if you 've reached Untitled Lamp/Bear then you can go to Barus Building .
avoid Medical Research Lab and go to Slater Hall if you 've reached Slater Hall then you can go to Medical Research Lab .
avoid Simmons Quadrangle and go to Marston Hall if you 've reached Marston Hall then you can go to Simmons Quadrangle .
avoid Shirley Miller House and go to Manning if you 've reached Manning then you can go to Shirley Miller House .
avoid Hegeman and go to Walter Hall if you 've reached Walter Hall then you can go to Hegeman .
avoid The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ and go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology if you 've reached Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology then you can go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
avoid Horace Mann House and go to Rockefeller Library if you 've reached Rockefeller Library then you can go to Horace Mann House .
avoid GeoChem and Macmillian Hall and go to Marcus Aurelius if you 've reached Marcus Aurelius then you can go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
avoid Lippit House and go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority if you 've reached Alpha Chi Omega Sorority then you can go to Lippit House .
avoid Class of 1872 Gate and go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences if you 've reached Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences then you can go to Class of 1872 Gate .
avoid Sears and go to Metcalf Research Building if you 've reached Metcalf Research Building then you can go to Sears .
avoid Minden Hall and go to Sharpe Refectory if you 've reached Sharpe Refectory then you can go to Minden Hall .
avoid Lot 18 until going to Quiet Green .
avoid Class of 1887 Gate until going to J.W. Wilson .
avoid John Hay Library until going to Marston Hall .
avoid Brown Center for Students of Color until going to Maxcy Green .
avoid Lot 18 until going to 86 Waterman  .
avoid Barus Building until going to Wriston Quad .
avoid Starbucks until going to 86 Waterman  .
avoid Finlandia until going to Manning .
avoid War Memorial until going to Horace Mann House .
avoid War Memorial until going to Lot 17 .
avoid Slater Hall until going to Blue Room .
avoid BERT until going to Minden Hall .
avoid Class of 1887 Gate until going to Horace Mann House .
avoid Lyman Hall until going to Quiet Green .
avoid Hughes Court until you navigate to Lot 18 .
avoid William Goddard Memorial Gate until you navigate to Friedman Hall .
avoid Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences until you navigate to Maxcy Hall .
avoid Sharpe Refectory until you navigate to Sayles Hall .
avoid Mencoff Hall until you navigate to Idee di pietra .
avoid Maddock Alumni  until you navigate to Casey Shearer Memorial .
avoid Lot 76 until you navigate to John Hay Library .
avoid Littlefield Hall until you navigate to Caswell Hall .
avoid Saint Stephens Church until you navigate to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
avoid Robinson Gate until you navigate to John Carter Brown Library .
avoid Medical Research Lab until you navigate to Lot 18 .
go to John Hay Library before going to Maxcy Green
go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology before going to Class of 1872 Gate
go to Brown Bear before going to Class of 1887 Gate
go to Class of 1887 Gate before going to Urban Environmental Lab
go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop before going to Van Wickle Gates
go to Circle Dance Sculpture before going to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity
go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall before going to Manning
go to Friedman Hall before going to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ
go to Campus Market before going to Marcus Aurelius
go to Arnold Laboratory before going to Minden Hall
avoid Brown Bear until after reaching University Hall .
avoid Robinson Hall until after reaching Mencoff Hall .
avoid Prospect House until after reaching Kassar House .
avoid Casey Shearer Memorial until after reaching Rhode Island Hall .
avoid William Goddard Memorial Gate until after reaching Wriston Quad .
avoid Soldiers Memorial Gate until after reaching Sayles Hall .
avoid John Nicholas Brown Gate until after reaching J.W. Wilson .
avoid Swearer Center for Public Service until after reaching Class of 1887 Gate .
avoid Lot 18 until after reaching Brown Bear .
avoid Starbucks until after reaching Campus Market .
avoid William Goddard Memorial Gate until after reaching Van Wickle Gates .
avoid Hegeman until after reaching Carrie Tower .
go to or through Horace Mann House avoiding going through 67 George
go to or through John Carter Brown Library avoiding going through Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop
go to or through John Carter Brown Library avoiding going through Brown University
go to or through Caswell Hall avoiding going through Salomon Center for Teaching
go to or through Metcalf Research Building avoiding going through Campus Market
go to or through Slavery Memorial avoiding going through Shirley Miller House
go to or through Marcus Aurelius avoiding going through The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ
go to or through Sayles Hall avoiding going through Starbucks
go to or through Watson Center for Information Technology avoiding going through Soldiers Memorial Gate
go to or through Mencoff Hall avoiding going through J.W. Wilson
go to or through Gardner House avoiding going through Salomon Center for Teaching
avoid Brown University Sciences Library and go to Hughes Court if you have reached Hughes Court then you can go to Brown University Sciences Library .
avoid Morgan Witter Rogers Gate and go to Sayles Hall if you have reached Sayles Hall then you can go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
avoid John Hay Library and go to Norwood House if you have reached Norwood House then you can go to John Hay Library .
avoid Wayland and go to P-131317 if you have reached P-131317 then you can go to Wayland .
avoid Circle Dance Sculpture and go to P-131317 if you have reached P-131317 then you can go to Circle Dance Sculpture .
avoid GeoChem and Macmillian Hall and go to Salomon Center for Teaching if you have reached Salomon Center for Teaching then you can go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
avoid Wriston Quad and go to John Hay Library if you have reached John Hay Library then you can go to Wriston Quad .
avoid Walter Hall and go to Hegeman if you have reached Hegeman then you can go to Walter Hall .
avoid Sears and go to University Hall if you have reached University Hall then you can go to Sears .
avoid Walter Hall until going to Brown Bear .
avoid Horace Mann House until going to Maxcy Hall .
avoid Wriston Quad until going to List Art Building .
avoid Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop until going to Faunce House .
avoid 86 Waterman  until going to Untitled Lamp/Bear .
avoid Sharpe Refectory until going to Brown Bear .
avoid John Nicholas Brown Gate until going to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
avoid Saint Stephens Church until going to John Hay Library .
avoid Manning until going to Medical Research Lab .
avoid Caswell Hall until going to Finlandia .
avoid Lyman Hall until going to Class of 1872 Gate .
avoid Kassar House until going to Saint Stephens Church .
avoid Wilbour Hall until going to Saint Stephens Church .
avoid Wayland until going to Prince Engineering Lab .
go to Blue Room then University Hall .
go to John Carter Brown Library then Simmons Quadrangle .
go to Prince Engineering Lab then Maxcy Hall .
go to Wayland then Rockefeller Library .
go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate then Rockefeller Library .
go to Starbucks then The Ivy Room .
go to Circle Dance Sculpture then Maddock Alumni  .
go to Saint Stephens Church then The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to Shirley Miller House then John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to Norwood House then Prospect House .
go to Citizen's Bank then Blue Room .
go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop then University Hall .
go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology then Van Wickle Gates .
go to John Nicholas Brown Gate then Lincoln Field Building .
go to Untitled Lamp/Bear then Maxcy Hall .
avoid Van Wickle Gates until you have passed through Barus Building
avoid Alpha Chi Omega Sorority until you have passed through Hegeman
avoid Maxcy Green until you have passed through Wilbour Hall
avoid Class of 1872 Gate until you have passed through Finlandia
avoid John Carter Brown Library until you have passed through John Hay Library
avoid Finlandia until you have passed through Class of 1887 Gate
avoid Starbucks until you have passed through Saint Stephens Church
avoid Sears until you have passed through Blue Room
avoid Hughes Court until you have passed through Slater Hall
avoid Norwood House until you have passed through Lincoln Field Building
avoid Littlefield Hall until you have passed through Finlandia
avoid Hughes Court until you have passed through Saint Stephens Church
avoid Circle Dance Sculpture until you have passed through Van Wickle Gates
avoid 86 Waterman  until you have passed through Hughes Court
avoid John Carter Brown Library until you go to University Hall .
avoid Barus Building until you go to Caswell Hall .
avoid Slavery Memorial until you go to Idee di pietra .
avoid Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity until you go to Lyman Hall .
avoid Lot 76 until you go to Marcus Aurelius .
avoid Barus Building until you go to Lyman Hall .
avoid John Hay Library until you go to Lincoln Field Building .
avoid Brown University Sciences Library until you go to College Green .
avoid Blue Room until you go to Wriston Quad .
avoid 86 Waterman  until you go to Horace Mann House .
avoid Swearer Center for Public Service until you go to Lot 17 .
avoid Idee di pietra until you go to Sayles Hall .
avoid GeoChem and Macmillian Hall until you go to Friedman Hall .
avoid Arnold Laboratory until navigating to Maddock Alumni  .
avoid Gardner House until navigating to Mencoff Hall .
avoid GeoChem and Macmillian Hall until navigating to Marston Hall .
avoid John Hay Library until navigating to List Art Building .
avoid Horace Mann House until navigating to Wriston Quad .
avoid The Ivy Room until navigating to Gardner House .
avoid Sears until navigating to Lot 18 .
avoid John Carter Brown Library until navigating to War Memorial .
avoid Brown University Sciences Library until navigating to Marston Hall .
avoid List Art Building until navigating to Van Wickle Gates .
avoid Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity until navigating to Friedman Hall .
avoid Minden Hall until navigating to Barus Building .
avoid Gardner House until navigating to Sharpe Refectory .
avoid John Carter Brown Library until navigating to Carrie Tower .
avoid Prospect House until navigating to Maxcy Green .
go to Hope College before going to College Green
go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology before going to Swearer Center for Public Service
go to John Nicholas Brown Gate before going to Kassar House
go to Shirley Miller House before going to Blue Room
go to Maddock Alumni  before going to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority
go to The Ivy Room before going to Quiet Green
go to War Memorial before going to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences
go to Circle Dance Sculpture before going to Soldiers Memorial Gate
go to Brown Bear before going to Caswell Hall
go to Sayles Hall before going to John Hay Library
go to Robinson Hall before going to Norwood House
go to Wriston Quad before going to Van Wickle Gates
go to Rockefeller Library before going to Brown Bear
go to Salomon Center for Teaching before going to Gardner House
go to Carrie Tower before going to Arnold Laboratory
go to Robinson Hall but do not first pass through Lincoln Field Building .
go to Wriston Quad but do not first pass through Idee di pietra .
go to Arnold Laboratory but do not first pass through Starbucks .
go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority but do not first pass through Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to Class of 1887 Gate but do not first pass through Urban Environmental Lab .
go to Hope College but do not first pass through Barus Building .
go to BERT but do not first pass through Medical Research Lab .
go to BERT but do not first pass through Slater Hall .
go to J.W. Wilson but do not first pass through P-131317 .
go to Walter Hall but do not first pass through Norwood House .
avoid Casey Shearer Memorial until going to Starbucks .
avoid Simmons Quadrangle until going to John Carter Brown Library .
avoid Campus Market until going to Finlandia .
avoid Robinson Gate until going to Wayland .
avoid John Hay Library until going to Walter Hall .
avoid Lyman Hall until going to Horace Mann House .
avoid Untitled Lamp/Bear until going to Minden Hall .
avoid Prince Engineering Lab until going to Brown Center for Students of Color .
avoid Brown Bear until going to Hegeman .
avoid Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity until going to BERT .
avoid Sears until after you go to Lyman Hall .
avoid John Carter Brown Library until after you go to Starbucks .
avoid College Green until after you go to Slavery Memorial .
avoid Slater Hall until after you go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
avoid Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop until after you go to Manning .
avoid Sears until after you go to Mencoff Hall .
avoid Wayland until after you go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
avoid Soldiers Memorial Gate until after you go to Finlandia .
avoid Van Wickle Gates until after you go to Robinson Hall .
avoid Morgan Witter Rogers Gate until after you go to Prospect House .
avoid Urban Environmental Lab until after you go to Wriston Quad .
avoid Brown Center for Students of Color until after you go to Minden Hall .
avoid Brown Bear until going to John Hay Library .
avoid Lot 17 until going to Norwood House .
avoid William Goddard Memorial Gate until going to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
avoid GeoChem and Macmillian Hall until going to BERT .
avoid Slavery Memorial until going to Urban Environmental Lab .
avoid Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences until going to Robinson Hall .
avoid 86 Waterman  until going to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
avoid Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology until going to Sayles Hall .
avoid Saint Stephens Church until going to Watson Center for Information Technology .
avoid Walter Hall until going to Carrie Tower .
go to or through Watson Center for Information Technology always avoid going to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ through The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ
go to or through University Hall always avoid going to Lyman Hall through Lyman Hall
go to or through Van Wickle Gates always avoid going to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ through The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ
go to or through Blue Room always avoid going to Maxcy Hall through Maxcy Hall
go to or through Blue Room always avoid going to Brown Bear through Brown Bear
go to or through The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ always avoid going to Wriston Quad through Wriston Quad
go to or through Brown University Sciences Library always avoid going to Norwood House through Norwood House
go to or through Idee di pietra always avoid going to List Art Building through List Art Building
go to or through Walter Hall always avoid going to Starbucks through Starbucks
go to or through Simmons Quadrangle always avoid going to Brown University through Brown University
go to or through Minden Hall always avoid going to Hope College through Hope College
proceed to Blue Room but avoid Wriston Quad on the way . if you have reached Blue Room then you can proceed to Wriston Quad .
proceed to Watson Center for Information Technology but avoid Urban Environmental Lab on the way . if you have reached Watson Center for Information Technology then you can proceed to Urban Environmental Lab .
proceed to Untitled Lamp/Bear but avoid Kassar House on the way . if you have reached Untitled Lamp/Bear then you can proceed to Kassar House .
proceed to Wayland but avoid Finlandia on the way . if you have reached Wayland then you can proceed to Finlandia .
proceed to Class of 1887 Gate but avoid Alpha Chi Omega Sorority on the way . if you have reached Class of 1887 Gate then you can proceed to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
proceed to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology but avoid Van Wickle Gates on the way . if you have reached Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology then you can proceed to Van Wickle Gates .
proceed to Casey Shearer Memorial but avoid Horace Mann House on the way . if you have reached Casey Shearer Memorial then you can proceed to Horace Mann House .
proceed to Slater Hall but avoid Morgan Witter Rogers Gate on the way . if you have reached Slater Hall then you can proceed to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
proceed to Friedman Hall but avoid Carrie Tower on the way . if you have reached Friedman Hall then you can proceed to Carrie Tower .
proceed to Rhode Island Hall but avoid Van Wickle Gates on the way . if you have reached Rhode Island Hall then you can proceed to Van Wickle Gates .
proceed to Gardner House but avoid Campus Market on the way . if you have reached Gardner House then you can proceed to Campus Market .
proceed to Maxcy Hall but avoid War Memorial on the way . if you have reached Maxcy Hall then you can proceed to War Memorial .
proceed to Manning but avoid Slavery Memorial on the way . if you have reached Manning then you can proceed to Slavery Memorial .
avoid Lot 17 until you go to Brown Bear .
avoid Caswell Hall until you go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
avoid Sayles Hall until you go to Salomon Center for Teaching .
avoid Morgan Witter Rogers Gate until you go to Prince Engineering Lab .
avoid The Ivy Room until you go to Brown Bear .
avoid Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology until you go to Urban Environmental Lab .
avoid Van Wickle Gates until you go to Starbucks .
avoid Blue Room until you go to Wriston Quad .
avoid Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences until you go to Lippit House .
avoid The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ until going to Minden Hall .
avoid Soldiers Memorial Gate until going to Hegeman .
avoid Shirley Miller House until going to Class of 1872 Gate .
avoid Friedman Hall until going to Metcalf Research Building .
avoid Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology until going to Citizen's Bank .
avoid Rhode Island Hall until going to Swearer Center for Public Service .
avoid Watson Center for Information Technology until going to Robinson Gate .
avoid John Hay Library until going to Mencoff Hall .
avoid Class of 1887 Gate until going to Lippit House .
avoid Watson Center for Information Technology until going to Idee di pietra .
avoid John Carter Brown Library until going to Salomon Center for Teaching .
avoid Class of 1887 Gate until going to Salomon Center for Teaching .
avoid Wriston Quad until going to Walter Hall .
avoid Maxcy Hall until going to Brown University Sciences Library .
avoid The Ivy Room until going to John Carter Brown Library .
avoid Barus Building until you go to 67 George .
avoid Arnold Laboratory until you go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
avoid Prince Engineering Lab until you go to Lippit House .
avoid Class of 1887 Gate until you go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
avoid Caswell Hall until you go to Finlandia .
avoid Class of 1887 Gate until you go to Circle Dance Sculpture .
avoid List Art Building until you go to Hughes Court .
avoid Van Wickle Gates until you go to Robinson Gate .
avoid Urban Environmental Lab until you go to Marston Hall .
avoid The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ until you go to Starbucks .
avoid Maxcy Hall until you go to Norwood House .
avoid Brown Bear until you go to The Ivy Room .
avoid Wilbour Hall until you go to Maddock Alumni  .
avoid Finlandia until you go to Marcus Aurelius .
avoid Faunce House until you go to Maxcy Hall .
avoid Slavery Memorial until you go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
avoid William Goddard Memorial Gate until you go to Lot 18 .
avoid Metcalf Research Building until you go to Idee di pietra .
avoid Wayland until you go to John Hay Library .
avoid Manning until you go to Slavery Memorial .
avoid Marston Hall until you go to Van Wickle Gates .
avoid GeoChem and Macmillian Hall until you go to Faunce House .
avoid Hope College until you go to John Nicholas Brown Gate .
avoid Kassar House until you go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
avoid Lincoln Field Building until you go to Brown Bear .
avoid Mencoff Hall and go to Horace Mann House if you reached Horace Mann House then you can go to Mencoff Hall .
avoid Arnold Laboratory and go to Carrie Tower if you reached Carrie Tower then you can go to Arnold Laboratory .
avoid Class of 1872 Gate and go to Prospect House if you reached Prospect House then you can go to Class of 1872 Gate .
avoid Idee di pietra and go to John Hay Library if you reached John Hay Library then you can go to Idee di pietra .
avoid Sayles Hall and go to Wayland if you reached Wayland then you can go to Sayles Hall .
avoid John Hay Library and go to Mencoff Hall if you reached Mencoff Hall then you can go to John Hay Library .
avoid Walter Hall and go to List Art Building if you reached List Art Building then you can go to Walter Hall .
avoid Untitled Lamp/Bear and go to Hughes Court if you reached Hughes Court then you can go to Untitled Lamp/Bear .
avoid Shirley Miller House and go to BERT if you reached BERT then you can go to Shirley Miller House .
avoid Barus Building and go to Caswell Hall if you reached Caswell Hall then you can go to Barus Building .
navigate to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences before you go to Norwood House .
navigate to the 86 Waterman  before you go to Lincoln Field Building .
navigate to the Marston Hall before you go to Quiet Green .
navigate to the Friedman Hall before you go to Minden Hall .
navigate to the Lincoln Field Building before you go to Metcalf Research Building .
navigate to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences before you go to Hope College .
navigate to the Robinson Hall before you go to Slater Hall .
navigate to the Littlefield Hall before you go to Carrie Tower .
navigate to the Lot 17 before you go to Lippit House .
navigate to the Class of 1872 Gate before you go to Medical Research Lab .
head to Brown University after going to the Wriston Quad .
head to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop after going to the Brown Bear .
head to Kassar House after going to the Norwood House .
head to Marston Hall after going to the Minden Hall .
head to War Memorial after going to the Quiet Green .
head to Rockefeller Library after going to the Slavery Memorial .
head to P-131317 after going to the BERT .
head to Salomon Center for Teaching after going to the J.W. Wilson .
head to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority after going to the Robinson Gate .
head to College Green after going to the Carrie Tower .
navigate to Norwood House through the Hope College .
navigate to Maxcy Hall through the Sayles Hall .
navigate to Metcalf Research Building through the Van Wickle Gates .
navigate to John Hay Library through the Saint Stephens Church .
navigate to BERT through the Kassar House .
navigate to Wriston Quad through the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
navigate to Hegeman through the Casey Shearer Memorial .
navigate to Shirley Miller House through the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
navigate to War Memorial through the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
navigate to Slater Hall through the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
navigate to Sayles Hall through the Caswell Hall .
navigate to Gardner House through the Simmons Quadrangle .
navigate to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate through the Metcalf Research Building .
always go through the Faunce House and then to 86 Waterman  .
always go through the Medical Research Lab and then to Quiet Green .
always go through the Mencoff Hall and then to William Goddard Memorial Gate .
always go through the The Ivy Room and then to Sayles Hall .
always go through the Blue Room and then to Lippit House .
always go through the Starbucks and then to Lyman Hall .
always go through the Maddock Alumni  and then to Prince Engineering Lab .
always go through the William Goddard Memorial Gate and then to Shirley Miller House .
always go through the Sharpe Refectory and then to Prince Engineering Lab .
always go through the The Ivy Room and then to 86 Waterman  .
always go through the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences and then to Untitled Lamp/Bear .
always go through the Robinson Hall and then to Brown University .
always go through the College Green and then to Simmons Quadrangle .
go through the Watson Center for Information Technology to Swearer Center for Public Service .
go through the Lot 76 to Brown University Sciences Library .
go through the Simmons Quadrangle to Lincoln Field Building .
go through the John Hay Library to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go through the Horace Mann House to Urban Environmental Lab .
go through the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate to Rhode Island Hall .
go through the Untitled Lamp/Bear to Minden Hall .
go through the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ to Arnold Laboratory .
go through the Van Wickle Gates to Blue Room .
go through the Marston Hall to Wilbour Hall .
go through the Wriston Quad to Robinson Gate .
go through the Wayland to J.W. Wilson .
go through the Van Wickle Gates to Manning .
go to the Finlandia , then go to Hegeman .
go to the Horace Mann House , then go to Friedman Hall .
go to the Idee di pietra , then go to Marcus Aurelius .
go to the BERT , then go to Wilbour Hall .
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology , then go to Starbucks .
go to the Lot 76 , then go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to the Urban Environmental Lab , then go to Shirley Miller House .
go to the John Carter Brown Library , then go to Sears .
go to the Simmons Quadrangle , then go to Shirley Miller House .
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color , then go to Slavery Memorial .
go to the Marston Hall , then go to Lincoln Field Building .
navigate to Prospect House through the Van Wickle Gates .
navigate to Marston Hall through the Carrie Tower .
navigate to Medical Research Lab through the Shirley Miller House .
navigate to Friedman Hall through the Citizen's Bank .
navigate to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority through the Saint Stephens Church .
navigate to Brown Bear through the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
navigate to Rhode Island Hall through the College Green .
navigate to Arnold Laboratory through the College Green .
navigate to John Carter Brown Library through the Urban Environmental Lab .
navigate to Mencoff Hall through the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
navigate to Saint Stephens Church through the Friedman Hall .
navigate to Quiet Green through the Saint Stephens Church .
navigate to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ through the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
navigate to Idee di pietra through the Minden Hall .
go to Quiet Green through the Wriston Quad
go to John Hay Library through the Wriston Quad
go to Blue Room through the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology
go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate through the Littlefield Hall
go to Wriston Quad through the Finlandia
go to Class of 1872 Gate through the Marston Hall
go to Metcalf Research Building through the Maddock Alumni 
go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall through the 86 Waterman 
go to Simmons Quadrangle through the Citizen's Bank
go to Caswell Hall through the Swearer Center for Public Service
go to Finlandia through the Slater Hall
go to List Art Building through the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop
go to Mencoff Hall through the Hope College
go to J.W. Wilson through the Horace Mann House
go to Faunce House through the William Goddard Memorial Gate
go to Rhode Island Hall through the Class of 1872 Gate .
go to Lippit House through the List Art Building .
go to Medical Research Lab through the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology through the Idee di pietra .
go to War Memorial through the Campus Market .
go to Prospect House through the Barus Building .
go to 86 Waterman  through the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to Citizen's Bank through the Robinson Hall .
go to Sharpe Refectory through the Lot 76 .
navigate to the Carrie Tower then continue to Caswell Hall .
navigate to the Slater Hall then continue to P-131317 .
navigate to the Maxcy Green then continue to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
navigate to the William Goddard Memorial Gate then continue to Wayland .
navigate to the John Hay Library then continue to Maxcy Green .
navigate to the Shirley Miller House then continue to J.W. Wilson .
navigate to the Robinson Hall then continue to 86 Waterman  .
navigate to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop then continue to Norwood House .
navigate to the Class of 1887 Gate then continue to Prince Engineering Lab .
navigate to the Sharpe Refectory then continue to Citizen's Bank .
navigate to the Van Wickle Gates then continue to 67 George .
navigate to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences then continue to University Hall .
go through the Brown University Sciences Library to Lincoln Field Building .
go through the Wayland to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go through the Medical Research Lab to Swearer Center for Public Service .
go through the 86 Waterman  to Saint Stephens Church .
go through the Prospect House to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go through the John Hay Library to Horace Mann House .
go through the Manning to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go through the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop to J.W. Wilson .
go through the Wilbour Hall to Lippit House .
go through the Lincoln Field Building to Kassar House .
go through the Starbucks to Mencoff Hall .
go through the Prospect House to BERT .
go through the John Hay Library to Maddock Alumni  .
go through the Sears to Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to the BERT , then proceed to Prince Engineering Lab .
go to the College Green , then proceed to Hope College .
go to the Maxcy Green , then proceed to The Ivy Room .
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching , then proceed to University Hall .
go to the Prince Engineering Lab , then proceed to Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to the John Carter Brown Library , then proceed to Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to the Brown Bear , then proceed to Prospect House .
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall , then proceed to Idee di pietra .
go to the Metcalf Research Building , then proceed to Marcus Aurelius .
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching before you go to Campus Market .
go to the Prospect House before you go to Horace Mann House .
go to the Hope College before you go to Horace Mann House .
go to the Hughes Court before you go to Marston Hall .
go to the Brown Bear before you go to William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to the Van Wickle Gates before you go to J.W. Wilson .
go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences before you go to Prospect House .
go to the List Art Building before you go to Saint Stephens Church .
go to the Maxcy Green before you go to Sears .
go to the Quiet Green before you go to Brown Bear .
go to the Wriston Quad before you go to Robinson Hall .
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color before you go to Prospect House .
first go to the Slater Hall and then go to Rhode Island Hall .
first go to the Littlefield Hall and then go to Brown Bear .
first go to the Quiet Green and then go to Lot 18 .
first go to the Salomon Center for Teaching and then go to Wayland .
first go to the Hughes Court and then go to Swearer Center for Public Service .
first go to the Horace Mann House and then go to Hughes Court .
first go to the Starbucks and then go to Lippit House .
first go to the 86 Waterman  and then go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
first go to the Caswell Hall and then go to Lot 17 .
first go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity and then go to List Art Building .
first go to the Casey Shearer Memorial and then go to Soldiers Memorial Gate .
first go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall and then go to Lot 76 .
first go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity and then go to Brown Bear .
move to the War Memorial and then move to Lyman Hall .
move to the Watson Center for Information Technology and then move to Wilbour Hall .
move to the Wilbour Hall and then move to Sayles Hall .
move to the Marston Hall and then move to Simmons Quadrangle .
move to the Sayles Hall and then move to Soldiers Memorial Gate .
move to the Swearer Center for Public Service and then move to Horace Mann House .
move to the Simmons Quadrangle and then move to Horace Mann House .
move to the John Hay Library and then move to 86 Waterman  .
move to the Brown Center for Students of Color and then move to Sayles Hall .
move to the Lot 17 and then move to Wriston Quad .
move to the Medical Research Lab and then move to Finlandia .
move to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology and then move to Carrie Tower .
always go through the Walter Hall before going to Maxcy Green .
always go through the Barus Building before going to Norwood House .
always go through the Rhode Island Hall before going to Faunce House .
always go through the P-131317 before going to Faunce House .
always go through the Brown Bear before going to Carrie Tower .
always go through the John Carter Brown Library before going to Medical Research Lab .
always go through the William Goddard Memorial Gate before going to War Memorial .
always go through the Rhode Island Hall before going to Wayland .
always go through the Swearer Center for Public Service before going to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
always go through the John Hay Library before going to Medical Research Lab .
always go through the Lot 76 before going to Horace Mann House .
always go through the Wilbour Hall before going to Class of 1872 Gate .
always go through the Prince Engineering Lab before going to Robinson Gate .
always go through the Lot 76 before going to List Art Building .
always go through the Sears before going to Rockefeller Library .
go to the Carrie Tower and then go to Faunce House .
go to the Rhode Island Hall and then go to Simmons Quadrangle .
go to the Marston Hall and then go to Wayland .
go to the Kassar House and then go to 67 George .
go to the John Hay Library and then go to Sayles Hall .
go to the Citizen's Bank and then go to Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to the Marcus Aurelius and then go to John Hay Library .
go to the BERT and then go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to the The Ivy Room and then go to P-131317 .
go to the Campus Market and then go to Kassar House .
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology and then go to Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to the Lot 17 and then go to Quiet Green .
go through the Sharpe Refectory to Lot 17 .
go through the John Nicholas Brown Gate to Lot 76 .
go through the Citizen's Bank to Sharpe Refectory .
go through the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop to P-131317 .
go through the Class of 1872 Gate to Lincoln Field Building .
go through the BERT to Class of 1872 Gate .
go through the Finlandia to Arnold Laboratory .
go through the Prospect House to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go through the List Art Building to Hope College .
go through the Robinson Gate to Campus Market .
go through the Blue Room to Robinson Hall .
go through the Rhode Island Hall to Maxcy Hall .
go to Sears through the Shirley Miller House .
go to Robinson Hall through the Brown University Sciences Library .
go to Faunce House through the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to Maddock Alumni  through the Mencoff Hall .
go to Brown Center for Students of Color through the Sharpe Refectory .
go to John Carter Brown Library through the Simmons Quadrangle .
go to John Hay Library through the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to William Goddard Memorial Gate through the Horace Mann House .
go to Marcus Aurelius through the Wilbour Hall .
go to Caswell Hall through the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to Hegeman through the P-131317
go to Hegeman through the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority
go to Sharpe Refectory through the Sayles Hall
go to Citizen's Bank through the Lot 17
go to 67 George through the John Nicholas Brown Gate
go to John Hay Library through the Soldiers Memorial Gate
go to John Hay Library through the Maxcy Green
go to John Nicholas Brown Gate through the Arnold Laboratory
go to Manning through the Metcalf Research Building
go to Brown Bear through the Lincoln Field Building
go to Marston Hall through the Lincoln Field Building
go through the Minden Hall , then make your way to Sayles Hall .
go through the Metcalf Research Building , then make your way to Friedman Hall .
go through the Shirley Miller House , then make your way to Lot 76 .
go through the Maxcy Green , then make your way to College Green .
go through the 86 Waterman  , then make your way to Horace Mann House .
go through the Prince Engineering Lab , then make your way to John Carter Brown Library .
go through the P-131317 , then make your way to Metcalf Research Building .
go through the Hegeman , then make your way to Metcalf Research Building .
go through the Wayland , then make your way to Horace Mann House .
go through the Caswell Hall , then make your way to Watson Center for Information Technology .
go through the Lot 76 , then make your way to Hughes Court .
go through the Campus Market , then make your way to Hope College .
go to Slater Hall through the John Carter Brown Library .
go to Lyman Hall through the John Hay Library .
go to Prince Engineering Lab through the Lyman Hall .
go to Faunce House through the Medical Research Lab .
go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority through the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to Faunce House through the Finlandia .
go to 67 George through the BERT .
go to Lot 18 through the Lyman Hall .
go to Manning through the List Art Building .
go to Campus Market through the Urban Environmental Lab .
go to Walter Hall through the Caswell Hall .
go through the Wayland before navigating to Horace Mann House .
go through the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology before navigating to College Green .
go through the The Ivy Room before navigating to Quiet Green .
go through the Soldiers Memorial Gate before navigating to Campus Market .
go through the Robinson Gate before navigating to Simmons Quadrangle .
go through the Marcus Aurelius before navigating to Lot 18 .
go through the Maddock Alumni  before navigating to Kassar House .
go through the Marston Hall before navigating to Brown University .
go through the Van Wickle Gates before navigating to Brown University .
go through the Watson Center for Information Technology before navigating to Arnold Laboratory .
go through the Maxcy Hall before navigating to Lincoln Field Building .
go through the List Art Building before navigating to Metcalf Research Building .
go through the Horace Mann House before navigating to P-131317 .
always go through the Marston Hall before going to Arnold Laboratory .
always go through the Arnold Laboratory before going to Rhode Island Hall .
always go through the Kassar House before going to Class of 1872 Gate .
always go through the Prince Engineering Lab before going to Circle Dance Sculpture .
always go through the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology before going to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
always go through the Rhode Island Hall before going to 67 George .
always go through the Wayland before going to Campus Market .
always go through the Class of 1872 Gate before going to Untitled Lamp/Bear .
always go through the Sears before going to Arnold Laboratory .
go to Van Wickle Gates through the Slavery Memorial
go to Marcus Aurelius through the Swearer Center for Public Service
go to Robinson Gate through the Slavery Memorial
go to 67 George through the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences
go to Wayland through the Brown Bear
go to Sears through the John Carter Brown Library
go to Friedman Hall through the Simmons Quadrangle
go to Simmons Quadrangle through the Walter Hall
go to Slater Hall through the Soldiers Memorial Gate
go to Norwood House through the Caswell Hall
go through the Sharpe Refectory before going to Class of 1872 Gate
go through the Swearer Center for Public Service before going to Brown University
go through the Caswell Hall before going to Brown Bear
go through the Robinson Gate before going to Urban Environmental Lab
go through the Brown University Sciences Library before going to Walter Hall
go through the Lot 18 before going to BERT
go through the John Carter Brown Library before going to Norwood House
go through the Walter Hall before going to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences
go through the Wayland before going to Barus Building
go through the Rockefeller Library before going to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority
move to the John Carter Brown Library first then travel to Salomon Center for Teaching .
move to the Manning first then travel to Brown Bear .
move to the Norwood House first then travel to 86 Waterman  .
move to the Van Wickle Gates first then travel to Brown Center for Students of Color .
move to the 67 George first then travel to Rhode Island Hall .
move to the Lyman Hall first then travel to Prospect House .
move to the Minden Hall first then travel to Rockefeller Library .
move to the Urban Environmental Lab first then travel to John Hay Library .
move to the University Hall first then travel to Urban Environmental Lab .
move to the Prospect House first then travel to Circle Dance Sculpture .
move to the Marston Hall first then travel to Simmons Quadrangle .
move to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences first then travel to Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to the Rockefeller Library before you go to Metcalf Research Building .
go to the Robinson Hall before you go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to the P-131317 before you go to Marston Hall .
go to the Marston Hall before you go to Starbucks .
go to the Barus Building before you go to Maddock Alumni  .
go to the Brown University before you go to University Hall .
go to the Sayles Hall before you go to Blue Room .
go to the Van Wickle Gates before you go to Sayles Hall .
go to the Mencoff Hall before you go to Sayles Hall .
go to the Caswell Hall before you go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to the Wilbour Hall before you go to Rockefeller Library .
go to the John Carter Brown Library before you go to College Green .
move to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate , but go through the Rockefeller Library first .
move to War Memorial , but go through the Norwood House first .
move to John Nicholas Brown Gate , but go through the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology first .
move to Friedman Hall , but go through the Idee di pietra first .
move to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop , but go through the Maxcy Green first .
move to Prince Engineering Lab , but go through the Sears first .
move to Class of 1887 Gate , but go through the Horace Mann House first .
move to Robinson Hall , but go through the Gardner House first .
move to Sharpe Refectory , but go through the Robinson Gate first .
move to College Green , but go through the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop first .
move to Brown Bear , but go through the Saint Stephens Church first .
move to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity , but go through the Casey Shearer Memorial first .
go to The Ivy Room through the Brown University .
go to Prince Engineering Lab through the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to Starbucks through the Urban Environmental Lab .
go to Shirley Miller House through the John Carter Brown Library .
go to Lyman Hall through the John Hay Library .
go to Brown Center for Students of Color through the Starbucks .
go to Brown Bear through the Simmons Quadrangle .
go to Simmons Quadrangle through the List Art Building .
go to Robinson Hall through the Gardner House .
go to Sears through the Lot 17 .
go to Maxcy Green through the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to Campus Market through the Walter Hall .
go to Sayles Hall through the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to Robinson Hall through the Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to Simmons Quadrangle through the John Hay Library .
go to or through the BERT . always avoid going to the BERT through Watson Center for Information Technology
go to or through the Swearer Center for Public Service . always avoid going to the Swearer Center for Public Service through Campus Market
go to or through the P-131317 . always avoid going to the P-131317 through Finlandia
go to or through the Quiet Green . always avoid going to the Quiet Green through Littlefield Hall
go to or through the Class of 1887 Gate . always avoid going to the Class of 1887 Gate through Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity
go to or through the Barus Building . always avoid going to the Barus Building through Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology
go to or through the Caswell Hall . always avoid going to the Caswell Hall through Friedman Hall
go to or through the Class of 1887 Gate . always avoid going to the Class of 1887 Gate through Citizen's Bank
go to or through the John Hay Library . always avoid going to the John Hay Library through Blue Room
go to or through the William Goddard Memorial Gate . always avoid going to the William Goddard Memorial Gate through Citizen's Bank
go to or through the Brown University Sciences Library . always avoid going to the Brown University Sciences Library through Prince Engineering Lab
avoid Norwood House until you go to the Wilbour Hall .
avoid Lyman Hall until you go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
avoid GeoChem and Macmillian Hall until you go to the John Hay Library .
avoid Faunce House until you go to the Maxcy Hall .
avoid Brown University until you go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
avoid Robinson Gate until you go to the Brown Bear .
avoid Lot 18 until you go to the Saint Stephens Church .
avoid Norwood House until you go to the Lippit House .
avoid Barus Building until you go to the Sayles Hall .
avoid Lot 18 until you go to the P-131317 .
avoid Lot 18 until after the BERT
avoid Mencoff Hall until after the Salomon Center for Teaching
avoid The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ until after the Sayles Hall
avoid Slavery Memorial until after the Metcalf Research Building
avoid 67 George until after the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology
avoid Morgan Witter Rogers Gate until after the Lyman Hall
avoid Lyman Hall until after the Maddock Alumni 
avoid Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences until after the Metcalf Research Building
avoid Horace Mann House until after the Quiet Green
avoid Maxcy Green until after the Swearer Center for Public Service
avoid Class of 1887 Gate until after the Casey Shearer Memorial
avoid Hughes Court until after the Mencoff Hall
go to Mencoff Hall , before going to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to Quiet Green , before going to Barus Building .
go to Hegeman , before going to Minden Hall .
go to Carrie Tower , before going to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to Carrie Tower , before going to Lippit House .
go to Casey Shearer Memorial , before going to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to Shirley Miller House , before going to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to Brown University , before going to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to Salomon Center for Teaching , before going to Lyman Hall .
go to Robinson Gate , before going to Faunce House .
go to William Goddard Memorial Gate , before going to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to Blue Room , before going to Idee di pietra .
avoid Kassar House until going to the BERT .
avoid Watson Center for Information Technology until going to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
avoid William Goddard Memorial Gate until going to the Class of 1872 Gate .
avoid Sears until going to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
avoid Soldiers Memorial Gate until going to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
avoid Wriston Quad until going to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
avoid P-131317 until going to the Wriston Quad .
avoid Rockefeller Library until going to the Minden Hall .
avoid Van Wickle Gates until going to the Arnold Laboratory .
avoid Simmons Quadrangle until going to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
avoid William Goddard Memorial Gate until going to the John Hay Library .
avoid Slavery Memorial until going to the Manning .
avoid Finlandia until going to the Medical Research Lab .
avoid J.W. Wilson until going to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
avoid Marston Hall until going to the Wayland .
go through the Rhode Island Hall before going to 86 Waterman 
go through the Citizen's Bank before going to Manning
go through the Lot 17 before going to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority
go through the Slater Hall before going to Brown Center for Students of Color
go through the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall before going to Urban Environmental Lab
go through the Soldiers Memorial Gate before going to Wilbour Hall
go through the J.W. Wilson before going to Arnold Laboratory
go through the Wriston Quad before going to Maddock Alumni 
go through the Metcalf Research Building before going to Lincoln Field Building
go through the John Hay Library before going to Kassar House
always avoid Lyman Hall and go through the John Hay Library .
always avoid Saint Stephens Church and go through the J.W. Wilson .
always avoid Robinson Gate and go through the Class of 1887 Gate .
always avoid Carrie Tower and go through the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
always avoid Untitled Lamp/Bear and go through the Van Wickle Gates .
always avoid Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences and go through the Campus Market .
always avoid Class of 1872 Gate and go through the Urban Environmental Lab .
always avoid Brown University Sciences Library and go through the Slater Hall .
always avoid Barus Building and go through the Hegeman .
always avoid Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop and go through the Carrie Tower .
avoid Brown Bear until you go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
avoid Mencoff Hall until you go to the Campus Market .
avoid Lot 17 until you go to the Barus Building .
avoid Medical Research Lab until you go to the Marston Hall .
avoid Swearer Center for Public Service until you go to the Maxcy Green .
avoid University Hall until you go to the Lot 18 .
avoid Campus Market until you go to the Kassar House .
avoid Sayles Hall until you go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
avoid P-131317 until you go to the Robinson Hall .
avoid Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences until you go to the John Carter Brown Library .
avoid Prospect House until you go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
avoid BERT until reaching the College Green .
avoid Medical Research Lab until reaching the Kassar House .
avoid Lincoln Field Building until reaching the Marston Hall .
avoid Walter Hall until reaching the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
avoid Horace Mann House until reaching the Van Wickle Gates .
avoid Hughes Court until reaching the Arnold Laboratory .
avoid Blue Room until reaching the Littlefield Hall .
avoid Carrie Tower until reaching the 86 Waterman  .
avoid Littlefield Hall until reaching the Simmons Quadrangle .
avoid Swearer Center for Public Service until reaching the Sayles Hall .
avoid John Carter Brown Library until reaching the Idee di pietra .
avoid Lot 18 until reaching the Van Wickle Gates .
avoid Salomon Center for Teaching until reaching the Prince Engineering Lab .
avoid Littlefield Hall and go to the Robinson Gate .
avoid Caswell Hall and go to the Robinson Gate .
avoid Rhode Island Hall and go to the Urban Environmental Lab .
avoid Brown University Sciences Library and go to the Class of 1872 Gate .
avoid Horace Mann House and go to the 67 George .
avoid Prospect House and go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
avoid Lincoln Field Building and go to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
avoid Watson Center for Information Technology and go to the Wayland .
avoid Caswell Hall and go to the Sharpe Refectory .
avoid Lyman Hall and go to the Hegeman .
avoid Untitled Lamp/Bear and go to the Robinson Hall .
avoid Idee di pietra and go to the Caswell Hall .
go to the Citizen's Bank by avoiding Mencoff Hall and then stay in the Citizen's Bank or continue to Mencoff Hall
go to the Prince Engineering Lab by avoiding Maddock Alumni  and then stay in the Prince Engineering Lab or continue to Maddock Alumni 
go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences by avoiding The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ and then stay in the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences or continue to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ
go to the P-131317 by avoiding Maddock Alumni  and then stay in the P-131317 or continue to Maddock Alumni 
go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear by avoiding Manning and then stay in the Untitled Lamp/Bear or continue to Manning
go to the Idee di pietra by avoiding 86 Waterman  and then stay in the Idee di pietra or continue to 86 Waterman 
go to the Sears by avoiding Van Wickle Gates and then stay in the Sears or continue to Van Wickle Gates
go to the Sharpe Refectory by avoiding Lippit House and then stay in the Sharpe Refectory or continue to Lippit House
go to the Lot 18 by avoiding Alpha Chi Omega Sorority and then stay in the Lot 18 or continue to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority
go to the Mencoff Hall by avoiding Shirley Miller House and then stay in the Mencoff Hall or continue to Shirley Miller House
go to the Simmons Quadrangle by avoiding Soldiers Memorial Gate and then stay in the Simmons Quadrangle or continue to Soldiers Memorial Gate
go to the University Hall by avoiding Brown University and then stay in the University Hall or continue to Brown University
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching by avoiding Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop and then stay in the Salomon Center for Teaching or continue to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop
avoid John Hay Library until you go to the Wriston Quad .
avoid Alpha Chi Omega Sorority until you go to the Shirley Miller House .
avoid Maxcy Green until you go to the Brown University .
avoid Friedman Hall until you go to the Van Wickle Gates .
avoid List Art Building until you go to the P-131317 .
avoid Alpha Chi Omega Sorority until you go to the Caswell Hall .
avoid Lot 18 until you go to the Urban Environmental Lab .
avoid Lincoln Field Building until you go to the Minden Hall .
avoid John Carter Brown Library until you go to the Brown University Sciences Library .
avoid Hegeman until you go to the University Hall .
avoid Maxcy Green until going to the Rhode Island Hall .
avoid Brown Bear until going to the Lippit House .
avoid Casey Shearer Memorial until going to the Robinson Hall .
avoid Lot 76 until going to the Mencoff Hall .
avoid Idee di pietra until going to the Manning .
avoid Lot 17 until going to the Citizen's Bank .
avoid Maddock Alumni  until going to the Sharpe Refectory .
avoid Casey Shearer Memorial until going to the P-131317 .
avoid Prospect House until going to the Wilbour Hall .
avoid William Goddard Memorial Gate until going to the War Memorial .
avoid Citizen's Bank until going to the Brown University Sciences Library .
avoid Brown University Sciences Library until going to the Prospect House .
avoid Hughes Court until going to the Lot 17 .
avoid Maxcy Green until going to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to or through the BERT always avoid going to the BERT through Friedman Hall
go to or through the J.W. Wilson always avoid going to the J.W. Wilson through Wayland
go to or through the Wilbour Hall always avoid going to the Wilbour Hall through Maddock Alumni 
go to or through the Blue Room always avoid going to the Blue Room through Brown Center for Students of Color
go to or through the William Goddard Memorial Gate always avoid going to the William Goddard Memorial Gate through Wayland
go to or through the Hughes Court always avoid going to the Hughes Court through University Hall
go to or through the Lot 18 always avoid going to the Lot 18 through Marcus Aurelius
go to or through the Hegeman always avoid going to the Hegeman through Quiet Green
go to or through the Slater Hall always avoid going to the Slater Hall through Gardner House
go to or through the Lincoln Field Building always avoid going to the Lincoln Field Building through Morgan Witter Rogers Gate
go to the Horace Mann House before going to John Carter Brown Library
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching before going to Shirley Miller House
go to the List Art Building before going to Medical Research Lab
go to the Rockefeller Library before going to Lippit House
go to the Rockefeller Library before going to Norwood House
go to the The Ivy Room before going to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop
go to the Medical Research Lab before going to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate
go to the Finlandia before going to Hegeman
go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology before going to Van Wickle Gates
go to the Brown University Sciences Library before going to Robinson Gate
go to the Class of 1887 Gate before going to Brown Bear
go to the Sayles Hall before going to Brown Bear
go to the 86 Waterman  before going to Salomon Center for Teaching
go to the 86 Waterman  before going to Wayland
avoid going through Lippit House until you go through the Brown Bear .
avoid going through P-131317 until you go through the Wriston Quad .
avoid going through John Hay Library until you go through the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
avoid going through College Green until you go through the Salomon Center for Teaching .
avoid going through 67 George until you go through the Hope College .
avoid going through John Carter Brown Library until you go through the Kassar House .
avoid going through Class of 1887 Gate until you go through the Sayles Hall .
avoid going through John Hay Library until you go through the Walter Hall .
avoid going through Brown Bear until you go through the Marcus Aurelius .
avoid going through Mencoff Hall until you go through the Brown Bear .
avoid going through Slavery Memorial until you go through the Brown University .
avoid going through Lippit House until you go through the Blue Room .
avoid going through Blue Room until you go through the 67 George .
avoid Norwood House until going to the Hughes Court .
avoid Manning until going to the Marcus Aurelius .
avoid War Memorial until going to the Slater Hall .
avoid Idee di pietra until going to the Horace Mann House .
avoid Sharpe Refectory until going to the 67 George .
avoid Prince Engineering Lab until going to the Slater Hall .
avoid Maxcy Hall until going to the J.W. Wilson .
avoid Finlandia until going to the Hegeman .
avoid Arnold Laboratory until going to the Carrie Tower .
avoid Quiet Green until going to the Wriston Quad .
avoid Wriston Quad until going to the Simmons Quadrangle .
avoid John Hay Library until going to the John Carter Brown Library .
avoid Wayland until going to the Brown Bear .
avoid Maddock Alumni  until going to the College Green .
go to the Lot 18 by avoiding J.W. Wilson if you reached the Lot 18 , then you can proceed to J.W. Wilson .
go to the Marston Hall by avoiding Prospect House if you reached the Marston Hall , then you can proceed to Prospect House .
go to the Prospect House by avoiding Barus Building if you reached the Prospect House , then you can proceed to Barus Building .
go to the Littlefield Hall by avoiding Prospect House if you reached the Littlefield Hall , then you can proceed to Prospect House .
go to the 86 Waterman  by avoiding The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ if you reached the 86 Waterman  , then you can proceed to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to the War Memorial by avoiding Hegeman if you reached the War Memorial , then you can proceed to Hegeman .
go to the Friedman Hall by avoiding Metcalf Research Building if you reached the Friedman Hall , then you can proceed to Metcalf Research Building .
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity by avoiding Maxcy Green if you reached the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity , then you can proceed to Maxcy Green .
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology by avoiding Simmons Quadrangle if you reached the Watson Center for Information Technology , then you can proceed to Simmons Quadrangle .
go to the Brown Bear by avoiding Watson Center for Information Technology if you reached the Brown Bear , then you can proceed to Watson Center for Information Technology .
avoid Lot 18 until you go to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
avoid Brown Bear until you go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
avoid Mencoff Hall until you go to the Van Wickle Gates .
avoid 86 Waterman  until you go to the Faunce House .
avoid Minden Hall until you go to the Wriston Quad .
avoid P-131317 until you go to the Hope College .
avoid Arnold Laboratory until you go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
avoid Hope College until you go to the Metcalf Research Building .
avoid Citizen's Bank until you go to the John Hay Library .
avoid Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop until you go to the Blue Room .
move to the College Green avoiding Brown Bear if you got to the College Green then you can continue to Brown Bear .
move to the Idee di pietra avoiding 67 George if you got to the Idee di pietra then you can continue to 67 George .
move to the Manning avoiding Maxcy Hall if you got to the Manning then you can continue to Maxcy Hall .
move to the William Goddard Memorial Gate avoiding Carrie Tower if you got to the William Goddard Memorial Gate then you can continue to Carrie Tower .
move to the Friedman Hall avoiding Arnold Laboratory if you got to the Friedman Hall then you can continue to Arnold Laboratory .
move to the Untitled Lamp/Bear avoiding Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences if you got to the Untitled Lamp/Bear then you can continue to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
move to the John Hay Library avoiding Maddock Alumni  if you got to the John Hay Library then you can continue to Maddock Alumni  .
move to the Prospect House avoiding Class of 1887 Gate if you got to the Prospect House then you can continue to Class of 1887 Gate .
move to the Sharpe Refectory avoiding GeoChem and Macmillian Hall if you got to the Sharpe Refectory then you can continue to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
move to the Urban Environmental Lab avoiding Hegeman if you got to the Urban Environmental Lab then you can continue to Hegeman .
move to the Horace Mann House avoiding John Carter Brown Library if you got to the Horace Mann House then you can continue to John Carter Brown Library .
move to the Faunce House avoiding Sayles Hall if you got to the Faunce House then you can continue to Sayles Hall .
move to the Lot 17 avoiding Lippit House if you got to the Lot 17 then you can continue to Lippit House .
avoid Saint Stephens Church until you go to the Hughes Court .
avoid Slater Hall until you go to the Lippit House .
avoid Slavery Memorial until you go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
avoid Gardner House until you go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
avoid Wayland until you go to the Maxcy Green .
avoid Slater Hall until you go to the Maddock Alumni  .
avoid Maddock Alumni  until you go to the Robinson Hall .
avoid Brown Bear until you go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
avoid Sears until you go to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
avoid Wayland until you go to the Slater Hall .
avoid Swearer Center for Public Service until you go to the John Carter Brown Library .
avoid Prospect House until you go to the John Hay Library .
avoid Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity until you go to the List Art Building .
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall before going to Sayles Hall
go to the Faunce House before going to Sharpe Refectory
go to the John Hay Library before going to Caswell Hall
go to the Marcus Aurelius before going to William Goddard Memorial Gate
go to the Friedman Hall before going to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology
go to the Maxcy Hall before going to Littlefield Hall
go to the Horace Mann House before going to John Carter Brown Library
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color before going to College Green
go to the Hope College before going to Slavery Memorial
go to the Hope College before going to Metcalf Research Building
go to the Hope College avoiding Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity if you reached the Hope College then you may go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to the The Ivy Room avoiding P-131317 if you reached the The Ivy Room then you may go to P-131317 .
go to the Caswell Hall avoiding Wilbour Hall if you reached the Caswell Hall then you may go to Wilbour Hall .
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall avoiding Rockefeller Library if you reached the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall then you may go to Rockefeller Library .
go to the Horace Mann House avoiding Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop if you reached the Horace Mann House then you may go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to the Kassar House avoiding John Nicholas Brown Gate if you reached the Kassar House then you may go to John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to the BERT avoiding Robinson Hall if you reached the BERT then you may go to Robinson Hall .
go to the Slater Hall avoiding Lot 18 if you reached the Slater Hall then you may go to Lot 18 .
go to the Starbucks avoiding Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology if you reached the Starbucks then you may go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to the Casey Shearer Memorial avoiding Horace Mann House if you reached the Casey Shearer Memorial then you may go to Horace Mann House .
avoid BERT until going to the Maxcy Hall .
avoid P-131317 until going to the Carrie Tower .
avoid Prince Engineering Lab until going to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
avoid Campus Market until going to the Wayland .
avoid Caswell Hall until going to the Sharpe Refectory .
avoid John Hay Library until going to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
avoid J.W. Wilson until going to the College Green .
avoid Lyman Hall until going to the 67 George .
avoid The Ivy Room until going to the Starbucks .
avoid Faunce House until going to the Arnold Laboratory .
avoid Idee di pietra until going to the Lot 18 .
avoid Idee di pietra until going to the Shirley Miller House .
avoid John Carter Brown Library until going to the Campus Market .
avoid Friedman Hall until you pass through Class of 1887 Gate .
avoid Sharpe Refectory until you pass through Friedman Hall .
avoid Citizen's Bank until you pass through Faunce House .
avoid Lot 17 until you pass through Brown Center for Students of Color .
avoid Slavery Memorial until you pass through John Hay Library .
avoid Starbucks until you pass through Walter Hall .
avoid Salomon Center for Teaching until you pass through Saint Stephens Church .
avoid Prince Engineering Lab until you pass through Circle Dance Sculpture .
avoid Starbucks until you pass through Lot 17 .
avoid Wayland until going to the Arnold Laboratory .
avoid Littlefield Hall until going to the Wilbour Hall .
avoid Faunce House until going to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
avoid Finlandia until going to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
avoid Sears until going to the Saint Stephens Church .
avoid Quiet Green until going to the Hegeman .
avoid College Green until going to the Lippit House .
avoid Metcalf Research Building until going to the Lincoln Field Building .
avoid Slater Hall until going to the Manning .
avoid Manning until going to the Lot 76 .
avoid Lot 18 until navigating to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
avoid Casey Shearer Memorial until navigating to the Quiet Green .
avoid University Hall until navigating to the Idee di pietra .
avoid List Art Building until navigating to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
avoid Lincoln Field Building until navigating to the Medical Research Lab .
avoid Minden Hall until navigating to the John Hay Library .
avoid Lyman Hall until navigating to the BERT .
avoid Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop until navigating to the 86 Waterman  .
avoid Norwood House until navigating to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology but avoid Maxcy Green if you reached to the Watson Center for Information Technology then you can head to Maxcy Green or stay put .
go to the Gardner House but avoid Medical Research Lab if you reached to the Gardner House then you can head to Medical Research Lab or stay put .
go to the Citizen's Bank but avoid Maxcy Hall if you reached to the Citizen's Bank then you can head to Maxcy Hall or stay put .
go to the Urban Environmental Lab but avoid Prospect House if you reached to the Urban Environmental Lab then you can head to Prospect House or stay put .
go to the Norwood House but avoid Saint Stephens Church if you reached to the Norwood House then you can head to Saint Stephens Church or stay put .
go to the Brown Bear but avoid Lot 76 if you reached to the Brown Bear then you can head to Lot 76 or stay put .
go to the List Art Building but avoid BERT if you reached to the List Art Building then you can head to BERT or stay put .
go to the Robinson Gate but avoid Friedman Hall if you reached to the Robinson Gate then you can head to Friedman Hall or stay put .
go to the BERT but avoid Idee di pietra if you reached to the BERT then you can head to Idee di pietra or stay put .
go to the Barus Building but avoid University Hall if you reached to the Barus Building then you can head to University Hall or stay put .
go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences but avoid Finlandia if you reached to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences then you can head to Finlandia or stay put .
avoid Brown Bear until going to the Arnold Laboratory .
avoid Brown Bear until going to the Lyman Hall .
avoid Urban Environmental Lab until going to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
avoid Friedman Hall until going to the Rhode Island Hall .
avoid Urban Environmental Lab until going to the Wriston Quad .
avoid Lot 76 until going to the Class of 1887 Gate .
avoid Circle Dance Sculpture until going to the Van Wickle Gates .
avoid Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity until going to the Robinson Gate .
avoid Brown University Sciences Library until going to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
avoid GeoChem and Macmillian Hall until going to the Littlefield Hall .
avoid Hegeman until going to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
avoid Sayles Hall until going to the Manning .
avoid Idee di pietra until going to the Brown Bear .
go to the Saint Stephens Church before going to Urban Environmental Lab .
go to the Blue Room before going to John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to the Lippit House before going to Brown Bear .
go to the John Hay Library before going to Prospect House .
go to the Saint Stephens Church before going to Lincoln Field Building .
go to the Friedman Hall before going to The Ivy Room .
go to the Idee di pietra before going to Metcalf Research Building .
go to the Lot 17 before going to Mencoff Hall .
go to the Brown University before going to Sears .
go to the Campus Market before going to Manning .
go to the Class of 1872 Gate before going to Saint Stephens Church .
from the War Memorial , navigate to Robinson Hall .
from the Maddock Alumni  , navigate to Wriston Quad .
from the Rockefeller Library , navigate to J.W. Wilson .
from the Urban Environmental Lab , navigate to Casey Shearer Memorial .
from the Quiet Green , navigate to Maxcy Hall .
from the Citizen's Bank , navigate to University Hall .
from the Robinson Hall , navigate to Sears .
from the Salomon Center for Teaching , navigate to Minden Hall .
from the Mencoff Hall , navigate to Horace Mann House .
from the Prince Engineering Lab , navigate to Lincoln Field Building .
always pass through the blue room to get to landmark 2 .
always pass through the blue room to get to landmark 2 .
go from Swearer Center for Public Service to Metcalf Research Building .
go from Campus Market to Maddock Alumni  .
go from Lot 18 to Circle Dance Sculpture .
go from Brown University to Minden Hall .
go from Barus Building to Rhode Island Hall .
go from Blue Room to Campus Market .
go from Finlandia to Citizen's Bank .
go from Blue Room to Kassar House .
go from Robinson Hall to Circle Dance Sculpture .
go from Campus Market to Lot 18 .
go from BERT to University Hall .
go from Finlandia to Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go from Van Wickle Gates to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go from Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences to 67 George .
move to List Art Building from the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
move to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall from the John Carter Brown Library .
move to Lot 18 from the Prince Engineering Lab .
move to Sears from the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
move to Simmons Quadrangle from the Campus Market .
move to Sears from the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
move to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate from the 67 George .
move to Maddock Alumni  from the Mencoff Hall .
move to Lincoln Field Building from the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
move to Manning from the Maddock Alumni  .
move to Citizen's Bank from the Lyman Hall .
move to Carrie Tower from the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
move to 86 Waterman  from the Watson Center for Information Technology .
move to Norwood House from the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go through the Manning to Maddock Alumni  .
go through the Circle Dance Sculpture to Brown University .
go through the Shirley Miller House to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go through the Van Wickle Gates to Brown Center for Students of Color .
go through the 67 George to Shirley Miller House .
go through the John Carter Brown Library to Maxcy Hall .
go through the Barus Building to Prospect House .
go through the Campus Market to Hegeman .
go through the Wilbour Hall to Brown Bear .
go through the Metcalf Research Building to 86 Waterman  .
go through the Mencoff Hall to Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go through the Class of 1887 Gate to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go through the Idee di pietra to Walter Hall .
go through the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ to Brown Center for Students of Color .
go through the Class of 1887 Gate to Idee di pietra .
from the Gardner House go to Lot 76 .
from the Maddock Alumni  go to Barus Building .
from the Hope College go to Maddock Alumni  .
from the Shirley Miller House go to Watson Center for Information Technology .
from the Gardner House go to Robinson Hall .
from the Gardner House go to Circle Dance Sculpture .
from the Faunce House go to Sayles Hall .
from the Brown University go to Shirley Miller House .
from the Hegeman go to Caswell Hall .
from the Van Wickle Gates go to Finlandia .
from the Circle Dance Sculpture go to Robinson Gate .
from the Wayland go to Idee di pietra .
go from the Quiet Green to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology
go from the Friedman Hall to Medical Research Lab
go from the P-131317 to Kassar House
go from the J.W. Wilson to John Hay Library
go from the Idee di pietra to Manning
go from the Lot 17 to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority
go from the Blue Room to Lippit House
go from the J.W. Wilson to Lyman Hall
go from the Hughes Court to 67 George
go to landmark 2 passing through the blue room .
go to landmark 2 passing through the blue room .
go to landmark 2 passing through the blue room .
always avoid going through landmark 2
go through the Robinson Gate to Saint Stephens Church .
go through the Lincoln Field Building to Sears .
go through the 86 Waterman  to Metcalf Research Building .
go through the Barus Building to Urban Environmental Lab .
go through the Lippit House to Saint Stephens Church .
go through the Lyman Hall to University Hall .
go through the Caswell Hall to Mencoff Hall .
go through the Brown University to Faunce House .
go through the War Memorial to Maxcy Hall .
go through the University Hall to Arnold Laboratory .
go to Citizen's Bank through the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ
go to Campus Market through the Arnold Laboratory
go to Lyman Hall through the Rockefeller Library
go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ through the Marcus Aurelius
go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority through the Hughes Court
go to Prince Engineering Lab through the List Art Building
go to Finlandia through the Friedman Hall
go to Blue Room through the Hope College
go to Horace Mann House through the Watson Center for Information Technology
go to Quiet Green through the John Hay Library .
go to Lot 76 through the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to Minden Hall through the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to Brown Center for Students of Color through the Class of 1872 Gate .
go to John Hay Library through the Maddock Alumni  .
go to Sears through the Sharpe Refectory .
go to Class of 1887 Gate through the J.W. Wilson .
go to Littlefield Hall through the Wriston Quad .
go to Lippit House through the Littlefield Hall .
go to Carrie Tower through the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to Rockefeller Library through the J.W. Wilson .
go to Class of 1872 Gate through the Prince Engineering Lab .
start on the Medical Research Lab and move directly to J.W. Wilson .
start on the P-131317 and move directly to Shirley Miller House .
start on the Brown Bear and move directly to Soldiers Memorial Gate .
start on the Prospect House and move directly to Prince Engineering Lab .
start on the Maxcy Green and move directly to Carrie Tower .
start on the Lot 17 and move directly to Watson Center for Information Technology .
start on the Maddock Alumni  and move directly to University Hall .
start on the Quiet Green and move directly to Class of 1872 Gate .
start on the Brown Bear and move directly to Medical Research Lab .
start on the Class of 1872 Gate and move directly to Salomon Center for Teaching .
start on the Medical Research Lab and move directly to Sayles Hall .
start on the Sears and move directly to Slater Hall .
start on the Marston Hall and move directly to Marcus Aurelius .
start on the Idee di pietra and move directly to Kassar House .
go to the The Ivy Room and then to War Memorial .
go to the Swearer Center for Public Service and then to Finlandia .
go to the Circle Dance Sculpture and then to Lot 17 .
go to the Urban Environmental Lab and then to Slater Hall .
go to the Minden Hall and then to Lot 76 .
go to the Quiet Green and then to Lot 18 .
go to the Walter Hall and then to Arnold Laboratory .
go to the Faunce House and then to Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ and then to Lot 76 .
go to the Citizen's Bank and then to Robinson Gate .
go to the Urban Environmental Lab and then to Barus Building .
go to the Lincoln Field Building and then to Lot 18 .
go to the Lot 17 and then to William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to orange room then go to landmark 2 .
go to orange room then go to landmark 2 .
go to Brown University Sciences Library through the Maxcy Green .
go to Blue Room through the John Hay Library .
go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop through the Kassar House .
go to Wilbour Hall through the Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to The Ivy Room through the Gardner House .
go to Van Wickle Gates through the Marston Hall .
go to Brown Center for Students of Color through the Marcus Aurelius .
go to Shirley Miller House through the Saint Stephens Church .
go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences through the Class of 1887 Gate .
go to Arnold Laboratory through the Brown Bear .
go to Arnold Laboratory through the Hughes Court .
go to Hegeman through the Lyman Hall .
go to College Green through the Wilbour Hall .
go to Blue Room through the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to Slavery Memorial through the Caswell Hall .
go to Wayland by first visiting the Sayles Hall .
go to John Hay Library by first visiting the Walter Hall .
go to Lot 76 by first visiting the 86 Waterman  .
go to Shirley Miller House by first visiting the Simmons Quadrangle .
go to Prospect House by first visiting the Quiet Green .
go to University Hall by first visiting the College Green .
go to Marcus Aurelius by first visiting the Slater Hall .
go to Slater Hall by first visiting the Simmons Quadrangle .
go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop by first visiting the Maxcy Hall .
go to John Hay Library by first visiting the Robinson Hall .
go to Hegeman by first visiting the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to Soldiers Memorial Gate by first visiting the Littlefield Hall .
go to The Ivy Room by first visiting the Norwood House .
go to John Carter Brown Library by first visiting the The Ivy Room .
go to Lot 18 by first visiting the Rhode Island Hall .
always avoid going through landmark 2
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color , then go to Wriston Quad .
go to the Van Wickle Gates , then go to Medical Research Lab .
go to the Sayles Hall , then go to Arnold Laboratory .
go to the Brown Bear , then go to Sears .
go to the Robinson Hall , then go to Gardner House .
go to the 86 Waterman  , then go to John Carter Brown Library .
go to the Maxcy Hall , then go to Wilbour Hall .
go to the Class of 1887 Gate , then go to Wayland .
go to the Robinson Hall , then go to John Hay Library .
go to the Marcus Aurelius , then go to Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to Lot 17 via the Medical Research Lab .
go to Starbucks via the Sears .
go to J.W. Wilson via the Horace Mann House .
go to Hope College via the 86 Waterman  .
go to Van Wickle Gates via the Van Wickle Gates .
go to Class of 1872 Gate via the Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to Saint Stephens Church via the Horace Mann House .
go to Maxcy Hall via the Slavery Memorial .
go to Sayles Hall via the Van Wickle Gates .
go to Sharpe Refectory via the Carrie Tower .
go to Brown Center for Students of Color via the Maxcy Hall .
go to Maxcy Hall via the Maddock Alumni  .
go to Brown University via the Rockefeller Library .
go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences via the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to the Brown Bear before going to Rhode Island Hall .
go to the Rockefeller Library before going to Lyman Hall .
go to the Quiet Green before going to Campus Market .
go to the Brown University Sciences Library before going to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to the Mencoff Hall before going to Quiet Green .
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching before going to Class of 1887 Gate .
go to the Brown University Sciences Library before going to Caswell Hall .
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop before going to P-131317 .
go to the Wriston Quad before going to Wilbour Hall .
go to P-131317 through the Wayland .
go to Class of 1872 Gate through the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to Slater Hall through the Lippit House .
go to Kassar House through the 86 Waterman  .
go to Lyman Hall through the Walter Hall .
go to Friedman Hall through the List Art Building .
go to Rhode Island Hall through the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to Finlandia through the BERT .
go to Metcalf Research Building through the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to Slavery Memorial through the Littlefield Hall .
go to John Hay Library through the Lot 18 .
go to Friedman Hall through the Carrie Tower .
go to Wriston Quad through the Citizen's Bank .
go to Rhode Island Hall through the Class of 1887 Gate .
go to Gardner House through the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to the Gardner House before going to Lyman Hall .
go to the Lincoln Field Building before going to Walter Hall .
go to the Saint Stephens Church before going to Brown University Sciences Library .
go to the Idee di pietra before going to Brown Bear .
go to the Robinson Gate before going to Lot 17 .
go to the Van Wickle Gates before going to Brown University .
go to the Sears before going to J.W. Wilson .
go to the J.W. Wilson before going to Walter Hall .
go to the Brown Bear before going to Sharpe Refectory .
go to the Quiet Green before going to J.W. Wilson .
go from the Gardner House to Maddock Alumni 
go from the Carrie Tower to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ
go from the Brown Bear to List Art Building
go from the Medical Research Lab to War Memorial
go from the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop to Robinson Hall
go from the Brown University Sciences Library to Maxcy Hall
go from the Sears to Wriston Quad
go from the Wriston Quad to Marcus Aurelius
go from the Hughes Court to Brown University
go from the Lyman Hall to Brown Center for Students of Color
go from the Citizen's Bank to Sears
go from the Brown Bear to Watson Center for Information Technology
go from the P-131317 to Robinson Hall
go from the P-131317 to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ
go from the Sears to Wriston Quad
go to John Nicholas Brown Gate by first going to the Manning .
go to J.W. Wilson by first going to the Class of 1887 Gate .
go to Arnold Laboratory by first going to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology by first going to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to Lyman Hall by first going to the Prospect House .
go to Medical Research Lab by first going to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to Van Wickle Gates by first going to the Wriston Quad .
go to Casey Shearer Memorial by first going to the Simmons Quadrangle .
go to Lot 17 by first going to the Lyman Hall .
go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ by first going to the Lot 76 .
go to Marston Hall by first going to the Lot 18 .
go to Brown University by first going to the Maxcy Green .
go to landmark 2 , but never through it
go to John Carter Brown Library through the Slater Hall .
go to Brown Bear through the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to Starbucks through the Idee di pietra .
go to Prince Engineering Lab through the Brown University .
go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop through the Norwood House .
go to Lyman Hall through the BERT .
go to Kassar House through the Walter Hall .
go to War Memorial through the Walter Hall .
go to Slater Hall through the John Carter Brown Library .
go to Medical Research Lab through the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to Lyman Hall through the John Carter Brown Library .
go to Idee di pietra through the Brown Bear .
go to Brown Bear through the Marston Hall .
go to List Art Building through the Prospect House .
go to Gardner House through the Robinson Hall .
go to Saint Stephens Church through the Class of 1872 Gate .
go to Caswell Hall through the BERT .
go to Class of 1872 Gate through the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to Brown Bear through the Hope College .
go to Swearer Center for Public Service through the BERT .
go to Slater Hall through the Mencoff Hall .
go to Faunce House through the Manning .
go to Salomon Center for Teaching through the Minden Hall .
go to Brown Center for Students of Color through the Wilbour Hall .
go to Marcus Aurelius through the War Memorial .
go to Gardner House through the Prince Engineering Lab .
go to Norwood House through the Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to Littlefield Hall through the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to BERT through the Class of 1872 Gate .
go through the Wilbour Hall to Hope College .
go through the Swearer Center for Public Service to P-131317 .
go through the Lot 76 to Van Wickle Gates .
go through the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity to University Hall .
go through the Van Wickle Gates to John Carter Brown Library .
go through the Soldiers Memorial Gate to The Ivy Room .
go through the Class of 1872 Gate to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go through the Urban Environmental Lab to BERT .
go through the William Goddard Memorial Gate to BERT .
go through the Friedman Hall to Mencoff Hall .
go through the Class of 1887 Gate to War Memorial .
go through the Wilbour Hall to Lot 76 .
go through the Sayles Hall to Prospect House .
go through the Maxcy Green to Metcalf Research Building .
go through the Class of 1872 Gate to Sears .
avoid the Brown University until you go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
avoid the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity until you go to the Brown Bear .
avoid the Carrie Tower until you go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
avoid the Soldiers Memorial Gate until you go to the Sears .
avoid the Maddock Alumni  until you go to the Wilbour Hall .
avoid the Gardner House until you go to the John Hay Library .
avoid the Sears until you go to the Quiet Green .
avoid the Urban Environmental Lab until you go to the Carrie Tower .
avoid the Sears until you go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
avoid the Gardner House until you go to the Starbucks .
avoid the The Ivy Room until you go to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to or through the Littlefield Hall always avoid going through the J.W. Wilson
go to or through the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority always avoid going through the Saint Stephens Church
go to or through the Lot 18 always avoid going through the Medical Research Lab
go to or through the Sharpe Refectory always avoid going through the Faunce House
go to or through the Untitled Lamp/Bear always avoid going through the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ
go to or through the Mencoff Hall always avoid going through the Shirley Miller House
go to or through the Hegeman always avoid going through the Hope College
go to or through the Barus Building always avoid going through the Untitled Lamp/Bear
go to or through the Wriston Quad always avoid going through the Marcus Aurelius
go to or through the Metcalf Research Building always avoid going through the Lot 76
avoid the Lot 18 until you go to the Robinson Hall .
avoid the Idee di pietra until you go to the 86 Waterman  .
avoid the John Carter Brown Library until you go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
avoid the Sears until you go to the Lot 17 .
avoid the Lyman Hall until you go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
avoid the Lot 17 until you go to the Simmons Quadrangle .
avoid the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority until you go to the Prince Engineering Lab .
avoid the BERT until you go to the John Carter Brown Library .
avoid the Wilbour Hall until you go to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
avoid the Minden Hall until you go to the John Hay Library .
avoid the Blue Room until you go to the Littlefield Hall .
avoid the Carrie Tower until you go to the Lyman Hall .
avoid the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology until you go to the Campus Market .
avoid the Lot 76 until you go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
avoid the Rhode Island Hall until you go to the Gardner House .
avoid the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority until going to the Maddock Alumni  .
avoid the Starbucks until going to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
avoid the Lot 76 until going to the Citizen's Bank .
avoid the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall until going to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
avoid the Faunce House until going to the Starbucks .
avoid the Starbucks until going to the Manning .
avoid the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority until going to the Quiet Green .
avoid the Hughes Court until going to the List Art Building .
avoid the Urban Environmental Lab until going to the Medical Research Lab .
avoid the War Memorial until going to the John Carter Brown Library .
avoid the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity until going to the Robinson Gate .
avoid the Gardner House until going to the Maxcy Green .
avoid the Prince Engineering Lab until going to the Citizen's Bank .
avoid the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority until going to the University Hall .
go to the Idee di pietra . if you reached the Idee di pietra then you may go to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to the Van Wickle Gates . if you reached the Van Wickle Gates then you may go to the 86 Waterman  .
go to the Minden Hall . if you reached the Minden Hall then you may go to the Robinson Hall .
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop . if you reached the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop then you may go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to the Circle Dance Sculpture . if you reached the Circle Dance Sculpture then you may go to the Littlefield Hall .
go to the Brown Bear . if you reached the Brown Bear then you may go to the Lot 17 .
go to the Saint Stephens Church . if you reached the Saint Stephens Church then you may go to the Campus Market .
go to the Arnold Laboratory . if you reached the Arnold Laboratory then you may go to the College Green .
go to the University Hall . if you reached the University Hall then you may go to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the List Art Building but do not go through the Lyman Hall first .
go to the John Hay Library but do not go through the John Hay Library first .
go to the John Hay Library but do not go through the Mencoff Hall first .
go to the Brown Bear but do not go through the Salomon Center for Teaching first .
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching but do not go through the Slater Hall first .
go to the Arnold Laboratory but do not go through the Norwood House first .
go to the Rockefeller Library but do not go through the Soldiers Memorial Gate first .
go to the Casey Shearer Memorial but do not go through the Marcus Aurelius first .
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority but do not go through the Caswell Hall first .
go to the P-131317 and then to the Brown University Sciences Library .
go to the Blue Room and then to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate and then to the University Hall .
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity and then to the List Art Building .
go to the Hope College and then to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to the Urban Environmental Lab and then to the Lot 18 .
go to the Sears and then to the Urban Environmental Lab .
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching and then to the College Green .
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ and then to the Wayland .
go to the Arnold Laboratory and then to the J.W. Wilson .
go to the The Ivy Room and then to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to the 67 George and then to the Class of 1887 Gate .
go to the Finlandia and then to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to the Blue Room and then to the Brown University Sciences Library .
go to or through the Slavery Memorial while avoiding going through the Salomon Center for Teaching
go to or through the Mencoff Hall while avoiding going through the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall
go to or through the Quiet Green while avoiding going through the Friedman Hall
go to or through the Salomon Center for Teaching while avoiding going through the Lyman Hall
go to or through the John Carter Brown Library while avoiding going through the Van Wickle Gates
go to or through the John Hay Library while avoiding going through the Sears
go to or through the J.W. Wilson while avoiding going through the List Art Building
go to or through the Rhode Island Hall while avoiding going through the Wilbour Hall
go to or through the The Ivy Room while avoiding going through the BERT
go to or through the Class of 1872 Gate while avoiding going through the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority
go to or through the Urban Environmental Lab while avoiding going through the Brown University
avoid the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority until you go to the BERT .
avoid the Wilbour Hall until you go to the Wriston Quad .
avoid the Slater Hall until you go to the Wayland .
avoid the John Hay Library until you go to the Lippit House .
avoid the John Hay Library until you go to the Saint Stephens Church .
avoid the Simmons Quadrangle until you go to the Hughes Court .
avoid the Friedman Hall until you go to the John Hay Library .
avoid the Faunce House until you go to the Shirley Miller House .
avoid the Lyman Hall until you go to the Idee di pietra .
avoid the Kassar House until you go to the Slavery Memorial .
avoid the Walter Hall until you go to the Finlandia .
avoid the Class of 1887 Gate until you go to the Littlefield Hall .
avoid the Blue Room until you go to the Mencoff Hall .
avoid the Hegeman until you go to the Idee di pietra .
avoid the Friedman Hall until you go to the Slater Hall .
avoid the Prince Engineering Lab until you go to the John Hay Library .
avoid the Robinson Hall until you go to the Horace Mann House .
avoid the Quiet Green until you go to the Maddock Alumni  .
avoid the Lot 76 until you go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
avoid the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate until you go to the Van Wickle Gates .
avoid the Idee di pietra until you go to the John Hay Library .
avoid the Littlefield Hall and go to the Lot 17 . if you reached the Lot 17 then you may go to the Littlefield Hall , or just stay on the Lot 17 .
avoid the Class of 1872 Gate and go to the Hope College . if you reached the Hope College then you may go to the Class of 1872 Gate , or just stay on the Hope College .
avoid the William Goddard Memorial Gate and go to the Medical Research Lab . if you reached the Medical Research Lab then you may go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate , or just stay on the Medical Research Lab .
avoid the Untitled Lamp/Bear and go to the Mencoff Hall . if you reached the Mencoff Hall then you may go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear , or just stay on the Mencoff Hall .
avoid the Barus Building and go to the Rhode Island Hall . if you reached the Rhode Island Hall then you may go to the Barus Building , or just stay on the Rhode Island Hall .
avoid the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity and go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences . if you reached the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences then you may go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity , or just stay on the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
avoid the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate and go to the Wilbour Hall . if you reached the Wilbour Hall then you may go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate , or just stay on the Wilbour Hall .
avoid the Wriston Quad and go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate . if you reached the Soldiers Memorial Gate then you may go to the Wriston Quad , or just stay on the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
avoid the Lippit House and go to the Barus Building . if you reached the Barus Building then you may go to the Lippit House , or just stay on the Barus Building .
avoid the Shirley Miller House and go to the Prince Engineering Lab . if you reached the Prince Engineering Lab then you may go to the Shirley Miller House , or just stay on the Prince Engineering Lab .
avoid the Robinson Hall and go to the Hughes Court . if you reached the Hughes Court then you may go to the Robinson Hall , or just stay on the Hughes Court .
avoid the Slavery Memorial and go to the Kassar House . if you reached the Kassar House then you may go to the Slavery Memorial , or just stay on the Kassar House .
avoid the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate and go to the P-131317 . if you reached the P-131317 then you may go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate , or just stay on the P-131317 .
avoid the Wayland and go to the Finlandia . if you reached the Finlandia then you may go to the Wayland , or just stay on the Finlandia .
go to the Circle Dance Sculpture through Kassar House .
go to the John Carter Brown Library through Brown University Sciences Library .
go to the Norwood House through Lot 76 .
go to the Lippit House through Sharpe Refectory .
go to the Wriston Quad through Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to the Campus Market through Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate through Lyman Hall .
go to the 86 Waterman  through Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to the Rockefeller Library through Prince Engineering Lab .
go to the Van Wickle Gates through Class of 1887 Gate .
go to the Norwood House through Caswell Hall .
go to the Quiet Green through Wilbour Hall .
go to the Maxcy Green through John Hay Library .
avoid the Brown Bear until you navigate to the Campus Market .
avoid the Prospect House until you navigate to the Van Wickle Gates .
avoid the William Goddard Memorial Gate until you navigate to the Rockefeller Library .
avoid the Mencoff Hall until you navigate to the Wriston Quad .
avoid the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity until you navigate to the Faunce House .
avoid the Salomon Center for Teaching until you navigate to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
avoid the Quiet Green until you navigate to the Sears .
avoid the Sharpe Refectory until you navigate to the Maxcy Hall .
avoid the Faunce House until you navigate to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
avoid the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop until you navigate to the Lot 18 .
avoid the Shirley Miller House until you navigate to the Arnold Laboratory .
avoid the Lyman Hall until you navigate to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
avoid the Faunce House until you navigate to the Idee di pietra .
avoid the Arnold Laboratory until you navigate to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to or through the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity always avoid going through the Lyman Hall
go to or through the Gardner House always avoid going through the List Art Building
go to or through the Casey Shearer Memorial always avoid going through the John Hay Library
go to or through the Norwood House always avoid going through the Robinson Gate
go to or through the Saint Stephens Church always avoid going through the College Green
go to or through the William Goddard Memorial Gate always avoid going through the P-131317
go to or through the Shirley Miller House always avoid going through the Prospect House
go to or through the Manning always avoid going through the Lot 18
go to or through the P-131317 always avoid going through the Marston Hall
go to or through the Watson Center for Information Technology always avoid going through the Mencoff Hall
go to or through the Marston Hall always avoid going through the P-131317
avoid the Gardner House until after going to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
avoid the Littlefield Hall until after going to the Minden Hall .
avoid the Robinson Hall until after going to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
avoid the Lot 76 until after going to the Finlandia .
avoid the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority until after going to the Manning .
avoid the Van Wickle Gates until after going to the College Green .
avoid the Caswell Hall until after going to the Carrie Tower .
avoid the John Nicholas Brown Gate until after going to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
avoid the John Hay Library until after going to the Walter Hall .
avoid the Horace Mann House until after going to the Brown University .
avoid the Brown University Sciences Library until after going to the Lyman Hall .
avoid the Robinson Gate until after going to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate without going through the John Hay Library . if you reached the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate then you can go to the John Hay Library , or be done .
go to the Brown Bear without going through the Watson Center for Information Technology . if you reached the Brown Bear then you can go to the Watson Center for Information Technology , or be done .
go to the Maddock Alumni  without going through the List Art Building . if you reached the Maddock Alumni  then you can go to the List Art Building , or be done .
go to the Maxcy Hall without going through the Mencoff Hall . if you reached the Maxcy Hall then you can go to the Mencoff Hall , or be done .
go to the Norwood House without going through the William Goddard Memorial Gate . if you reached the Norwood House then you can go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate , or be done .
go to the Class of 1887 Gate without going through the Slavery Memorial . if you reached the Class of 1887 Gate then you can go to the Slavery Memorial , or be done .
go to the Sharpe Refectory without going through the Brown Bear . if you reached the Sharpe Refectory then you can go to the Brown Bear , or be done .
go to the Horace Mann House without going through the Circle Dance Sculpture . if you reached the Horace Mann House then you can go to the Circle Dance Sculpture , or be done .
go to the Idee di pietra without going through the Saint Stephens Church . if you reached the Idee di pietra then you can go to the Saint Stephens Church , or be done .
avoid the War Memorial until going to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
avoid the Class of 1872 Gate until going to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
avoid the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate until going to the Class of 1872 Gate .
avoid the Simmons Quadrangle until going to the Prospect House .
avoid the Lot 18 until going to the Marcus Aurelius .
avoid the Maxcy Hall until going to the Arnold Laboratory .
avoid the Finlandia until going to the The Ivy Room .
avoid the Brown University until going to the John Carter Brown Library .
avoid the Shirley Miller House until going to the Metcalf Research Building .
avoid the Class of 1887 Gate until going to the Mencoff Hall .
avoid the Wriston Quad until going to the J.W. Wilson .
avoid the Simmons Quadrangle until going to the Faunce House .
avoid the Hughes Court until going to the War Memorial .
avoid the Walter Hall before you navigate to the Lot 76 .
avoid the Barus Building before you navigate to the John Carter Brown Library .
avoid the 67 George before you navigate to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
avoid the Walter Hall before you navigate to the Lot 18 .
avoid the Wayland before you navigate to the Wriston Quad .
avoid the Lyman Hall before you navigate to the Brown University Sciences Library .
avoid the Hegeman before you navigate to the BERT .
avoid the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall before you navigate to the Maxcy Green .
avoid the Rockefeller Library before you navigate to the Idee di pietra .
avoid the Brown Bear before you navigate to the 86 Waterman  .
avoid the John Nicholas Brown Gate until you navigate to the Lyman Hall .
avoid the J.W. Wilson until you navigate to the Wriston Quad .
avoid the Sayles Hall until you navigate to the List Art Building .
avoid the Arnold Laboratory until you navigate to the Lot 76 .
avoid the Brown University Sciences Library until you navigate to the Lot 18 .
avoid the P-131317 until you navigate to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
avoid the Brown Center for Students of Color until you navigate to the Saint Stephens Church .
avoid the Van Wickle Gates until you navigate to the Norwood House .
avoid the Lot 18 until you navigate to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
avoid the Slavery Memorial until you navigate to the Wilbour Hall .
avoid the John Nicholas Brown Gate until you navigate to the Friedman Hall .
avoid the War Memorial until you navigate to the Prospect House .
avoid the Hughes Court until you navigate to the P-131317 .
avoid the Hegeman until you navigate to the Barus Building .
go to Class of 1887 Gate before going to Robinson Hall .
go to Norwood House before going to Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to John Nicholas Brown Gate before going to Slavery Memorial .
go to Carrie Tower before going to Prospect House .
go to College Green before going to Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to Slavery Memorial before going to Mencoff Hall .
go to Hughes Court before going to Campus Market .
go to Barus Building before going to Van Wickle Gates .
go to Starbucks before going to Gardner House .
go to Robinson Gate before going to Sayles Hall .
go to Quiet Green before going to Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to or through the Marston Hall always avoid going through the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ
go to or through the Van Wickle Gates always avoid going through the Brown University Sciences Library
go to or through the Maddock Alumni  always avoid going through the Quiet Green
go to or through the P-131317 always avoid going through the War Memorial
go to or through the Norwood House always avoid going through the Lot 17
go to or through the Sayles Hall always avoid going through the Idee di pietra
go to or through the Wayland always avoid going through the Casey Shearer Memorial
go to or through the Van Wickle Gates always avoid going through the Maxcy Hall
go to or through the Walter Hall always avoid going through the Friedman Hall
go to or through the Mencoff Hall always avoid going through the Faunce House
go to or through the Hughes Court always avoid going through the Campus Market
go to or through the Horace Mann House always avoid going through the William Goddard Memorial Gate
go to or through the Lippit House always avoid going through the Minden Hall
go to or through the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ always avoid going through the Lippit House
go to or through the Blue Room always avoid going through the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology
avoid the Brown Center for Students of Color until going to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
avoid the Norwood House until going to the Rockefeller Library .
avoid the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity until going to the Walter Hall .
avoid the Robinson Gate until going to the BERT .
avoid the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall until going to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
avoid the Brown Bear until going to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
avoid the Wilbour Hall until going to the Lincoln Field Building .
avoid the John Nicholas Brown Gate until going to the Brown University Sciences Library .
avoid the Rockefeller Library until going to the Quiet Green .
avoid the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate until going to the John Hay Library .
avoid the John Hay Library until going to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
avoid the Blue Room until going to the Mencoff Hall .
avoid the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity until going to the Walter Hall .
go to the Metcalf Research Building avoiding the Slavery Memorial . if you get to Metcalf Research Building you can then proceed to the Slavery Memorial
go to the Brown Bear avoiding the Wayland . if you get to Brown Bear you can then proceed to the Wayland
go to the Brown University avoiding the Minden Hall . if you get to Brown University you can then proceed to the Minden Hall
go to the Robinson Hall avoiding the Marcus Aurelius . if you get to Robinson Hall you can then proceed to the Marcus Aurelius
go to the Lot 17 avoiding the Campus Market . if you get to Lot 17 you can then proceed to the Campus Market
go to the Carrie Tower avoiding the Friedman Hall . if you get to Carrie Tower you can then proceed to the Friedman Hall
go to the Wilbour Hall avoiding the Maxcy Hall . if you get to Wilbour Hall you can then proceed to the Maxcy Hall
go to the Class of 1872 Gate avoiding the Horace Mann House . if you get to Class of 1872 Gate you can then proceed to the Horace Mann House
go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology avoiding the Littlefield Hall . if you get to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology you can then proceed to the Littlefield Hall
go to the Metcalf Research Building avoiding the Rhode Island Hall . if you get to Metcalf Research Building you can then proceed to the Rhode Island Hall
go to the Marcus Aurelius avoiding the Sayles Hall . if you get to Marcus Aurelius you can then proceed to the Sayles Hall
go to the Class of 1872 Gate avoiding the Maddock Alumni  . if you get to Class of 1872 Gate you can then proceed to the Maddock Alumni 
go to the Barus Building avoiding the Slater Hall . if you get to Barus Building you can then proceed to the Slater Hall
go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear avoiding the 67 George . if you get to Untitled Lamp/Bear you can then proceed to the 67 George
avoid the Littlefield Hall until going to the Class of 1872 Gate .
avoid the Manning until going to the Slavery Memorial .
avoid the Medical Research Lab until going to the College Green .
avoid the Rhode Island Hall until going to the Sharpe Refectory .
avoid the Marcus Aurelius until going to the Friedman Hall .
avoid the Lippit House until going to the Citizen's Bank .
avoid the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity until going to the College Green .
avoid the Slavery Memorial until going to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
avoid the Brown University Sciences Library until going to the Shirley Miller House .
avoid the Mencoff Hall until going to the Van Wickle Gates .
avoid the List Art Building until going to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
avoid the Hughes Court until going to the Campus Market .
avoid the List Art Building until going to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
avoid the J.W. Wilson until going to the Lot 17 .
avoid the Hegeman until going to the Barus Building .
always avoid going through the Marston Hall to the Minden Hall
always avoid going through the BERT to the Salomon Center for Teaching
always avoid going through the John Hay Library to the Class of 1872 Gate
always avoid going through the Brown University Sciences Library to the Lot 76
always avoid going through the Lyman Hall to the Maxcy Green
always avoid going through the Wriston Quad to the War Memorial
always avoid going through the Walter Hall to the Sharpe Refectory
always avoid going through the Robinson Gate to the Friedman Hall
always avoid going through the Slater Hall to the Horace Mann House
go to the Brown University avoiding the Brown University . if you reached the Horace Mann House you can stay there , or head to the Brown University .
go to the Friedman Hall avoiding the Friedman Hall . if you reached the List Art Building you can stay there , or head to the Friedman Hall .
go to the Metcalf Research Building avoiding the Metcalf Research Building . if you reached the Lincoln Field Building you can stay there , or head to the Metcalf Research Building .
go to the Rhode Island Hall avoiding the Rhode Island Hall . if you reached the Sharpe Refectory you can stay there , or head to the Rhode Island Hall .
go to the Slavery Memorial avoiding the Slavery Memorial . if you reached the Maddock Alumni  you can stay there , or head to the Slavery Memorial .
go to the Lincoln Field Building avoiding the Lincoln Field Building . if you reached the Sharpe Refectory you can stay there , or head to the Lincoln Field Building .
go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate avoiding the John Nicholas Brown Gate . if you reached the Carrie Tower you can stay there , or head to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to the The Ivy Room avoiding the The Ivy Room . if you reached the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop you can stay there , or head to the The Ivy Room .
go to the Slavery Memorial avoiding the Slavery Memorial . if you reached the Class of 1872 Gate you can stay there , or head to the Slavery Memorial .
avoid the Carrie Tower until you go to the Faunce House .
avoid the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate until you go to the Littlefield Hall .
avoid the Horace Mann House until you go to the Lot 17 .
avoid the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology until you go to the Idee di pietra .
avoid the Circle Dance Sculpture until you go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
avoid the Lot 18 until you go to the Kassar House .
avoid the Brown Bear until you go to the Minden Hall .
avoid the John Carter Brown Library until you go to the Lyman Hall .
avoid the Untitled Lamp/Bear until you go to the Brown University .
avoid the Hope College until reaching the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
avoid the Class of 1872 Gate until reaching the Brown Bear .
avoid the Casey Shearer Memorial until reaching the Brown University Sciences Library .
avoid the Hegeman until reaching the Van Wickle Gates .
avoid the Lot 76 until reaching the BERT .
avoid the Circle Dance Sculpture until reaching the Rhode Island Hall .
avoid the Sharpe Refectory until reaching the Marcus Aurelius .
avoid the Marcus Aurelius until reaching the Citizen's Bank .
avoid the Wayland until reaching the Casey Shearer Memorial .
avoid Lippit House and go to the Carrie Tower .
avoid Caswell Hall and go to the Brown University .
avoid Maxcy Green and go to the Littlefield Hall .
avoid Friedman Hall and go to the BERT .
avoid Marston Hall and go to the Lot 17 .
avoid Carrie Tower and go to the Hope College .
avoid P-131317 and go to the Marston Hall .
avoid Manning and go to the Brown University Sciences Library .
avoid Saint Stephens Church and go to the Lincoln Field Building .
avoid Lincoln Field Building and go to the Wayland .
go to a spot in the Mencoff Hall , but do n't touch Starbucks .
go to a spot in the Urban Environmental Lab , but do n't touch Van Wickle Gates .
go to a spot in the Blue Room , but do n't touch Slater Hall .
go to a spot in the Brown University Sciences Library , but do n't touch Robinson Hall .
go to a spot in the Untitled Lamp/Bear , but do n't touch John Carter Brown Library .
go to a spot in the Maxcy Green , but do n't touch Rockefeller Library .
go to a spot in the Slater Hall , but do n't touch John Hay Library .
go to a spot in the Carrie Tower , but do n't touch Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to a spot in the Watson Center for Information Technology , but do n't touch Brown University Sciences Library .
go to a spot in the Simmons Quadrangle , but do n't touch Carrie Tower .
go to a spot in the Lyman Hall , but do n't touch Saint Stephens Church .
always avoid Citizen's Bank and go to the Hope College .
always avoid Morgan Witter Rogers Gate and go to the Hope College .
always avoid Brown University Sciences Library and go to the War Memorial .
always avoid Brown Bear and go to the Brown University .
always avoid Swearer Center for Public Service and go to the Prospect House .
always avoid William Goddard Memorial Gate and go to the Walter Hall .
always avoid Kassar House and go to the Sharpe Refectory .
always avoid The Ivy Room and go to the Brown University Sciences Library .
always avoid Brown University and go to the Friedman Hall .
always avoid Arnold Laboratory and go to the Marcus Aurelius .
always avoid Untitled Lamp/Bear and go to the Urban Environmental Lab .
always avoid Mencoff Hall and go to the Finlandia .
always avoid Friedman Hall and navigate to the Mencoff Hall .
always avoid Idee di pietra and navigate to the Maxcy Green .
always avoid Alpha Chi Omega Sorority and navigate to the Metcalf Research Building .
always avoid Finlandia and navigate to the Wilbour Hall .
always avoid Lippit House and navigate to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
always avoid War Memorial and navigate to the Marston Hall .
always avoid Brown Center for Students of Color and navigate to the John Hay Library .
always avoid Wilbour Hall and navigate to the Brown Bear .
always avoid William Goddard Memorial Gate and navigate to the University Hall .
always avoid Slater Hall and navigate to the Sears .
always avoid Hughes Court and navigate to the John Carter Brown Library .
go to landmark 1
go to landmark 1
avoid Casey Shearer Memorial and go to the Lippit House .
avoid Class of 1872 Gate and go to the Manning .
avoid Morgan Witter Rogers Gate and go to the War Memorial .
avoid John Carter Brown Library and go to the Van Wickle Gates .
avoid John Carter Brown Library and go to the 67 George .
avoid Salomon Center for Teaching and go to the Van Wickle Gates .
avoid List Art Building and go to the Caswell Hall .
avoid Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity and go to the Metcalf Research Building .
avoid Citizen's Bank and go to the 86 Waterman  .
avoid Carrie Tower and go to the List Art Building .
avoid The Ivy Room and go to the Shirley Miller House .
avoid Slater Hall and go to the P-131317 .
avoid List Art Building and go to the Shirley Miller House .
go to the Norwood House avoiding Lyman Hall .
go to the Prospect House avoiding Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to the Lippit House avoiding Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Starbucks avoiding Robinson Hall .
go to the Carrie Tower avoiding Maxcy Green .
go to the Carrie Tower avoiding Wriston Quad .
go to the Metcalf Research Building avoiding Sayles Hall .
go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate avoiding Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to the Class of 1887 Gate avoiding Kassar House .
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority avoiding Carrie Tower .
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall avoiding Manning .
go to the Arnold Laboratory , avoiding Friedman Hall .
go to the John Hay Library , avoiding Marcus Aurelius .
go to the Carrie Tower , avoiding Hegeman .
go to the Lot 76 , avoiding Friedman Hall .
go to the Horace Mann House , avoiding Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to the Barus Building , avoiding Kassar House .
go to the Prince Engineering Lab , avoiding Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to the Casey Shearer Memorial , avoiding Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to the Horace Mann House , avoiding Sears .
go to the Wilbour Hall , avoiding Urban Environmental Lab .
go to the John Hay Library , avoiding Friedman Hall .
go to the Wayland , avoiding Robinson Gate .
go to the List Art Building , avoiding Minden Hall .
always avoid Hope College and navigate to the Quiet Green .
always avoid Sears and navigate to the War Memorial .
always avoid Gardner House and navigate to the Maxcy Hall .
always avoid Salomon Center for Teaching and navigate to the P-131317 .
always avoid Prospect House and navigate to the Saint Stephens Church .
always avoid Slavery Memorial and navigate to the Brown Bear .
always avoid Brown Center for Students of Color and navigate to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
always avoid Hegeman and navigate to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
always avoid Soldiers Memorial Gate and navigate to the Carrie Tower .
always avoid Finlandia and navigate to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
always avoid Maxcy Hall and navigate to the Marston Hall .
always avoid Norwood House and navigate to the P-131317 .
always avoid Swearer Center for Public Service and navigate to the Minden Hall .
go to the John Hay Library while avoiding Salomon Center for Teaching
go to the Norwood House while avoiding List Art Building
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall while avoiding Maxcy Green
go to the Class of 1887 Gate while avoiding Arnold Laboratory
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall while avoiding Maddock Alumni 
go to the Class of 1887 Gate while avoiding Sayles Hall
go to the Medical Research Lab while avoiding Metcalf Research Building
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop while avoiding Slavery Memorial
go to the Citizen's Bank while avoiding Gardner House
go to the John Hay Library while avoiding Slater Hall
go to the Starbucks while avoiding GeoChem and Macmillian Hall
go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate while avoiding Carrie Tower .
go to the P-131317 while avoiding War Memorial .
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity while avoiding Idee di pietra .
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching while avoiding Hughes Court .
go to the Hegeman while avoiding John Carter Brown Library .
go to the Simmons Quadrangle while avoiding Caswell Hall .
go to the P-131317 while avoiding William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate while avoiding Finlandia .
go to the Walter Hall while avoiding War Memorial .
go to the Barus Building while avoiding Quiet Green .
go to the Wilbour Hall while avoiding Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate while avoiding Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Gardner House while avoiding Slavery Memorial .
avoid Starbucks while going to the Brown Bear .
avoid The Ivy Room while going to the Van Wickle Gates .
avoid Salomon Center for Teaching while going to the Littlefield Hall .
avoid Wriston Quad while going to the Hegeman .
avoid Arnold Laboratory while going to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
avoid Brown University Sciences Library while going to the Friedman Hall .
avoid Caswell Hall while going to the Saint Stephens Church .
avoid Quiet Green while going to the Urban Environmental Lab .
avoid Prince Engineering Lab while going to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
avoid Finlandia while going to the Littlefield Hall .
avoid The Ivy Room while going to the Simmons Quadrangle .
avoid Gardner House while going to the John Carter Brown Library .
avoid Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity while going to the Carrie Tower .
avoid Minden Hall and go to the Starbucks .
avoid College Green and go to the Lot 17 .
avoid Slavery Memorial and go to the Lot 76 .
avoid Manning and go to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
avoid Lyman Hall and go to the Littlefield Hall .
avoid John Hay Library and go to the Lincoln Field Building .
avoid Wayland and go to the Sears .
avoid Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology and go to the Sayles Hall .
avoid Brown Center for Students of Color and go to the Hope College .
avoid Brown Center for Students of Color and go to the Class of 1887 Gate .
avoid Blue Room and go to the Sears .
avoid Hughes Court and go to the John Carter Brown Library .
avoid Rockefeller Library and go to the Brown University Sciences Library .
avoid Alpha Chi Omega Sorority and go to the Prospect House .
avoid Salomon Center for Teaching and go to the Slavery Memorial .
avoid Untitled Lamp/Bear and go to the College Green .
avoid Watson Center for Information Technology and go to the Idee di pietra .
avoid Norwood House and go to the Maxcy Green .
avoid Maxcy Hall and go to the Sharpe Refectory .
avoid P-131317 and go to the List Art Building .
avoid Hope College and go to the Norwood House .
avoid Marcus Aurelius and go to the Slavery Memorial .
avoid Maddock Alumni  and go to the Class of 1872 Gate .
avoid BERT and go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
avoid College Green and go to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
avoid Slater Hall and go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
avoid Arnold Laboratory and go to the Lyman Hall .
avoid Brown Center for Students of Color and go to the Maxcy Green .
avoid BERT and go to the P-131317 .
avoid Marcus Aurelius and go to the Carrie Tower .
avoid Horace Mann House and go to the Barus Building .
avoid Mencoff Hall and go to the BERT .
avoid Brown Bear and go to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
avoid The Ivy Room and go to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ without touching Lyman Hall .
go to the University Hall without touching P-131317 .
go to the Van Wickle Gates without touching Metcalf Research Building .
go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear without touching List Art Building .
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority without touching Saint Stephens Church .
go to the Maxcy Green without touching Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to the Wayland without touching Brown Bear .
go to the Slavery Memorial without touching Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to the Sears without touching Lincoln Field Building .
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority without touching Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to the John Hay Library without touching Sears .
go to the University Hall without touching John Hay Library .
go to the Brown University Sciences Library without touching Urban Environmental Lab .
avoid Horace Mann House on your way to the Sears .
avoid Manning on your way to the Hope College .
avoid Salomon Center for Teaching on your way to the Friedman Hall .
avoid BERT on your way to the Medical Research Lab .
avoid Wayland on your way to the John Carter Brown Library .
avoid Class of 1887 Gate on your way to the Brown University Sciences Library .
avoid The Ivy Room on your way to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
avoid Maxcy Hall on your way to the Sears .
avoid Lot 76 on your way to the Shirley Miller House .
avoid Circle Dance Sculpture on your way to the J.W. Wilson .
avoid Robinson Gate on your way to the Norwood House .
avoid Finlandia on your way to the Idee di pietra .
avoid Robinson Hall on your way to the Horace Mann House .
avoid Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop on your way to the List Art Building .
go to the Class of 1872 Gate while always avoiding Lot 76
go to the Brown University Sciences Library while always avoiding Casey Shearer Memorial
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop while always avoiding Lippit House
go to the Blue Room while always avoiding Maddock Alumni 
go to the List Art Building while always avoiding Brown University Sciences Library
go to the College Green while always avoiding Alpha Chi Omega Sorority
go to the Starbucks while always avoiding Sharpe Refectory
go to the Citizen's Bank while always avoiding Hope College
go to the Lyman Hall while always avoiding Alpha Chi Omega Sorority
go to the Brown Bear avoiding Medical Research Lab .
go to the Minden Hall avoiding Barus Building .
go to the Lippit House avoiding Brown University Sciences Library .
go to the Wilbour Hall avoiding Class of 1872 Gate .
go to the 67 George avoiding Faunce House .
go to the Maxcy Green avoiding Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to the Slavery Memorial avoiding Rockefeller Library .
go to the Lot 17 avoiding Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to the Urban Environmental Lab avoiding Lot 18 .
go to the Swearer Center for Public Service avoiding Lot 76 .
go to the Robinson Gate avoiding Lot 18 .
head to the John Hay Library avoiding Robinson Hall .
head to the P-131317 avoiding Littlefield Hall .
head to the Brown Bear avoiding Carrie Tower .
head to the Manning avoiding Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
head to the Friedman Hall avoiding Marston Hall .
head to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ avoiding Littlefield Hall .
head to the List Art Building avoiding Brown University .
head to the 86 Waterman  avoiding Brown University Sciences Library .
head to the Faunce House avoiding War Memorial .
head to the 86 Waterman  avoiding P-131317 .
go to the Sears and avoid Prospect House .
go to the Carrie Tower and avoid Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to the Circle Dance Sculpture and avoid Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to the Class of 1872 Gate and avoid Brown University .
go to the Brown Bear and avoid Prince Engineering Lab .
go to the Sayles Hall and avoid Faunce House .
go to the Lot 18 and avoid Faunce House .
go to the Slater Hall and avoid Starbucks .
go to the Van Wickle Gates and avoid John Hay Library .
go to the Shirley Miller House and avoid Horace Mann House .
go to the Barus Building and avoid Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to the Brown Bear and avoid Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate and avoid Maxcy Hall .
always avoid William Goddard Memorial Gate and go to the Littlefield Hall .
always avoid Urban Environmental Lab and go to the Norwood House .
always avoid Friedman Hall and go to the Hughes Court .
always avoid Urban Environmental Lab and go to the College Green .
always avoid The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ and go to the Sayles Hall .
always avoid Van Wickle Gates and go to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
always avoid Prospect House and go to the Quiet Green .
always avoid Horace Mann House and go to the Class of 1872 Gate .
always avoid Robinson Hall and go to the Sears .
always avoid Minden Hall and go to the Brown University Sciences Library .
always avoid Alpha Chi Omega Sorority and go to the Carrie Tower .
avoid Watson Center for Information Technology and go to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
avoid College Green and go to the Maxcy Hall .
avoid Faunce House and go to the Rockefeller Library .
avoid Caswell Hall and go to the Marcus Aurelius .
avoid Marston Hall and go to the War Memorial .
avoid Brown Bear and go to the Lot 18 .
avoid Swearer Center for Public Service and go to the Littlefield Hall .
avoid Minden Hall and go to the Marston Hall .
avoid John Hay Library and go to the Prince Engineering Lab .
avoid Quiet Green and go to the J.W. Wilson .
avoid Friedman Hall and move into the P-131317 .
avoid Lot 76 and move into the University Hall .
avoid Casey Shearer Memorial and move into the Brown Bear .
avoid Untitled Lamp/Bear and move into the Sharpe Refectory .
avoid Arnold Laboratory and move into the Carrie Tower .
avoid Alpha Chi Omega Sorority and move into the Swearer Center for Public Service .
avoid Class of 1872 Gate and move into the Slavery Memorial .
avoid Slater Hall and move into the Campus Market .
avoid Sears and move into the Gardner House .
avoid Rockefeller Library and move into the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
avoid Hope College and move into the Lincoln Field Building .
avoid Slavery Memorial and go to the Prince Engineering Lab .
avoid Rhode Island Hall and go to the Friedman Hall .
avoid John Nicholas Brown Gate and go to the Faunce House .
avoid War Memorial and go to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
avoid Brown Center for Students of Color and go to the College Green .
avoid John Hay Library and go to the Norwood House .
avoid Lincoln Field Building and go to the 67 George .
avoid The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ and go to the Lippit House .
avoid Horace Mann House and go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
avoid List Art Building and go to the Mencoff Hall .
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall while avoiding Kassar House
go to the Norwood House while avoiding GeoChem and Macmillian Hall
go to the Brown University Sciences Library while avoiding Kassar House
go to the Mencoff Hall while avoiding Blue Room
go to the Lincoln Field Building while avoiding College Green
go to the Van Wickle Gates while avoiding College Green
go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate while avoiding Metcalf Research Building
go to the Prince Engineering Lab while avoiding Carrie Tower
go to the University Hall while avoiding Minden Hall
navigate to the Swearer Center for Public Service while avoiding Simmons Quadrangle .
navigate to the Friedman Hall while avoiding Carrie Tower .
navigate to the Marcus Aurelius while avoiding Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
navigate to the Soldiers Memorial Gate while avoiding List Art Building .
navigate to the Brown University Sciences Library while avoiding Watson Center for Information Technology .
navigate to the Brown Bear while avoiding Shirley Miller House .
navigate to the Wilbour Hall while avoiding Salomon Center for Teaching .
navigate to the Barus Building while avoiding Wayland .
navigate to the War Memorial while avoiding Slavery Memorial .
navigate to the Campus Market while avoiding J.W. Wilson .
navigate to the Sears while avoiding Marcus Aurelius .
navigate to the Blue Room while avoiding Arnold Laboratory .
go to the Simmons Quadrangle without going to 86 Waterman  .
go to the Brown Bear without going to University Hall .
go to the Lot 76 without going to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to the Hughes Court without going to Norwood House .
go to the Van Wickle Gates without going to Citizen's Bank .
go to the Hegeman without going to Wayland .
go to the Maxcy Hall without going to Sharpe Refectory .
go to the Hegeman without going to Marcus Aurelius .
go to the Lippit House without going to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to the Arnold Laboratory without going to P-131317 .
go to the J.W. Wilson without going to Shirley Miller House .
go to the Manning without going to Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to the Lot 17 without going to Wayland .
go to the Lot 76 without going to John Carter Brown Library .
go to the Gardner House without going to Slater Hall .
go to Wriston Quad
go to Idee di pietra
go to Maddock Alumni 
go to Brown Bear
go to Lippit House
go to List Art Building
go to Wayland
go to Sears
go to Lot 76
go to Wriston Quad
go to Idee di pietra
go to Sharpe Refectory
go to Sharpe Refectory
go to the War Memorial
go to the Brown University Sciences Library
go to the Prince Engineering Lab
go to the Rhode Island Hall
go to the University Hall
go to the Hegeman
go to the Minden Hall
go to the Citizen's Bank
go to the Manning
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority
go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate
go to the John Hay Library
go to the J.W. Wilson
go to the 86 Waterman  .
go to the Brown Bear .
go to the Hughes Court .
go to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to the Mencoff Hall .
go to the Friedman Hall .
go to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to the P-131317 .
go to the Shirley Miller House .
go to the Manning .
go to the J.W. Wilson .
go to the J.W. Wilson .
go to the Lot 76 .
move to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
move to the Lot 76 .
move to the Metcalf Research Building .
move to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
move to the University Hall .
move to the Medical Research Lab .
move to the Hope College .
move to the Gardner House .
move to the Robinson Hall .
move to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to the Brown Bear .
go to the 67 George .
go to the Slavery Memorial .
go to the Urban Environmental Lab .
go to the Metcalf Research Building .
go to the Sharpe Refectory .
go to the Rhode Island Hall .
go to the Saint Stephens Church .
navigate to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
navigate to the Finlandia .
navigate to the 86 Waterman  .
navigate to the The Ivy Room .
navigate to the Brown Bear .
navigate to the Saint Stephens Church .
navigate to the Brown University .
navigate to the Norwood House .
navigate to the John Hay Library .
navigate to the Urban Environmental Lab .
navigate to the Citizen's Bank .
navigate to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
navigate to the Citizen's Bank .
navigate to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
navigate to the Lyman Hall .
navigate to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
navigate to the Simmons Quadrangle .
navigate to the Sayles Hall .
navigate to the Brown University .
navigate to the Wayland .
go to Metcalf Research Building
go to Wayland
go to Lyman Hall
go to BERT
go to Marcus Aurelius
go to Brown Bear
go to Soldiers Memorial Gate
go to Friedman Hall
go to John Carter Brown Library
go to Finlandia
go to the Sears .
go to the Rockefeller Library .
go to the Idee di pietra .
go to the John Hay Library .
go to the Brown Bear .
go to the Wayland .
go to the Faunce House .
go to the Sears .
go to the Brown University Sciences Library .
go to the Hope College .
go to the Wayland .
go to the John Hay Library .
go to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to the Walter Hall .
go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to anywhere on the Prince Engineering Lab .
go to anywhere on the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to anywhere on the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to anywhere on the Brown University Sciences Library .
go to anywhere on the University Hall .
go to anywhere on the Gardner House .
go to anywhere on the BERT .
go to anywhere on the Blue Room .
go to anywhere on the Medical Research Lab .
go to anywhere on the Blue Room .
go to anywhere on the Campus Market .
go to anywhere on the Lot 76 .
go to anywhere on the Prospect House .
go to anywhere on the Manning .
go to anywhere on the Arnold Laboratory .
navigate to the Brown University Sciences Library .
navigate to the Prince Engineering Lab .
navigate to the Lot 18 .
navigate to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
navigate to the Faunce House .
navigate to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
navigate to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
navigate to the Lot 18 .
navigate to the List Art Building .
navigate to the War Memorial .
go to the Carrie Tower .
go to the Shirley Miller House .
go to the Prince Engineering Lab .
go to the Maxcy Green .
go to the Carrie Tower .
go to the War Memorial .
go to the University Hall .
go to the Marcus Aurelius .
go to the Rhode Island Hall .
head to the Medical Research Lab .
head to the Metcalf Research Building .
head to the Medical Research Lab .
head to the John Hay Library .
head to the Van Wickle Gates .
head to the University Hall .
head to the Maxcy Green .
head to the Faunce House .
head to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
head to the List Art Building .
head to the Hegeman .
head to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
head to the Sears .
go to the Quiet Green
go to the Slavery Memorial
go to the Sharpe Refectory
go to the Slavery Memorial
go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology
go to the Blue Room
go to the Van Wickle Gates
go to the Van Wickle Gates
go to the Rhode Island Hall
go to the College Green
go to the Blue Room
navigate to the P-131317 .
navigate to the Carrie Tower .
navigate to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
navigate to the Van Wickle Gates .
navigate to the Starbucks .
navigate to the Walter Hall .
navigate to the John Carter Brown Library .
navigate to the Citizen's Bank .
navigate to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to the Brown Bear .
go to the John Hay Library .
go to the Slater Hall .
go to the Marcus Aurelius .
go to the Maxcy Green .
go to the Caswell Hall .
go to the Class of 1872 Gate .
go to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Saint Stephens Church .
go to the Marston Hall .
go to the Lippit House .
go to the Carrie Tower .
go to the Rhode Island Hall .
go to the Maxcy Hall .
go to the Wilbour Hall .
go to the Wriston Quad .
go to the Barus Building .
go to the Hope College .
go to the Metcalf Research Building .
go to the Starbucks .
go to the John Carter Brown Library .
go to the Hope College .
go to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to the J.W. Wilson .
go to the Brown University Sciences Library .
navigate directly to the Barus Building .
navigate directly to the Lyman Hall .
navigate directly to the Sharpe Refectory .
navigate directly to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
navigate directly to the College Green .
navigate directly to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
navigate directly to the Carrie Tower .
navigate directly to the Wilbour Hall .
navigate directly to the BERT .
navigate directly to the University Hall .
navigate directly to the Brown University .
go to the Lincoln Field Building .
go to the Idee di pietra .
go to the Robinson Gate .
go to the Hughes Court .
go to the Minden Hall .
go to the Barus Building .
go to the Idee di pietra .
go to the BERT .
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to the Lot 18 .
go to the Horace Mann House
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology
go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear
go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate
go to the 67 George
go to the Walter Hall
go to the Rhode Island Hall
go to the P-131317
go to the Citizen's Bank
go to the Littlefield Hall
go to the Brown Bear
go to the 67 George
go to the Wilbour Hall .
go to the Caswell Hall .
go to the Robinson Gate .
go to the Prince Engineering Lab .
go to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to the Littlefield Hall .
go to the Saint Stephens Church .
go to the Quiet Green .
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall
go to the Carrie Tower
go to the Robinson Gate
go to the Casey Shearer Memorial
go to the Shirley Miller House
go to the Minden Hall
go to the Brown Bear
go to the Shirley Miller House
go to the Minden Hall
go to the Faunce House
go to the Slavery Memorial .
go to the Hughes Court .
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to the Brown Bear .
go to the Brown Bear .
go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to the John Carter Brown Library
go to the Citizen's Bank
go to the Marcus Aurelius
go to the Horace Mann House
go to the Caswell Hall
go to the Urban Environmental Lab
go to the Lippit House
go to the Robinson Hall
go to the Lot 76
go to the John Hay Library
go to the Swearer Center for Public Service
go to the Citizen's Bank
go to the Manning
go to the Caswell Hall
go to the Brown University
go to the University Hall .
go to the Sharpe Refectory .
go to the Hegeman .
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to the Faunce House .
go to the Hughes Court .
go to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Minden Hall .
go to the John Carter Brown Library .
go to the University Hall .
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
move to the John Carter Brown Library .
move to the Norwood House .
move to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
move to the Maddock Alumni  .
move to the Metcalf Research Building .
move to the Lot 76 .
move to the Lincoln Field Building .
move to the P-131317 .
move to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
move to the Robinson Gate .
move to the Arnold Laboratory .
move to the 67 George .
move to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
move to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
move to the 67 George .
go to the Robinson Hall
go to the Gardner House
go to the Blue Room
go to the Slavery Memorial
go to the Sears
go to the Hegeman
go to the Brown University
go to the Robinson Gate
go to the Starbucks
go to the Blue Room
go to the John Hay Library
go to the Hope College
go to the 67 George
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology
go to the Mencoff Hall
navigate to the Mencoff Hall .
navigate to the The Ivy Room .
navigate to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
navigate to the Gardner House .
navigate to the Maddock Alumni  .
navigate to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
navigate to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
navigate to the Mencoff Hall .
navigate to the Finlandia .
navigate to the Idee di pietra .
navigate to the Brown Bear .
navigate to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to the Brown University
go to the Minden Hall
go to the Saint Stephens Church
go to the Rockefeller Library
go to the 86 Waterman 
go to the Citizen's Bank
go to the Rockefeller Library
go to the Kassar House
go to the Brown University
go to the Slavery Memorial
go to the Brown Bear
go to the Wayland
go to the Simmons Quadrangle
go to the Wriston Quad .
go to the Saint Stephens Church .
go to the Saint Stephens Church .
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to the J.W. Wilson .
go to the Maxcy Hall .
go to the Faunce House .
go to the Hope College .
go to the 86 Waterman  .
go to the Lot 76 .
go to the Brown Bear .
go to the Barus Building .
go to the Faunce House .
go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go through the Brown Center for Students of Color to Maxcy Hall .
go through the Untitled Lamp/Bear to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go through the Circle Dance Sculpture to Marcus Aurelius .
go through the Wilbour Hall to Lot 18 .
go through the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences to Salomon Center for Teaching .
go through the Hegeman to Class of 1887 Gate .
go through the Caswell Hall to Van Wickle Gates .
go through the 86 Waterman  to Brown Bear .
go through the Sharpe Refectory to Littlefield Hall .
go through the Watson Center for Information Technology to Minden Hall .
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color and then to Carrie Tower .
go to the University Hall and then to College Green .
go to the Mencoff Hall and then to Carrie Tower .
go to the Sharpe Refectory and then to Hope College .
go to the Idee di pietra and then to Starbucks .
go to the 86 Waterman  and then to The Ivy Room .
go to the Campus Market and then to Friedman Hall .
go to the Class of 1872 Gate and then to Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to the P-131317 and then to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to the 86 Waterman  and then to P-131317 .
go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences and then to Lippit House .
go to the Blue Room and then to 86 Waterman  .
move to Slater Hall , but travel to the John Carter Brown Library first .
move to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ , but travel to the Faunce House first .
move to Brown University Sciences Library , but travel to the Brown University first .
move to Swearer Center for Public Service , but travel to the War Memorial first .
move to Hope College , but travel to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity first .
move to Lyman Hall , but travel to the Faunce House first .
move to Mencoff Hall , but travel to the War Memorial first .
move to Walter Hall , but travel to the Brown Bear first .
move to Robinson Gate , but travel to the Campus Market first .
go from the Hughes Court to Robinson Hall .
go from the Hughes Court to Horace Mann House .
go from the List Art Building to Caswell Hall .
go from the Maddock Alumni  to Blue Room .
go from the William Goddard Memorial Gate to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go from the Brown Bear to Prince Engineering Lab .
go from the Starbucks to Casey Shearer Memorial .
go from the Finlandia to Starbucks .
go from the 67 George to Rhode Island Hall .
go from the Lot 76 to Brown University .
go from the Robinson Gate to Caswell Hall .
go from the 67 George to Van Wickle Gates .
go to Soldiers Memorial Gate through the Shirley Miller House
go to Rhode Island Hall through the List Art Building
go to Walter Hall through the John Hay Library
go to Blue Room through the College Green
go to Robinson Hall through the Horace Mann House
go to Soldiers Memorial Gate through the Marcus Aurelius
go to Prospect House through the Wilbour Hall
go to Simmons Quadrangle through the Slavery Memorial
go to War Memorial through the Urban Environmental Lab
go to Brown Bear through the Marcus Aurelius
go to Maddock Alumni  through the Norwood House
go to Manning through the Brown Bear
go to Brown University Sciences Library through the Hughes Court
go to Simmons Quadrangle through the Starbucks
go to Hope College through the William Goddard Memorial Gate
go to Saint Stephens Church through the Mencoff Hall
go to Maddock Alumni  through the Watson Center for Information Technology
go to John Hay Library through the Lot 17
go to Simmons Quadrangle through the Brown University Sciences Library
go to Saint Stephens Church through the Brown Bear
go to Brown University Sciences Library through the Walter Hall
go to Slavery Memorial through the Marston Hall
go to Friedman Hall through the John Carter Brown Library
go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate through the Blue Room
go to Norwood House through the Kassar House
go to Simmons Quadrangle through the Brown Bear
go to Medical Research Lab through the Lincoln Field Building
go to Hegeman through the Campus Market
go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences through the Van Wickle Gates
go to Arnold Laboratory and then to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences
go to Barus Building and then to Manning
go to Watson Center for Information Technology and then to Barus Building
go to Simmons Quadrangle and then to John Carter Brown Library
go to Van Wickle Gates and then to Faunce House
go to Swearer Center for Public Service and then to Quiet Green
go to Mencoff Hall and then to Marston Hall
go to Hope College and then to Shirley Miller House
go to P-131317 and then to Medical Research Lab
go to Campus Market and then to Minden Hall
go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology and then to Faunce House
go to Finlandia and then to Rockefeller Library
go to Brown Bear and then to Prospect House
go to Simmons Quadrangle and then to Class of 1887 Gate
go through the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology to Idee di pietra .
go through the Robinson Hall to Marcus Aurelius .
go through the Arnold Laboratory to Campus Market .
go through the Soldiers Memorial Gate to John Carter Brown Library .
go through the John Hay Library to Shirley Miller House .
go through the Carrie Tower to Minden Hall .
go through the Wriston Quad to Citizen's Bank .
go through the Van Wickle Gates to Wayland .
go through the Caswell Hall to Hegeman .
go to the BERT before you navigate to 67 George .
go to the Starbucks before you navigate to Sharpe Refectory .
go to the Saint Stephens Church before you navigate to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to the Swearer Center for Public Service before you navigate to John Hay Library .
go to the Kassar House before you navigate to Prospect House .
go to the Quiet Green before you navigate to Barus Building .
go to the John Carter Brown Library before you navigate to Brown Bear .
go to the Swearer Center for Public Service before you navigate to Manning .
go to the Slater Hall before you navigate to John Hay Library .
go to the Wayland before you navigate to Brown University .
go to the Quiet Green before you navigate to Simmons Quadrangle .
go to the Walter Hall before you navigate to Sharpe Refectory .
go to the Wriston Quad before you navigate to Sharpe Refectory .
go to the John Carter Brown Library before you navigate to Idee di pietra .
go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate before you navigate to Lippit House .
travel to the P-131317 and then go to Friedman Hall .
travel to the John Hay Library and then go to Prospect House .
travel to the Carrie Tower and then go to Simmons Quadrangle .
travel to the Walter Hall and then go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
travel to the Prince Engineering Lab and then go to Lot 17 .
travel to the Friedman Hall and then go to Robinson Gate .
travel to the Saint Stephens Church and then go to List Art Building .
travel to the Robinson Hall and then go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
travel to the Lincoln Field Building and then go to Maxcy Hall .
travel to the Brown Bear and then go to Lyman Hall .
travel to the Blue Room and then go to Littlefield Hall .
go to the Wilbour Hall and then to Idee di pietra .
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology and then to Kassar House .
go to the Prince Engineering Lab and then to Starbucks .
go to the Blue Room and then to Wriston Quad .
go to the BERT and then to Saint Stephens Church .
go to the College Green and then to Maddock Alumni  .
go to the Rhode Island Hall and then to P-131317 .
go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate and then to Brown Bear .
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity and then to John Hay Library .
go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate and then to University Hall .
go to the Marcus Aurelius and then to Prospect House .
go to the Saint Stephens Church and then to Citizen's Bank .
go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate and then to Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to the Horace Mann House and then to Kassar House .
go to the Class of 1872 Gate and then to Walter Hall .
go to the Lot 17 and then head to Hope College .
go to the Norwood House and then head to BERT .
go to the Sharpe Refectory and then head to Wayland .
go to the University Hall and then head to Friedman Hall .
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology and then head to Carrie Tower .
go to the Slater Hall and then head to Slavery Memorial .
go to the Lot 17 and then head to Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to the Barus Building and then head to Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to the Maxcy Hall and then head to Arnold Laboratory .
go to the Van Wickle Gates and then head to Prospect House .
go to the John Hay Library and then head to Lyman Hall .
navigate to Idee di pietra through the 67 George .
navigate to Friedman Hall through the Sharpe Refectory .
navigate to Idee di pietra through the Littlefield Hall .
navigate to Sayles Hall through the The Ivy Room .
navigate to Caswell Hall through the Marston Hall .
navigate to Salomon Center for Teaching through the Van Wickle Gates .
navigate to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology through the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
navigate to Maxcy Green through the Metcalf Research Building .
navigate to Prospect House through the Lippit House .
go to Lot 17 . then go directly to Hegeman
go to Faunce House . then go directly to Metcalf Research Building
go to Campus Market . then go directly to Wayland
go to Horace Mann House . then go directly to Marston Hall
go to Hope College . then go directly to Sharpe Refectory
go to Sears . then go directly to Finlandia
go to Sears . then go directly to 67 George
go to Hegeman . then go directly to Robinson Gate
go to Caswell Hall . then go directly to Robinson Hall
go to Sharpe Refectory . then go directly to P-131317
go to Barus Building . then go directly to Faunce House
go to Watson Center for Information Technology . then go directly to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall
go to the Slavery Memorial then go to Medical Research Lab .
go to the Hegeman then go to Horace Mann House .
go to the Simmons Quadrangle then go to University Hall .
go to the Blue Room then go to Brown University Sciences Library .
go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences then go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall then go to Brown Bear .
go to the 67 George then go to Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to the Kassar House then go to Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to the John Hay Library then go to Barus Building .
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop then go to Hope College .
go to the John Hay Library then go Rhode Island Hall .
go to the Wayland then go Slavery Memorial .
go to the Gardner House then go John Hay Library .
go to the Gardner House then go John Carter Brown Library .
go to the Robinson Hall then go Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to the Maxcy Green then go John Carter Brown Library .
go to the Hughes Court then go Slater Hall .
go to the War Memorial then go Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to the Mencoff Hall then go Norwood House .
go to Hope College via the Medical Research Lab .
go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology via the BERT .
go to Class of 1887 Gate via the Robinson Gate .
go to Prospect House via the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to Shirley Miller House via the Arnold Laboratory .
go to John Hay Library via the Maxcy Green .
go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority via the Brown University Sciences Library .
go to Norwood House via the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to Slavery Memorial via the Gardner House .
go to Maxcy Green through the Mencoff Hall .
go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences through the Lippit House .
go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences through the Caswell Hall .
go to Sharpe Refectory through the Metcalf Research Building .
go to Hope College through the Gardner House .
go to Circle Dance Sculpture through the Brown Bear .
go to Casey Shearer Memorial through the Idee di pietra .
go to Finlandia through the University Hall .
go to Lot 18 through the Starbucks .
go to Finlandia through the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to Casey Shearer Memorial through the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to Salomon Center for Teaching through the Slavery Memorial .
go from Rockefeller Library to Prospect House .
go from Littlefield Hall to Citizen's Bank .
go from Lyman Hall to Lot 18 .
go from University Hall to Brown University .
go from 86 Waterman  to Lincoln Field Building .
go from List Art Building to Medical Research Lab .
go from Robinson Gate to P-131317 .
go from John Hay Library to Finlandia .
go from Gardner House to Salomon Center for Teaching .
go from Robinson Hall to Hope College .
go from Lincoln Field Building to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
navigate to Hegeman through the Lippit House .
navigate to Brown Center for Students of Color through the P-131317 .
navigate to Walter Hall through the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
navigate to Maxcy Green through the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
navigate to Hegeman through the Norwood House .
navigate to Finlandia through the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
navigate to Sayles Hall through the Maddock Alumni  .
navigate to Manning through the Kassar House .
navigate to Mencoff Hall through the Carrie Tower .
navigate to Prince Engineering Lab through the Van Wickle Gates .
navigate to Gardner House through the Friedman Hall .
navigate to Norwood House through the Swearer Center for Public Service .
navigate to Casey Shearer Memorial through the Maddock Alumni  .
navigate to the P-131317 then continue to Rockefeller Library .
navigate to the Minden Hall then continue to Robinson Hall .
navigate to the Untitled Lamp/Bear then continue to John Carter Brown Library .
navigate to the Slavery Memorial then continue to Maddock Alumni  .
navigate to the Van Wickle Gates then continue to Marston Hall .
navigate to the Minden Hall then continue to Starbucks .
navigate to the John Hay Library then continue to Littlefield Hall .
navigate to the List Art Building then continue to Wilbour Hall .
navigate to the Urban Environmental Lab then continue to Hope College .
navigate to the William Goddard Memorial Gate then continue to Barus Building .
navigate to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences then continue to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
navigate to the Hegeman then continue to Maxcy Hall .
move to the Maxcy Hall and then head to Maddock Alumni  .
move to the List Art Building and then head to 86 Waterman  .
move to the John Hay Library and then head to Carrie Tower .
move to the The Ivy Room and then head to J.W. Wilson .
move to the Class of 1887 Gate and then head to Lot 17 .
move to the Hughes Court and then head to Brown Bear .
move to the Barus Building and then head to Kassar House .
move to the Circle Dance Sculpture and then head to Walter Hall .
move to the Quiet Green and then head to Lot 17 .
move to the Swearer Center for Public Service and then head to Rhode Island Hall .
move to the Maddock Alumni  and then head to Swearer Center for Public Service .
move to the Manning and then head to Prince Engineering Lab .
move to the Finlandia and then head to The Ivy Room .
go to William Goddard Memorial Gate after navigating to the Saint Stephens Church .
go to Gardner House after navigating to the Maxcy Green .
go to Wilbour Hall after navigating to the Carrie Tower .
go to Idee di pietra after navigating to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to Carrie Tower after navigating to the War Memorial .
go to Mencoff Hall after navigating to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall after navigating to the John Hay Library .
go to Casey Shearer Memorial after navigating to the The Ivy Room .
go to Metcalf Research Building after navigating to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to Campus Market after navigating to the 86 Waterman  .
go to Circle Dance Sculpture after navigating to the Robinson Hall .
go to Sharpe Refectory after navigating to the Lot 17 .
go to Casey Shearer Memorial after navigating to the Finlandia .
go to Walter Hall after navigating to the Mencoff Hall .
go to Robinson Gate after navigating to the Saint Stephens Church .
go to Campus Market through the Arnold Laboratory .
go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology through the The Ivy Room .
go to Robinson Gate through the Minden Hall .
go to Saint Stephens Church through the Sayles Hall .
go to Maxcy Hall through the Rockefeller Library .
go to Citizen's Bank through the University Hall .
go to Maxcy Hall through the Slater Hall .
go to Circle Dance Sculpture through the Campus Market .
go to Untitled Lamp/Bear through the Sears .
go to Marcus Aurelius through the Simmons Quadrangle
go to Lyman Hall through the The Ivy Room
go to Prince Engineering Lab through the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences
go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate through the 86 Waterman 
go to University Hall through the Norwood House
go to Maxcy Hall through the Citizen's Bank
go to Sears through the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity
go to Brown University Sciences Library through the Slavery Memorial
go to Brown University Sciences Library through the Citizen's Bank
go to Maddock Alumni  through the Rhode Island Hall
go to Wayland through the Lincoln Field Building
go to Robinson Hall through the Mencoff Hall
go to Casey Shearer Memorial through the Urban Environmental Lab
go to Gardner House through the Class of 1887 Gate
go to Lyman Hall through the Shirley Miller House
go through the Gardner House to Lyman Hall .
go through the Swearer Center for Public Service to Gardner House .
go through the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate to Urban Environmental Lab .
go through the Blue Room to The Ivy Room .
go through the Watson Center for Information Technology to Kassar House .
go through the Soldiers Memorial Gate to War Memorial .
go through the Sears to Caswell Hall .
go through the Minden Hall to Saint Stephens Church .
go through the 86 Waterman  to Slavery Memorial .
go through the Maxcy Green to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go through the Mencoff Hall to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go through the Saint Stephens Church to Horace Mann House .
go from the Van Wickle Gates to Watson Center for Information Technology
go from the Maxcy Hall to Wriston Quad
go from the John Hay Library to Van Wickle Gates
go from the Starbucks to Slavery Memorial
go from the Watson Center for Information Technology to Lyman Hall
go from the College Green to Brown Bear
go from the War Memorial to Manning
go from the Lot 76 to Mencoff Hall
go from the Marcus Aurelius to Lot 17
go from the Van Wickle Gates to Wayland
go from the Brown Center for Students of Color to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall
go from the Rockefeller Library to List Art Building
go from the Slater Hall to Manning
go from the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop to Lincoln Field Building
move to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ after moving to the Finlandia .
move to John Hay Library after moving to the Maddock Alumni  .
move to Kassar House after moving to the Friedman Hall .
move to Salomon Center for Teaching after moving to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
move to Circle Dance Sculpture after moving to the Campus Market .
move to Slater Hall after moving to the Littlefield Hall .
move to Campus Market after moving to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
move to Maddock Alumni  after moving to the Slater Hall .
move to Horace Mann House after moving to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to Hope College via the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to Maddock Alumni  via the Brown Bear .
go to Blue Room via the Brown Bear .
go to Citizen's Bank via the Gardner House .
go to Simmons Quadrangle via the BERT .
go to John Carter Brown Library via the Robinson Hall .
go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology via the Idee di pietra .
go to Sears via the Prospect House .
go to Sears via the Marcus Aurelius .
navigate to the Citizen's Bank before going to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
navigate to the Lot 76 before going to Prospect House .
navigate to the Carrie Tower before going to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
navigate to the William Goddard Memorial Gate before going to J.W. Wilson .
navigate to the Class of 1887 Gate before going to Salomon Center for Teaching .
navigate to the Kassar House before going to John Hay Library .
navigate to the Caswell Hall before going to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
navigate to the Rhode Island Hall before going to Slater Hall .
navigate to the Brown Center for Students of Color before going to Friedman Hall .
navigate to the Marcus Aurelius before going to Littlefield Hall .
navigate to the Lot 76 before going to Swearer Center for Public Service .
navigate to the Van Wickle Gates before going to Sears .
navigate to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall before going to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
navigate to the Horace Mann House before going to Kassar House .
go from the John Hay Library to the Mencoff Hall
go from the Mencoff Hall to the Robinson Gate
go from the Lippit House to the Marcus Aurelius
go from the Maxcy Green to the List Art Building
go from the Van Wickle Gates to the Sharpe Refectory
go from the List Art Building to the Circle Dance Sculpture
go from the Lincoln Field Building to the Hegeman
go from the War Memorial to the The Ivy Room
go from the Lincoln Field Building to the Class of 1872 Gate
navigate to the Brown University Sciences Library always passing through the Norwood House .
navigate to the Horace Mann House always passing through the Sharpe Refectory .
navigate to the Starbucks always passing through the Robinson Gate .
navigate to the Brown Center for Students of Color always passing through the Lincoln Field Building .
navigate to the Manning always passing through the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
navigate to the Lincoln Field Building always passing through the Rockefeller Library .
navigate to the Simmons Quadrangle always passing through the Circle Dance Sculpture .
navigate to the Horace Mann House always passing through the Littlefield Hall .
navigate to the Lippit House always passing through the Lyman Hall .
navigate to the Prince Engineering Lab always passing through the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate by first going to the Sayles Hall .
go to the Quiet Green by first going to the Friedman Hall .
go to the Robinson Gate by first going to the Faunce House .
go to the Lot 76 by first going to the Marston Hall .
go to the Carrie Tower by first going to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to the Manning by first going to the Brown Bear .
go to the Robinson Gate by first going to the Shirley Miller House .
go to the Lincoln Field Building by first going to the Barus Building .
go to the Maxcy Hall by first going to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to the Brown University by first going to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to the J.W. Wilson by first going to the Lot 17 .
go to the John Carter Brown Library by first going to the Maddock Alumni  .
go to the Mencoff Hall then the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Lyman Hall then the 86 Waterman  .
go to the Class of 1872 Gate then the Prince Engineering Lab .
go to the College Green then the Friedman Hall .
go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences then the Walter Hall .
go to the Maxcy Hall then the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to the War Memorial then the Walter Hall .
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching then the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology then the Minden Hall .
go to the John Hay Library then the Class of 1887 Gate .
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity then the College Green .
go to the Faunce House then the Rhode Island Hall .
go to the War Memorial then the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
navigate to the Marston Hall , and then navigate to the Campus Market .
navigate to the Finlandia , and then navigate to the Rockefeller Library .
navigate to the Brown Center for Students of Color , and then navigate to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
navigate to the Hughes Court , and then navigate to the Starbucks .
navigate to the Salomon Center for Teaching , and then navigate to the Metcalf Research Building .
navigate to the John Nicholas Brown Gate , and then navigate to the Littlefield Hall .
navigate to the College Green , and then navigate to the Norwood House .
navigate to the 86 Waterman  , and then navigate to the Van Wickle Gates .
navigate to the Maxcy Hall , and then navigate to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
navigate to the Sayles Hall , and then navigate to the Wayland .
navigate to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity , and then navigate to the Slater Hall .
navigate to the Robinson Hall , and then navigate to the Maxcy Green .
go to the Lippit House through the Brown Bear
go to the Starbucks through the Horace Mann House
go to the College Green through the Prospect House
go to the Brown Bear through the Mencoff Hall
go to the Quiet Green through the Class of 1887 Gate
go to the John Carter Brown Library through the BERT
go to the Mencoff Hall through the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences
go to the Medical Research Lab through the Metcalf Research Building
go to the Wilbour Hall through the Soldiers Memorial Gate
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color through the J.W. Wilson
go to the Hope College through the Watson Center for Information Technology
go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear , and then go to the Slavery Memorial .
go to the Lippit House , and then go to the Hegeman .
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority , and then go to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to the Manning , and then go to the Brown University .
go to the John Hay Library , and then go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to the Brown University , and then go to the Hope College .
go to the Swearer Center for Public Service , and then go to the Hegeman .
go to the Norwood House , and then go to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to the Minden Hall , and then go to the Wilbour Hall .
go to the Medical Research Lab , and then go to the Slater Hall .
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate , and then go to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to the Shirley Miller House , and then go to the Horace Mann House .
go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences , and then go to the Gardner House .
go to the Brown University Sciences Library , and then go to the John Hay Library .
go to the Kassar House , and then go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go through the Lot 76 to the Simmons Quadrangle .
go through the John Carter Brown Library to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go through the College Green to the Manning .
go through the Blue Room to the Brown University .
go through the John Hay Library to the Lot 17 .
go through the Marcus Aurelius to the J.W. Wilson .
go through the Campus Market to the Carrie Tower .
go through the Citizen's Bank to the Robinson Gate .
go through the Sears to the Idee di pietra .
go through the Horace Mann House to the John Hay Library .
go through the Caswell Hall to the Sears .
from the Brown Center for Students of Color , navigate to the Rockefeller Library .
from the Van Wickle Gates , navigate to the Sayles Hall .
from the Carrie Tower , navigate to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
from the War Memorial , navigate to the Sears .
from the Hope College , navigate to the Manning .
from the Maxcy Hall , navigate to the Sears .
from the Minden Hall , navigate to the Norwood House .
from the Lyman Hall , navigate to the Rockefeller Library .
from the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate , navigate to the Shirley Miller House .
from the Hegeman , navigate to the Rhode Island Hall .
from the Walter Hall , navigate to the Lot 17 .
from the BERT , navigate to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
from the Norwood House , navigate to the Urban Environmental Lab .
from the Faunce House , navigate to the Brown University Sciences Library .
from the Campus Market , navigate to the Horace Mann House .
visit the Hughes Court and then proceed to the College Green .
visit the Salomon Center for Teaching and then proceed to the Metcalf Research Building .
visit the Barus Building and then proceed to the John Hay Library .
visit the Van Wickle Gates and then proceed to the List Art Building .
visit the Wilbour Hall and then proceed to the Simmons Quadrangle .
visit the Shirley Miller House and then proceed to the Hope College .
visit the Casey Shearer Memorial and then proceed to the Van Wickle Gates .
visit the John Nicholas Brown Gate and then proceed to the Hughes Court .
visit the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall and then proceed to the Van Wickle Gates .
visit the Simmons Quadrangle and then proceed to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
visit the Slavery Memorial and then proceed to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
visit the Maxcy Green and then proceed to the The Ivy Room .
visit the Brown Bear and then proceed to the Gardner House .
visit the P-131317 and then proceed to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
visit the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall and then proceed to the Simmons Quadrangle .
always go from the Friedman Hall to the Sayles Hall .
always go from the Salomon Center for Teaching to the Slater Hall .
always go from the Lot 76 to the Sears .
always go from the Horace Mann House to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
always go from the John Nicholas Brown Gate to the Kassar House .
always go from the Starbucks to the Littlefield Hall .
always go from the Slater Hall to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
always go from the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
always go from the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences to the Slater Hall .
always go from the Sears to the War Memorial .
always go from the Norwood House to the Lincoln Field Building .
always go from the Van Wickle Gates to the Brown Bear .
always go from the Class of 1887 Gate to the Brown University .
always go from the Brown Bear to the Faunce House .
always go from the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority to the Sayles Hall .
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology , then go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to the Walter Hall , then go to the Norwood House .
go to the Saint Stephens Church , then go to the Mencoff Hall .
go to the Swearer Center for Public Service , then go to the John Hay Library .
go to the Brown Bear , then go to the Hughes Court .
go to the List Art Building , then go to the Rockefeller Library .
go to the Hope College , then go to the Maxcy Green .
go to the Citizen's Bank , then go to the University Hall .
go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate , then go to the Hope College .
go to the Gardner House , then go to the John Hay Library .
go to the Idee di pietra , then go to the Quiet Green .
go to the Hughes Court , then go to the Maxcy Hall .
go to the Prince Engineering Lab after you go to the Littlefield Hall .
go to the Shirley Miller House after you go to the Rhode Island Hall .
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology after you go to the Simmons Quadrangle .
go to the Wriston Quad after you go to the Hope College .
go to the Marcus Aurelius after you go to the Caswell Hall .
go to the Walter Hall after you go to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to the Brown Bear after you go to the Rockefeller Library .
go to the Casey Shearer Memorial after you go to the Maxcy Green .
go to the Maxcy Green after you go to the Citizen's Bank .
go to the Idee di pietra after you go to the Sayles Hall .
go to the Lincoln Field Building after you go to the Robinson Gate .
go to the Wayland after you go to the BERT .
go to the Sayles Hall after you go to the Lyman Hall .
go to the Prince Engineering Lab after you go to the Campus Market .
go to the Urban Environmental Lab after going to the Maxcy Hall .
go to the Robinson Hall after going to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Robinson Gate after going to the Brown Bear .
go to the Caswell Hall after going to the Citizen's Bank .
go to the Lot 17 after going to the Robinson Hall .
go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate after going to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Slavery Memorial after going to the College Green .
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate after going to the Carrie Tower .
go to the War Memorial after going to the Minden Hall .
go to the Faunce House after going to the Wayland .
go to the Sears after going to the Prospect House .
go through the Soldiers Memorial Gate to the Robinson Gate .
go through the Untitled Lamp/Bear to the Slavery Memorial .
go through the Class of 1887 Gate to the Carrie Tower .
go through the College Green to the Carrie Tower .
go through the Salomon Center for Teaching to the Van Wickle Gates .
go through the Maxcy Green to the Manning .
go through the Arnold Laboratory to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go through the Mencoff Hall to the Maxcy Hall .
go through the Barus Building to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go through the Sharpe Refectory to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to the Citizen's Bank through the Maxcy Hall .
go to the Lot 18 through the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to the Brown Bear through the Mencoff Hall .
go to the Maddock Alumni  through the University Hall .
go to the Lyman Hall through the Littlefield Hall .
go to the Hegeman through the Shirley Miller House .
go to the Casey Shearer Memorial through the Arnold Laboratory .
go to the Rockefeller Library through the Sears .
go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate through the Rhode Island Hall .
go to the P-131317 through the Robinson Hall .
go to the The Ivy Room through the Brown University Sciences Library .
go to the Slater Hall through the Rockefeller Library .
go to the Hughes Court through the War Memorial .
go to the Medical Research Lab through the Mencoff Hall .
go to the 86 Waterman  through the J.W. Wilson .
visit the Watson Center for Information Technology then go to the Maxcy Hall .
visit the Mencoff Hall then go to the Brown Bear .
visit the Brown University Sciences Library then go to the Quiet Green .
visit the John Nicholas Brown Gate then go to the Wilbour Hall .
visit the John Hay Library then go to the BERT .
visit the Blue Room then go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
visit the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity then go to the Sayles Hall .
visit the Quiet Green then go to the BERT .
visit the University Hall then go to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
visit the Quiet Green then go to the Finlandia .
move to anywhere on the Brown University , then move to anywhere on the Robinson Hall .
move to anywhere on the Horace Mann House , then move to anywhere on the Saint Stephens Church .
move to anywhere on the Walter Hall , then move to anywhere on the Finlandia .
move to anywhere on the Marston Hall , then move to anywhere on the Class of 1887 Gate .
move to anywhere on the Robinson Gate , then move to anywhere on the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
move to anywhere on the Prince Engineering Lab , then move to anywhere on the Slater Hall .
move to anywhere on the 86 Waterman  , then move to anywhere on the Brown Bear .
move to anywhere on the Manning , then move to anywhere on the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
move to anywhere on the Rockefeller Library , then move to anywhere on the Swearer Center for Public Service .
move to anywhere on the Soldiers Memorial Gate , then move to anywhere on the 86 Waterman  .
navigate to the Rockefeller Library through the BERT .
navigate to the Brown University Sciences Library through the Horace Mann House .
navigate to the University Hall through the BERT .
navigate to the BERT through the Wayland .
navigate to the Caswell Hall through the Sharpe Refectory .
navigate to the Campus Market through the Wayland .
navigate to the Van Wickle Gates through the Rhode Island Hall .
navigate to the Rhode Island Hall through the Idee di pietra .
navigate to the Rockefeller Library through the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
navigate to the William Goddard Memorial Gate through the Hughes Court .
navigate to the University Hall through the Sharpe Refectory .
navigate to the Circle Dance Sculpture through the Brown University Sciences Library .
navigate to the Quiet Green through the Faunce House .
navigate to the Circle Dance Sculpture through the Lot 76 .
navigate to the List Art Building through the Kassar House .
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate then go to the War Memorial .
go to the Marston Hall then go to the Manning .
go to the Casey Shearer Memorial then go to the Lot 18 .
go to the War Memorial then go to the Quiet Green .
go to the List Art Building then go to the Sharpe Refectory .
go to the Prince Engineering Lab then go to the Maxcy Green .
go to the John Hay Library then go to the Brown University Sciences Library .
go to the Saint Stephens Church then go to the College Green .
go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate then go to the 86 Waterman  .
go to the Citizen's Bank then go to the Lincoln Field Building .
go to the Kassar House then go to the Citizen's Bank .
go to the Brown Bear through the Hughes Court
go to the J.W. Wilson through the Maxcy Green
go to the Barus Building through the Friedman Hall
go to the Brown Bear through the Horace Mann House
go to the Brown University Sciences Library through the Norwood House
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority through the Campus Market
go to the Kassar House through the Class of 1887 Gate
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching through the John Hay Library
go to the Lincoln Field Building through the Casey Shearer Memorial
go to the Sears through the Rhode Island Hall
go to the Maddock Alumni  through the Slavery Memorial
start on the Brown Bear , go directly to the John Hay Library .
start on the Quiet Green , go directly to the List Art Building .
start on the 86 Waterman  , go directly to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
start on the Wriston Quad , go directly to the Lyman Hall .
start on the Robinson Gate , go directly to the Hughes Court .
start on the Caswell Hall , go directly to the Marcus Aurelius .
start on the John Hay Library , go directly to the Wilbour Hall .
start on the War Memorial , go directly to the Saint Stephens Church .
start on the Sayles Hall , go directly to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
start on the The Ivy Room , go directly to the 86 Waterman  .
start on the Slavery Memorial , go directly to the Rockefeller Library .
start on the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity , go directly to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
start on the Marcus Aurelius , go directly to the Rhode Island Hall .
go to the Maxcy Hall before you go to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority before you go to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences before you go to the John Hay Library .
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ before you go to the War Memorial .
go to the Idee di pietra before you go to the Starbucks .
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching before you go to the Medical Research Lab .
go to the Prospect House before you go to the Wayland .
go to the Van Wickle Gates before you go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to the Shirley Miller House before you go to the Lyman Hall .
go through the Sharpe Refectory to the BERT .
go through the Walter Hall to the Norwood House .
go through the Hughes Court to the 67 George .
go through the Starbucks to the Walter Hall .
go through the Idee di pietra to the Brown University Sciences Library .
go through the The Ivy Room to the Wriston Quad .
go through the Faunce House to the Minden Hall .
go through the Gardner House to the Horace Mann House .
go through the Class of 1872 Gate to the Medical Research Lab .
go through the Hope College to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go through the Wayland to the Lippit House .
go through the Marcus Aurelius to the Hegeman .
go through the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall to the Medical Research Lab .
go through the Sears to the List Art Building .
go through the Horace Mann House to the Lincoln Field Building .
go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences and then go directly to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall and then go directly to the Faunce House .
go to the Metcalf Research Building and then go directly to the Brown University .
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority and then go directly to the Wayland .
go to the Finlandia and then go directly to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to the Lot 17 and then go directly to the Brown University .
go to the Prospect House and then go directly to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to the Wayland and then go directly to the Lot 76 .
go to the Horace Mann House and then go directly to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to the Walter Hall through the Urban Environmental Lab
go to the Wriston Quad through the 67 George
go to the Robinson Gate through the Norwood House
go to the Sayles Hall through the Campus Market
go to the Saint Stephens Church through the Barus Building
go to the Casey Shearer Memorial through the Wilbour Hall
go to the Sharpe Refectory through the Swearer Center for Public Service
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop through the Lot 17
go to the Marston Hall through the Lincoln Field Building
go to the Sharpe Refectory through the P-131317 .
go to the John Hay Library through the Lippit House .
go to the Van Wickle Gates through the Saint Stephens Church .
go to the Mencoff Hall through the Littlefield Hall .
go to the Saint Stephens Church through the Prince Engineering Lab .
go to the Arnold Laboratory through the Marston Hall .
go to the Lippit House through the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to the Prospect House through the Wayland .
go to the Brown Bear through the Lot 18 .
go to the Van Wickle Gates through the Caswell Hall .
go to the Starbucks through the Maxcy Green .
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ through the Blue Room .
go to the Lot 76 through the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to the Hope College through the Slavery Memorial .
navigate to the Citizen's Bank before going to the College Green .
navigate to the Starbucks before going to the Caswell Hall .
navigate to the Manning before going to the John Hay Library .
navigate to the Carrie Tower before going to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
navigate to the Marcus Aurelius before going to the John Hay Library .
navigate to the Salomon Center for Teaching before going to the Finlandia .
navigate to the Barus Building before going to the College Green .
navigate to the Barus Building before going to the Sharpe Refectory .
navigate to the Simmons Quadrangle before going to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
navigate to the Lot 76 before going to the War Memorial .
go to the University Hall , then head to the Lippit House .
go to the Starbucks , then head to the Simmons Quadrangle .
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ , then head to the Quiet Green .
go to the Gardner House , then head to the 86 Waterman  .
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall , then head to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to the Marston Hall , then head to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to the Hughes Court , then head to the 86 Waterman  .
go to the Urban Environmental Lab , then head to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Prospect House , then head to the Wayland .
go to 1 st floor after Van Wickle Gates
go to 1 st floor after Van Wickle Gates
go to 1 st floor after Casey Shearer Memorial
go to 1 st floor after Starbucks
go to J.W. Wilson and then go to the Class of 1872 Gate .
go to Lyman Hall and then go to the Marcus Aurelius .
go to University Hall and then go to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to Sayles Hall and then go to the Class of 1872 Gate .
go to Marcus Aurelius and then go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to Hegeman and then go to the Brown University .
go to Citizen's Bank and then go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to University Hall and then go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to Brown Bear and then go to the John Carter Brown Library .
go to Idee di pietra and then go to the John Hay Library .
go to John Hay Library and then go to the Slater Hall .
go to Brown Bear and then go to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to Maxcy Hall and then go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to Metcalf Research Building and then go to the Sayles Hall .
go to Faunce House and then go to the Brown Bear .
go to the Lot 17 via Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to the Blue Room via John Hay Library .
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching via Class of 1872 Gate .
go to the 86 Waterman  via Starbucks .
go to the Blue Room via Finlandia .
go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology via Brown University .
go to the Kassar House via Brown University Sciences Library .
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching via Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to the Slater Hall via Rockefeller Library .
go to the Rockefeller Library via The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity via Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to the List Art Building via John Carter Brown Library .
go to the Class of 1872 Gate via Carrie Tower .
go to the Walter Hall via Sears .
go to List Art Building before going to the University Hall .
go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority before going to the Wriston Quad .
go to War Memorial before going to the Maddock Alumni  .
go to Brown Bear before going to the BERT .
go to Marcus Aurelius before going to the Walter Hall .
go to Marcus Aurelius before going to the Wilbour Hall .
go to Brown University before going to the Gardner House .
go to William Goddard Memorial Gate before going to the Wayland .
go to Caswell Hall before going to the List Art Building .
go to 86 Waterman  before going to the Faunce House .
first move to Brown Bear then navigate to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
first move to Shirley Miller House then navigate to the Horace Mann House .
first move to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall then navigate to the Brown Bear .
first move to Friedman Hall then navigate to the Robinson Hall .
first move to Carrie Tower then navigate to the Caswell Hall .
first move to Quiet Green then navigate to the Barus Building .
first move to Brown University then navigate to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
first move to Lyman Hall then navigate to the John Carter Brown Library .
first move to Mencoff Hall then navigate to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
first move to William Goddard Memorial Gate then navigate to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
first move to Blue Room then navigate to the Brown University .
go through Finlandia to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go through Robinson Gate to the Barus Building .
go through Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go through Lot 18 to the Simmons Quadrangle .
go through BERT to the Campus Market .
go through Finlandia to the Sayles Hall .
go through John Hay Library to the Littlefield Hall .
go through Hughes Court to the Sears .
go through Brown Bear to the War Memorial .
go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop and then the Brown University
go to Sharpe Refectory and then the The Ivy Room
go to University Hall and then the Caswell Hall
go to Prince Engineering Lab and then the Circle Dance Sculpture
go to Medical Research Lab and then the Idee di pietra
go to Idee di pietra and then the Maddock Alumni 
go to Swearer Center for Public Service and then the Maxcy Green
go to Citizen's Bank and then the John Nicholas Brown Gate
go to Watson Center for Information Technology and then the Class of 1887 Gate
go to Wriston Quad and then the Shirley Miller House
go to Hope College and then the Robinson Hall
go to the Littlefield Hall through Robinson Hall
go to the Hegeman through Soldiers Memorial Gate
go to the John Hay Library through Brown University Sciences Library
go to the Maddock Alumni  through Kassar House
go to the List Art Building through Citizen's Bank
go to the Urban Environmental Lab through Van Wickle Gates
go to the John Hay Library through Rockefeller Library
go to the The Ivy Room through Maxcy Green
go to the 67 George through Van Wickle Gates
go to the Robinson Gate through Sears
go to the Class of 1872 Gate through Lippit House
go through John Hay Library before going to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go through Slavery Memorial before going to the Blue Room .
go through Quiet Green before going to the Brown Bear .
go through Untitled Lamp/Bear before going to the University Hall .
go through Idee di pietra before going to the Littlefield Hall .
go through Wriston Quad before going to the Lot 18 .
go through Brown Bear before going to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go through Van Wickle Gates before going to the Urban Environmental Lab .
go through Rhode Island Hall before going to the Gardner House .
go through Prince Engineering Lab before going to the Blue Room .
go through Maddock Alumni  before going to the Minden Hall .
go through University Hall before going to the Simmons Quadrangle .
navigate to Minden Hall then continue to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
navigate to Caswell Hall then continue to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
navigate to List Art Building then continue to the John Hay Library .
navigate to Lippit House then continue to the Minden Hall .
navigate to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology then continue to the Shirley Miller House .
navigate to Saint Stephens Church then continue to the Friedman Hall .
navigate to Barus Building then continue to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
navigate to William Goddard Memorial Gate then continue to the Friedman Hall .
navigate to Robinson Hall then continue to the War Memorial .
navigate to Wilbour Hall then continue to the Lyman Hall .
navigate to Walter Hall then continue to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to the Brown University Sciences Library through Caswell Hall .
go to the Robinson Gate through Class of 1887 Gate .
go to the Robinson Hall through Saint Stephens Church .
go to the Metcalf Research Building through Marcus Aurelius .
go to the Robinson Hall through The Ivy Room .
go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear through Starbucks .
go to the Prospect House through Shirley Miller House .
go to the Van Wickle Gates through Urban Environmental Lab .
go to the Swearer Center for Public Service through John Carter Brown Library .
go to the Brown Bear through John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to the Hughes Court through Lot 76 .
go to the Maxcy Hall through Wriston Quad .
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity through Faunce House .
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop through Brown University Sciences Library .
go to the Maxcy Green through Wilbour Hall .
go to the Class of 1887 Gate through Brown University Sciences Library .
go to the Minden Hall through Walter Hall .
go to the Lot 18 through John Carter Brown Library .
go to the John Hay Library through Wriston Quad
go to the Starbucks through Swearer Center for Public Service
go to the Wilbour Hall through Finlandia
go to the Manning through Lot 76
go to the Lot 17 through Maxcy Hall
go to the Slavery Memorial through Urban Environmental Lab
go to the Sharpe Refectory through Marcus Aurelius
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching through The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ
go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear through Soldiers Memorial Gate
go to the Marcus Aurelius through War Memorial
go to the Lincoln Field Building through Wayland
go to the BERT through Sharpe Refectory
go to the Starbucks through GeoChem and Macmillian Hall
go to the Manning through Minden Hall
move to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall and then proceed to the University Hall .
move to John Hay Library and then proceed to the BERT .
move to Lippit House and then proceed to the Maxcy Hall .
move to Arnold Laboratory and then proceed to the War Memorial .
move to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology and then proceed to the P-131317 .
move to Gardner House and then proceed to the P-131317 .
move to Littlefield Hall and then proceed to the Brown University .
move to Gardner House and then proceed to the Hope College .
move to Medical Research Lab and then proceed to the University Hall .
move to Brown University and then proceed to the Sears .
move to Starbucks and then proceed to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
move to Urban Environmental Lab and then proceed to the Idee di pietra .
move to Slavery Memorial and then proceed to the John Carter Brown Library .
move to Slater Hall and then proceed to the Campus Market .
go through Kassar House and navigate to the Hughes Court .
go through Lincoln Field Building and navigate to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go through Soldiers Memorial Gate and navigate to the Lot 76 .
go through Wayland and navigate to the Slavery Memorial .
go through Medical Research Lab and navigate to the Starbucks .
go through Walter Hall and navigate to the Urban Environmental Lab .
go through Lippit House and navigate to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go through Quiet Green and navigate to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go through Maxcy Green and navigate to the Blue Room .
go through Sears and navigate to the Rhode Island Hall .
go through Robinson Hall and navigate to the Finlandia .
go through Van Wickle Gates and navigate to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go through Rhode Island Hall and navigate to the Brown University Sciences Library .
go through Maddock Alumni  and navigate to the Brown Bear .
go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate by first visiting Urban Environmental Lab .
go to the John Hay Library by first visiting Marcus Aurelius .
go to the Campus Market by first visiting Walter Hall .
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop by first visiting Sears .
go to the Norwood House by first visiting Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to the Swearer Center for Public Service by first visiting Norwood House .
go to the Manning by first visiting Brown University Sciences Library .
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop by first visiting 86 Waterman  .
go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate by first visiting Maxcy Green .
go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear by first visiting Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to the Sears by first visiting John Nicholas Brown Gate .
first go to Idee di pietra , then go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
first go to Minden Hall , then go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
first go to Wilbour Hall , then go to the Metcalf Research Building .
first go to Metcalf Research Building , then go to the Citizen's Bank .
first go to Maxcy Green , then go to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
first go to Salomon Center for Teaching , then go to the Lot 17 .
first go to Class of 1872 Gate , then go to the BERT .
first go to Saint Stephens Church , then go to the Lyman Hall .
first go to Slavery Memorial , then go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go through Idee di pietra to the Rockefeller Library .
go through Horace Mann House to the Metcalf Research Building .
go through Robinson Gate to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go through Friedman Hall to the Simmons Quadrangle .
go through Idee di pietra to the Medical Research Lab .
go through Morgan Witter Rogers Gate to the Idee di pietra .
go through Starbucks to the College Green .
go through Lot 18 to the Hegeman .
go through The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to Horace Mann House then go to the Barus Building .
go to Norwood House then go to the Horace Mann House .
go to Mencoff Hall then go to the J.W. Wilson .
go to Lot 76 then go to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to Walter Hall then go to the Lippit House .
go to BERT then go to the Shirley Miller House .
go to Saint Stephens Church then go to the Slavery Memorial .
go to Shirley Miller House then go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to Prince Engineering Lab then go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ then go to the Lincoln Field Building .
always go to University Hall before navigating to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
always go to Sayles Hall before navigating to the Van Wickle Gates .
always go to Brown Center for Students of Color before navigating to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
always go to John Nicholas Brown Gate before navigating to the Sears .
always go to Class of 1887 Gate before navigating to the Urban Environmental Lab .
always go to Littlefield Hall before navigating to the Brown University Sciences Library .
always go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall before navigating to the Class of 1872 Gate .
always go to Maxcy Hall before navigating to the Norwood House .
always go to Slavery Memorial before navigating to the Metcalf Research Building .
always go to 86 Waterman  before navigating to the BERT .
always go to Soldiers Memorial Gate before navigating to the Maxcy Green .
always go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ before navigating to the Barus Building .
always go to 67 George before navigating to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
always go to Class of 1872 Gate before navigating to the Brown University .
always go to P-131317 before navigating to the Sears .
go to the Class of 1872 Gate through Rhode Island Hall
go to the Casey Shearer Memorial through Robinson Hall
go to the Brown University Sciences Library through Sharpe Refectory
go to the Sears through Maxcy Hall
go to the Marcus Aurelius through Rockefeller Library
go to the Gardner House through Wilbour Hall
go to the List Art Building through J.W. Wilson
go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology through Medical Research Lab
go to the Hope College through Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop
go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate through Caswell Hall
go to the Caswell Hall through Lyman Hall
go to the Maxcy Hall through Lyman Hall
go to the Slavery Memorial through Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity
go to the Prospect House through Littlefield Hall
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology through Robinson Gate
navigate through Quiet Green and go to the Prince Engineering Lab .
navigate through Starbucks and go to the Wayland .
navigate through Lincoln Field Building and go to the Lyman Hall .
navigate through John Carter Brown Library and go to the John Hay Library .
navigate through Sears and go to the Lot 18 .
navigate through Starbucks and go to the Walter Hall .
navigate through College Green and go to the Lyman Hall .
navigate through Norwood House and go to the Saint Stephens Church .
navigate through Rhode Island Hall and go to the Saint Stephens Church .
navigate through Minden Hall and go to the Maddock Alumni  .
navigate through Maxcy Green and go to the John Hay Library .
navigate through Brown University and go to the Friedman Hall .
navigate through Van Wickle Gates and go to the Slavery Memorial .
first go to to Brown Bear then go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
first go to to Class of 1872 Gate then go to the Slater Hall .
first go to to Kassar House then go to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
first go to to Brown Bear then go to the Littlefield Hall .
first go to to Rockefeller Library then go to the Brown Bear .
first go to to Blue Room then go to the Robinson Gate .
first go to to Van Wickle Gates then go to the Rhode Island Hall .
first go to to Van Wickle Gates then go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
first go to to Saint Stephens Church then go to the Brown Bear .
first go to to Hegeman then go to the Maxcy Hall .
first go to to Shirley Miller House then go to the 86 Waterman  .
go to the Sayles Hall through Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to the Circle Dance Sculpture through Kassar House .
go to the P-131317 through Robinson Gate .
go to the University Hall through Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to the Norwood House through Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to the University Hall through John Hay Library .
go to the Brown University through Lincoln Field Building .
go to the Maxcy Hall through Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to the Maxcy Green through Quiet Green .
go to the Lot 17 through Blue Room .
go to the Circle Dance Sculpture through Rhode Island Hall .
go to the Sears through William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to the Blue Room through Slavery Memorial .
go to the The Ivy Room through Maxcy Hall .
always go through College Green and then to the Starbucks .
always go through Barus Building and then to the Wayland .
always go through Class of 1872 Gate and then to the Shirley Miller House .
always go through Casey Shearer Memorial and then to the Sharpe Refectory .
always go through Blue Room and then to the Idee di pietra .
always go through Rhode Island Hall and then to the Van Wickle Gates .
always go through Blue Room and then to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
always go through Barus Building and then to the Gardner House .
always go through Watson Center for Information Technology and then to the Sayles Hall .
always go through Medical Research Lab and then to the Hegeman .
always go through Littlefield Hall and then to the Lippit House .
always go through Marston Hall and then to the Marcus Aurelius .
always go through Urban Environmental Lab and then to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
always go through Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences and then to the War Memorial .
always go through Prince Engineering Lab and then to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences through Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to the Prospect House through Shirley Miller House .
go to the Robinson Hall through Hegeman .
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology through John Hay Library .
go to the Maddock Alumni  through Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to the Hegeman through Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to the Simmons Quadrangle through College Green .
go to the Brown Bear through Sears .
go to the Maxcy Green through Urban Environmental Lab .
go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences through Sharpe Refectory .
go to the Barus Building through Mencoff Hall .
go to the Lot 76 through Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to the P-131317 through Friedman Hall .
go to the Lot 76 through Brown University Sciences Library .
go to Norwood House before going to the Medical Research Lab
go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences before going to the Brown Center for Students of Color
go to Soldiers Memorial Gate before going to the Brown Center for Students of Color
go to William Goddard Memorial Gate before going to the Class of 1872 Gate
go to Blue Room before going to the Campus Market
go to Lincoln Field Building before going to the Rockefeller Library
go to Maddock Alumni  before going to the John Hay Library
go to John Carter Brown Library before going to the Brown University
go to Prospect House before going to the Untitled Lamp/Bear
go to Slavery Memorial before going to the Class of 1872 Gate
go to Sears before going to the Robinson Hall
go to Brown Bear before going to the Lot 17
go to Casey Shearer Memorial before going to the P-131317
go to Walter Hall before going to the Brown Center for Students of Color
go to the J.W. Wilson by first going through Littlefield Hall .
go to the Van Wickle Gates by first going through Littlefield Hall .
go to the P-131317 by first going through Arnold Laboratory .
go to the Brown Bear by first going through Hughes Court .
go to the Carrie Tower by first going through Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to the Slater Hall by first going through Brown University .
go to the Lot 17 by first going through Prince Engineering Lab .
go to the Saint Stephens Church by first going through Wayland .
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology by first going through Finlandia .
go to the Slater Hall by first going through 67 George .
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ by first going through Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to the Brown University Sciences Library by first going through 86 Waterman  .
go to the John Carter Brown Library by first going through Slater Hall .
go to the Class of 1887 Gate by first going through GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to the Lot 18 by first going through Untitled Lamp/Bear .
always avoid going to War Memorial through the Watson Center for Information Technology
always avoid going to Campus Market through the Hope College
always avoid going to Brown Bear through the The Ivy Room
always avoid going to John Carter Brown Library through the Swearer Center for Public Service
always avoid going to Slater Hall through the Prince Engineering Lab
always avoid going to BERT through the The Ivy Room
always avoid going to J.W. Wilson through the Finlandia
always avoid going to Circle Dance Sculpture through the Littlefield Hall
always avoid going to Barus Building through the Lincoln Field Building
always avoid going to John Hay Library through the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority
always avoid going to War Memorial through the Brown Bear
go through Hegeman to the John Carter Brown Library .
go through Medical Research Lab to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go through John Hay Library to the Slavery Memorial .
go through Faunce House to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go through Class of 1872 Gate to the Lot 18 .
go through Sayles Hall to the Lot 76 .
go through Marston Hall to the Wriston Quad .
go through College Green to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go through John Hay Library to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go through Lincoln Field Building to the Robinson Hall .
go through Urban Environmental Lab to the Idee di pietra .
go through the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ to the Maddock Alumni  .
go through the John Carter Brown Library to the Norwood House .
go through the Rockefeller Library to the Prince Engineering Lab .
go through the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go through the Watson Center for Information Technology to the University Hall .
go through the Brown Center for Students of Color to the Brown Bear .
go through the Robinson Hall to the J.W. Wilson .
go through the Lippit House to the Friedman Hall .
go through the Circle Dance Sculpture to the Lot 18 .
go through the Carrie Tower to the Prospect House .
go through the Soldiers Memorial Gate to the Arnold Laboratory .
navigate to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences after going to the Finlandia .
navigate to the Sharpe Refectory after going to the Carrie Tower .
navigate to the Circle Dance Sculpture after going to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
navigate to the Brown Bear after going to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
navigate to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate after going to the Rockefeller Library .
navigate to the Lincoln Field Building after going to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
navigate to the Maddock Alumni  after going to the Littlefield Hall .
navigate to the Maddock Alumni  after going to the University Hall .
navigate to the Lot 18 after going to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
navigate to the College Green after going to the University Hall .
navigate to the Barus Building after going to the Rockefeller Library .
navigate to the Lyman Hall after going to the Sayles Hall .
go to the Metcalf Research Building , then navigate to the Starbucks .
go to the 67 George , then navigate to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to the Robinson Hall , then navigate to the Brown Bear .
go to the Norwood House , then navigate to the J.W. Wilson .
go to the Marston Hall , then navigate to the BERT .
go to the Class of 1872 Gate , then navigate to the Wayland .
go to the Wriston Quad , then navigate to the Littlefield Hall .
go to the Slavery Memorial , then navigate to the War Memorial .
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop , then navigate to the Simmons Quadrangle .
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching , then navigate to the Medical Research Lab .
go to the Walter Hall then move to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to the John Hay Library then move to the Maxcy Green .
go to the Brown Bear then move to the Hope College .
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate then move to the Marston Hall .
go to the University Hall then move to the Carrie Tower .
go to the Littlefield Hall then move to the Gardner House .
go to the Blue Room then move to the BERT .
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop then move to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to the Finlandia then move to the Idee di pietra .
go to the Sharpe Refectory then move to the Robinson Gate .
go to the Sayles Hall then move to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to the Brown University then move to the Lot 76 .
go to the BERT through the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity
go to the Friedman Hall through the Marcus Aurelius
go to the Slater Hall through the College Green
go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology through the Brown University Sciences Library
go to the Littlefield Hall through the Rhode Island Hall
go to the Carrie Tower through the John Carter Brown Library
go to the Lot 18 through the Caswell Hall
go to the War Memorial through the Lyman Hall
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate through the Prince Engineering Lab
go to the Friedman Hall through the Norwood House
go to the University Hall through the Maddock Alumni 
go to the Brown University through the 86 Waterman 
go to the Horace Mann House through the William Goddard Memorial Gate
go to the Horace Mann House through the Finlandia
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity through the Marcus Aurelius
go through the Hegeman and navigate to the Robinson Hall .
go through the Starbucks and navigate to the Lincoln Field Building .
go through the Quiet Green and navigate to the 67 George .
go through the Littlefield Hall and navigate to the Kassar House .
go through the John Carter Brown Library and navigate to the Lyman Hall .
go through the Faunce House and navigate to the BERT .
go through the Lyman Hall and navigate to the War Memorial .
go through the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology and navigate to the Slater Hall .
go through the Urban Environmental Lab and navigate to the Rockefeller Library .
go through the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate and navigate to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go through the Hegeman and navigate to the Saint Stephens Church .
go through the Barus Building and navigate to the Mencoff Hall .
go through the Wriston Quad and navigate to the List Art Building .
go through the Class of 1887 Gate and navigate to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go through the Hegeman and navigate to the Maxcy Green .
from the Rhode Island Hall , navigate to the Idee di pietra .
from the List Art Building , navigate to the Barus Building .
from the Sayles Hall , navigate to the 86 Waterman  .
from the Salomon Center for Teaching , navigate to the Lot 76 .
from the Kassar House , navigate to the Medical Research Lab .
from the Maxcy Hall , navigate to the Blue Room .
from the Marston Hall , navigate to the Rhode Island Hall .
from the Kassar House , navigate to the Maxcy Hall .
from the 86 Waterman  , navigate to the Simmons Quadrangle .
from the 86 Waterman  , navigate to the Slater Hall .
from the Brown University , navigate to the Prince Engineering Lab .
from the Kassar House , navigate to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
navigate to the Walter Hall before going to the Lot 76 .
navigate to the Walter Hall before going to the BERT .
navigate to the Robinson Gate before going to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
navigate to the Prospect House before going to the Robinson Hall .
navigate to the Saint Stephens Church before going to the Wilbour Hall .
navigate to the Lippit House before going to the Maxcy Green .
navigate to the Metcalf Research Building before going to the Sayles Hall .
navigate to the Wriston Quad before going to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
navigate to the Brown Center for Students of Color before going to the Urban Environmental Lab .
navigate to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall before going to the The Ivy Room .
navigate to the Brown University before going to the Minden Hall .
navigate to the Rhode Island Hall before going to the Maxcy Hall .
go through the Lyman Hall to the Wilbour Hall .
go through the Swearer Center for Public Service to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
go through the Swearer Center for Public Service to the BERT .
go through the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority to the College Green .
go through the Carrie Tower to the Barus Building .
go through the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ to the Urban Environmental Lab .
go through the Van Wickle Gates to the List Art Building .
go through the 86 Waterman  to the J.W. Wilson .
go through the Carrie Tower to the John Hay Library .
go through the John Hay Library to the 86 Waterman  .
go through the Carrie Tower to the Slavery Memorial .
go through the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology to the Starbucks .
go from the Salomon Center for Teaching to the Slater Hall
go from the Brown Bear to the Shirley Miller House
go from the Van Wickle Gates to the Watson Center for Information Technology
go from the BERT to the Swearer Center for Public Service
go from the War Memorial to the Untitled Lamp/Bear
go from the Marcus Aurelius to the Rhode Island Hall
go from the Quiet Green to the Soldiers Memorial Gate
go from the Lot 76 to the Hegeman
go from the Class of 1887 Gate to the University Hall
move to the Arnold Laboratory but ensure to go to the The Ivy Room first .
move to the Brown Bear but ensure to go to the 86 Waterman  first .
move to the War Memorial but ensure to go to the Lyman Hall first .
move to the BERT but ensure to go to the Sears first .
move to the Soldiers Memorial Gate but ensure to go to the Sears first .
move to the Lincoln Field Building but ensure to go to the Lot 18 first .
move to the Wilbour Hall but ensure to go to the Hope College first .
move to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity but ensure to go to the BERT first .
move to the Arnold Laboratory but ensure to go to the Maxcy Green first .
go from Littlefield Hall to Van Wickle Gates .
go from Lot 76 to Casey Shearer Memorial .
go from Robinson Hall to The Ivy Room .
go from Casey Shearer Memorial to Maxcy Hall .
go from Brown University to College Green .
go from Lyman Hall to University Hall .
go from Sharpe Refectory to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go from Sayles Hall to Finlandia .
go from John Nicholas Brown Gate to Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to the Class of 1872 Gate , then go to the Sayles Hall .
go to the Lot 18 , then go to the Metcalf Research Building .
go to the Norwood House , then go to the Quiet Green .
go to the Slater Hall , then go to the Maddock Alumni  .
go to the Norwood House , then go to the Prince Engineering Lab .
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop , then go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color , then go to the Slater Hall .
go to the Marston Hall , then go to the Marcus Aurelius .
go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences , then go to the Maxcy Hall .
go to the P-131317 , then go to the Quiet Green .
go from the Marcus Aurelius to the Brown University .
go from the Blue Room to the Caswell Hall .
go from the Saint Stephens Church to the 86 Waterman  .
go from the Hughes Court to the Prince Engineering Lab .
go from the Van Wickle Gates to the BERT .
go from the Marston Hall to the J.W. Wilson .
go from the Marcus Aurelius to the Littlefield Hall .
go from the Norwood House to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
go from the Sears to the Maddock Alumni  .
go from the Friedman Hall to the Urban Environmental Lab .
go from the Citizen's Bank to the The Ivy Room .
go to the Metcalf Research Building , then go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop
go to the Littlefield Hall , then go to the Van Wickle Gates
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop , then go to the Slavery Memorial
go to the John Carter Brown Library , then go to the Wriston Quad
go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate , then go to the J.W. Wilson
go to the Brown University , then go to the Manning
go to the John Hay Library , then go to the Rhode Island Hall
go to the Lot 17 , then go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate
go to the Van Wickle Gates , then go to the University Hall
go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology , then go to the Lot 18
go to the Class of 1887 Gate , then go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop
go to the Sears , then go to the Casey Shearer Memorial
go to the University Hall , then go to the Wayland
go to the Mencoff Hall , then go to the Brown Bear
go to the Lot 18 , then go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority
go from the Wilbour Hall to the Untitled Lamp/Bear
go from the War Memorial to the Urban Environmental Lab
go from the Sears to the Saint Stephens Church
go from the Barus Building to the Brown Bear
go from the Rockefeller Library to the Walter Hall
go from the Quiet Green to the Lincoln Field Building
go from the Marcus Aurelius to the Maxcy Green
go from the Hope College to the Brown Bear
go from the Littlefield Hall to the Swearer Center for Public Service
go from the Hope College to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority
go from the University Hall to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences
go from the Caswell Hall to the Sayles Hall
go from the Prospect House to the Wriston Quad
go to the Wilbour Hall through the Rockefeller Library .
go to the Caswell Hall through the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate through the Robinson Hall .
go to the Van Wickle Gates through the John Hay Library .
go to the Wayland through the Littlefield Hall .
go to the List Art Building through the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to the Simmons Quadrangle through the Sears .
go to the Van Wickle Gates through the Walter Hall .
go to the Maxcy Hall through the College Green .
go to the Brown University Sciences Library through the Friedman Hall .
go to the Norwood House through the Carrie Tower .
go to the Maddock Alumni  through the Horace Mann House .
go to the Hughes Court through the Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching through the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to the List Art Building and then go to the Class of 1887 Gate .
go to the Medical Research Lab and then go to the J.W. Wilson .
go to the Rhode Island Hall and then go to the Class of 1887 Gate .
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity and then go to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to the Lippit House and then go to the Manning .
go to the Rhode Island Hall and then go to the Faunce House .
go to the Idee di pietra and then go to the Minden Hall .
go to the Littlefield Hall and then go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate and then go to the Prince Engineering Lab .
go to the Urban Environmental Lab and then go to the Shirley Miller House .
go to the J.W. Wilson , then go to the Finlandia .
go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear , then go to the Wayland .
go to the Lyman Hall , then go to the Walter Hall .
go to the Circle Dance Sculpture , then go to the Horace Mann House .
go to the Slater Hall , then go to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Maxcy Green , then go to the Maxcy Hall .
go to the Prospect House , then go to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to the War Memorial , then go to the Metcalf Research Building .
go to the Friedman Hall , then go to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to the Marcus Aurelius , then go to the Finlandia .
go to the Robinson Gate , then go to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to the Casey Shearer Memorial , then go to the Lot 76 .
go to the Saint Stephens Church , then go to the Rockefeller Library .
go to the Faunce House , then go to the Mencoff Hall .
navigate to the Soldiers Memorial Gate by passing through the Simmons Quadrangle .
navigate to the Arnold Laboratory by passing through the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
navigate to the Class of 1872 Gate by passing through the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
navigate to the Caswell Hall by passing through the Sears .
navigate to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology by passing through the Blue Room .
navigate to the Prince Engineering Lab by passing through the Faunce House .
navigate to the Manning by passing through the Lot 18 .
navigate to the University Hall by passing through the Prince Engineering Lab .
navigate to the 67 George by passing through the Wayland .
navigate to the Brown Bear by passing through the Wriston Quad .
navigate from the Slater Hall to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
navigate from the Finlandia to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
navigate from the Saint Stephens Church to the Sharpe Refectory .
navigate from the Prince Engineering Lab to the Wriston Quad .
navigate from the Brown University Sciences Library to the Manning .
navigate from the Lincoln Field Building to the John Carter Brown Library .
navigate from the Starbucks to the Sayles Hall .
navigate from the Gardner House to the Brown University Sciences Library .
navigate from the Circle Dance Sculpture to the Lot 76 .
navigate from the Friedman Hall to the Medical Research Lab .
head to the Simmons Quadrangle but first go to the Rockefeller Library .
head to the Manning but first go to the Slater Hall .
head to the Manning but first go to the John Carter Brown Library .
head to the Barus Building but first go to the Caswell Hall .
head to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority but first go to the Wilbour Hall .
head to the Robinson Hall but first go to the Wayland .
head to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall but first go to the Sayles Hall .
head to the Arnold Laboratory but first go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
head to the Simmons Quadrangle but first go to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
head to the Minden Hall but first go to the Friedman Hall .
head to the P-131317 but first go to the 67 George .
head to the Van Wickle Gates but first go to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
head to the The Ivy Room but first go to the Faunce House .
head to the Lot 17 but first go to the Hope College .
head to the Lippit House but first go to the Maxcy Hall .
go to the John Carter Brown Library through the Marcus Aurelius
go to the Van Wickle Gates through the Van Wickle Gates
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology through the Prospect House
go to the Barus Building through the Marston Hall
go to the Marcus Aurelius through the War Memorial
go to the Walter Hall through the John Carter Brown Library
go to the Metcalf Research Building through the Mencoff Hall
go to the Sayles Hall through the Circle Dance Sculpture
go to the Minden Hall through the Marston Hall
go to the 86 Waterman  through the Swearer Center for Public Service
go to the Hughes Court through the Starbucks
go to the BERT through the Untitled Lamp/Bear
go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences through the College Green
go to the Brown Bear through the Maxcy Green
go to the Caswell Hall then go to the Walter Hall
go to the J.W. Wilson then go to the Littlefield Hall
go to the Caswell Hall then go to the Van Wickle Gates
go to the Robinson Gate then go to the J.W. Wilson
go to the Idee di pietra then go to the Brown University
go to the J.W. Wilson then go to the Urban Environmental Lab
go to the Slavery Memorial then go to the Norwood House
go to the Class of 1872 Gate then go to the John Carter Brown Library
go to the Lippit House then go to the Van Wickle Gates
go to the Hughes Court then go to the Brown Center for Students of Color
go to the John Hay Library then go to the Prospect House
go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear then go to the Starbucks
go to the Casey Shearer Memorial then go to the BERT
go to the P-131317 then go to the Lot 18
go from the Brown University to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology
go from the Lot 18 to the Maxcy Hall
go from the Kassar House to the Blue Room
go from the Van Wickle Gates to the P-131317
go from the Lincoln Field Building to the Idee di pietra
go from the Robinson Gate to the Sears
go from the Arnold Laboratory to the Hope College
go from the Lot 76 to the Maddock Alumni 
go from the Idee di pietra to the BERT
go from the Urban Environmental Lab to the Caswell Hall
go from the Starbucks to the Slater Hall
go from the Lot 76 to the J.W. Wilson
go from the Maddock Alumni  to the Starbucks
go to the Circle Dance Sculpture through the Urban Environmental Lab
go to the Minden Hall through the Brown University Sciences Library
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color through the Wilbour Hall
go to the Medical Research Lab through the Watson Center for Information Technology
go to the Lincoln Field Building through the Saint Stephens Church
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate through the Lippit House
go to the Medical Research Lab through the Slater Hall
go to the The Ivy Room through the John Hay Library
go to the Minden Hall through the Robinson Hall
go to the J.W. Wilson through the Barus Building
go to the Prince Engineering Lab through the Caswell Hall
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity through the Marcus Aurelius
go to the Medical Research Lab through the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate
go to the Arnold Laboratory and then go to the Urban Environmental Lab .
go to the J.W. Wilson and then go to the Blue Room .
go to the Maxcy Green and then go to the Walter Hall .
go to the Swearer Center for Public Service and then go to the P-131317 .
go to the Friedman Hall and then go to the Norwood House .
go to the Lot 17 and then go to the Littlefield Hall .
go to the Marston Hall and then go to the Robinson Gate .
go to the Marcus Aurelius and then go to the Norwood House .
go to the Saint Stephens Church and then go to the Brown University Sciences Library .
go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate and then go to the Norwood House .
go to the Slater Hall and then go to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to the P-131317 and then go to the Starbucks .
go to the Wilbour Hall and then go to the University Hall .
go to the Lot 17 and then go to the Barus Building .
go to the Lincoln Field Building and then go to the BERT .
go through the Maxcy Hall to the University Hall
go through the Medical Research Lab to the Finlandia
go through the Kassar House to the Sharpe Refectory
go through the Metcalf Research Building to the Minden Hall
go through the War Memorial to the Brown Bear
go through the Friedman Hall to the John Hay Library
go through the Prince Engineering Lab to the Lot 17
go through the Circle Dance Sculpture to the Friedman Hall
go through the Class of 1887 Gate to the Maddock Alumni 
go through the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority to the Saint Stephens Church
go through the Brown University Sciences Library to the Circle Dance Sculpture
go through the Hegeman to the Sears
go through the Brown University to the Norwood House
go through the Carrie Tower to the Wayland
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall through the Rhode Island Hall .
go to the J.W. Wilson through the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the The Ivy Room through the Wriston Quad .
go to the Walter Hall through the Faunce House .
go to the Sayles Hall through the Carrie Tower .
go to the John Hay Library through the BERT .
go to the Van Wickle Gates through the Lincoln Field Building .
go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear through the Lot 18 .
go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate through the Sharpe Refectory .
go to the Lot 17 through the Lincoln Field Building .
go to the Marcus Aurelius through the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to the Hope College through the Kassar House .
avoid the Slater Hall until you enter the Maxcy Green .
avoid the Sharpe Refectory until you enter the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
avoid the P-131317 until you enter the Wilbour Hall .
avoid the Van Wickle Gates until you enter the Maxcy Green .
avoid the Lincoln Field Building until you enter the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
avoid the Robinson Gate until you enter the 86 Waterman  .
avoid the Saint Stephens Church until you enter the Lot 17 .
avoid the Quiet Green until you enter the Wayland .
avoid the Brown Center for Students of Color until you enter the Quiet Green .
avoid the Blue Room until you enter the Wilbour Hall .
go to or through the Quiet Green , but avoid going to the Quiet Green through the College Green
go to or through the P-131317 , but avoid going to the P-131317 through the Robinson Hall
go to or through the Friedman Hall , but avoid going to the Friedman Hall through the Caswell Hall
go to or through the Swearer Center for Public Service , but avoid going to the Swearer Center for Public Service through the Lincoln Field Building
go to or through the Lot 17 , but avoid going to the Lot 17 through the Hegeman
go to or through the 67 George , but avoid going to the 67 George through the J.W. Wilson
go to or through the Finlandia , but avoid going to the Finlandia through the Metcalf Research Building
go to or through the Marston Hall , but avoid going to the Marston Hall through the Sears
go to or through the Barus Building , but avoid going to the Barus Building through the Starbucks
go to or through the Norwood House , but avoid going to the Norwood House through the Swearer Center for Public Service
go to or through the Lot 17 , but avoid going to the Lot 17 through the Watson Center for Information Technology
go to or through the Class of 1872 Gate , but avoid going to the Class of 1872 Gate through the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ
go to or through the J.W. Wilson , but avoid going to the J.W. Wilson through the Maddock Alumni 
go to or through the Hegeman , but avoid going to the Hegeman through the Brown University
avoid the Soldiers Memorial Gate until going to the Barus Building .
avoid the Hughes Court until going to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
avoid the Citizen's Bank until going to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
avoid the Soldiers Memorial Gate until going to the Brown Bear .
avoid the P-131317 until going to the Friedman Hall .
avoid the Arnold Laboratory until going to the College Green .
avoid the Carrie Tower until going to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
avoid the Slavery Memorial until going to the Maddock Alumni  .
avoid the P-131317 until going to the Lot 17 .
go to the Lippit House and if you have reached the Lippit House you may proceed to the Starbucks or stay in the Lippit House .
go to the Hegeman and if you have reached the Hegeman you may proceed to the Watson Center for Information Technology or stay in the Hegeman .
go to the War Memorial and if you have reached the War Memorial you may proceed to the Slavery Memorial or stay in the War Memorial .
go to the Littlefield Hall and if you have reached the Littlefield Hall you may proceed to the Maxcy Hall or stay in the Littlefield Hall .
go to the Metcalf Research Building and if you have reached the Metcalf Research Building you may proceed to the Caswell Hall or stay in the Metcalf Research Building .
go to the Robinson Hall and if you have reached the Robinson Hall you may proceed to the Marcus Aurelius or stay in the Robinson Hall .
go to the Shirley Miller House and if you have reached the Shirley Miller House you may proceed to the Mencoff Hall or stay in the Shirley Miller House .
go to the Lot 17 and if you have reached the Lot 17 you may proceed to the Van Wickle Gates or stay in the Lot 17 .
go to the Class of 1887 Gate and if you have reached the Class of 1887 Gate you may proceed to the Sharpe Refectory or stay in the Class of 1887 Gate .
go to the 67 George and if you have reached the 67 George you may proceed to the University Hall or stay in the 67 George .
go to the Manning and if you have reached the Manning you may proceed to the Caswell Hall or stay in the Manning .
go to the List Art Building and if you have reached the List Art Building you may proceed to the Carrie Tower or stay in the List Art Building .
go to the Hope College and if you have reached the Hope College you may proceed to the Gardner House or stay in the Hope College .
go to the Arnold Laboratory or the Class of 1872 Gate only .
go to the 67 George or the List Art Building only .
go to the Lyman Hall or the Prince Engineering Lab only .
go to the Minden Hall or the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop only .
go to the Robinson Hall or the Lot 76 only .
go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate or the Lot 76 only .
go to the Blue Room or the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology only .
go to the John Hay Library or the Prospect House only .
go to the Hughes Court or the Wriston Quad only .
go to the Kassar House or the Prince Engineering Lab only .
go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear or the Salomon Center for Teaching only .
go to the Starbucks or the College Green only .
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority or the Lincoln Field Building only .
go to the Maxcy Hall or the Rockefeller Library only .
avoid the Wilbour Hall until you go to the Maxcy Hall .
avoid the Arnold Laboratory until you go to the Kassar House .
avoid the Casey Shearer Memorial until you go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
avoid the Prospect House until you go to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
avoid the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop until you go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
avoid the Wilbour Hall until you go to the Lyman Hall .
avoid the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ until you go to the Class of 1872 Gate .
avoid the Brown Center for Students of Color until you go to the Class of 1872 Gate .
avoid the College Green until you go to the Lyman Hall .
avoid the Friedman Hall until you go to the Walter Hall .
avoid the Untitled Lamp/Bear until you go to the 86 Waterman  .
avoid the Brown Center for Students of Color until after navigating to the Citizen's Bank .
avoid the Horace Mann House until after navigating to the Rhode Island Hall .
avoid the Marcus Aurelius until after navigating to the Norwood House .
avoid the Salomon Center for Teaching until after navigating to the Lot 76 .
avoid the Manning until after navigating to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
avoid the 86 Waterman  until after navigating to the Medical Research Lab .
avoid the Class of 1887 Gate until after navigating to the Saint Stephens Church .
avoid the Caswell Hall until after navigating to the Lincoln Field Building .
avoid the Idee di pietra until after navigating to the The Ivy Room .
avoid the Soldiers Memorial Gate until after navigating to the Brown University Sciences Library .
avoid the Maxcy Green until after navigating to the Starbucks .
avoid the Brown Bear until after navigating to the Arnold Laboratory .
avoid the Robinson Gate and reach Robinson Gate
avoid the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ and reach The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ
avoid the Marcus Aurelius and reach Marcus Aurelius
go to the Metcalf Research Building avoiding the Wayland . only if you reached the Metcalf Research Building then you may proceed to the Wayland .
go to the Brown Bear avoiding the Norwood House . only if you reached the Brown Bear then you may proceed to the Norwood House .
go to the John Carter Brown Library avoiding the Wayland . only if you reached the John Carter Brown Library then you may proceed to the Wayland .
go to the John Hay Library avoiding the Mencoff Hall . only if you reached the John Hay Library then you may proceed to the Mencoff Hall .
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority avoiding the Swearer Center for Public Service . only if you reached the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority then you may proceed to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to the Prince Engineering Lab avoiding the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ . only if you reached the Prince Engineering Lab then you may proceed to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to the Rhode Island Hall avoiding the Manning . only if you reached the Rhode Island Hall then you may proceed to the Manning .
go to the Hughes Court avoiding the Quiet Green . only if you reached the Hughes Court then you may proceed to the Quiet Green .
go to the Saint Stephens Church avoiding the Quiet Green . only if you reached the Saint Stephens Church then you may proceed to the Quiet Green .
go to the Quiet Green avoiding the Slater Hall . only if you reached the Quiet Green then you may proceed to the Slater Hall .
go to the Rhode Island Hall avoiding the Littlefield Hall . only if you reached the Rhode Island Hall then you may proceed to the Littlefield Hall .
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity avoiding the 86 Waterman  . only if you reached the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity then you may proceed to the 86 Waterman  .
go to the Lyman Hall avoiding the Robinson Gate . only if you reached the Lyman Hall then you may proceed to the Robinson Gate .
go to the Marston Hall avoiding the Barus Building . only if you reached the Marston Hall then you may proceed to the Barus Building .
avoid the Rockefeller Library until going to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
avoid the Class of 1887 Gate until going to the Quiet Green .
avoid the Finlandia until going to the Hope College .
avoid the Brown Bear until going to the Urban Environmental Lab .
avoid the Hughes Court until going to the Friedman Hall .
avoid the Brown Bear until going to the Hegeman .
avoid the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop until going to the Hughes Court .
avoid the William Goddard Memorial Gate until going to the Wayland .
avoid the Brown University Sciences Library until going to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
avoid the Marcus Aurelius until going to the Faunce House .
avoid the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology until going to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
avoid the Norwood House until going to the Kassar House .
avoid the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority until going to the College Green .
avoid the The Ivy Room until going to the Brown University .
avoid the BERT until going to the Barus Building .
avoid the Robinson Gate until going to the Simmons Quadrangle .
avoid the Maxcy Hall until going to the Sears .
avoid the Salomon Center for Teaching until going to the 86 Waterman  .
avoid the Norwood House until going to the Maxcy Hall .
avoid the Slater Hall until going to the College Green .
avoid the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology until going to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
avoid the Littlefield Hall until going to the Lot 18 .
avoid the Blue Room until going to the The Ivy Room .
avoid the Barus Building until going to the Brown University Sciences Library .
avoid the Campus Market until going to the Manning .
avoid the Prospect House until navigating to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
avoid the J.W. Wilson until navigating to the Kassar House .
avoid the Slavery Memorial until navigating to the P-131317 .
avoid the BERT until navigating to the Class of 1872 Gate .
avoid the Mencoff Hall until navigating to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
avoid the Class of 1887 Gate until navigating to the Brown Bear .
avoid the Wriston Quad until navigating to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
avoid the Wilbour Hall until navigating to the The Ivy Room .
avoid the Rockefeller Library until navigating to the List Art Building .
avoid the The Ivy Room until navigating to the John Hay Library .
go to the blue room .
go to the blue room .
go to the blue room .
avoid the Van Wickle Gates on your way to the Robinson Hall . once you get to the Robinson Hall you can to the Van Wickle Gates .
avoid the P-131317 on your way to the Casey Shearer Memorial . once you get to the Casey Shearer Memorial you can to the P-131317 .
avoid the Littlefield Hall on your way to the John Nicholas Brown Gate . once you get to the John Nicholas Brown Gate you can to the Littlefield Hall .
avoid the 86 Waterman  on your way to the Sharpe Refectory . once you get to the Sharpe Refectory you can to the 86 Waterman  .
avoid the Slater Hall on your way to the Maxcy Green . once you get to the Maxcy Green you can to the Slater Hall .
avoid the John Hay Library on your way to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology . once you get to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology you can to the John Hay Library .
avoid the Watson Center for Information Technology on your way to the John Carter Brown Library . once you get to the John Carter Brown Library you can to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
avoid the Class of 1887 Gate on your way to the John Hay Library . once you get to the John Hay Library you can to the Class of 1887 Gate .
avoid the War Memorial on your way to the College Green . once you get to the College Green you can to the War Memorial .
avoid the Citizen's Bank on your way to the 67 George . once you get to the 67 George you can to the Citizen's Bank .
avoid the Lippit House on your way to the Untitled Lamp/Bear . once you get to the Untitled Lamp/Bear you can to the Lippit House .
avoid the Sears on your way to the Watson Center for Information Technology . once you get to the Watson Center for Information Technology you can to the Sears .
go to the Casey Shearer Memorial but do not enter the Untitled Lamp/Bear first .
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate but do not enter the Sears first .
go to the Walter Hall but do not enter the Marcus Aurelius first .
go to the Robinson Hall but do not enter the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate first .
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop but do not enter the Slater Hall first .
go to the Robinson Gate but do not enter the Campus Market first .
go to the University Hall but do not enter the Untitled Lamp/Bear first .
go to the Brown Bear but do not enter the Robinson Hall first .
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop but do not enter the Faunce House first .
go to the Blue Room but do not enter the Soldiers Memorial Gate first .
go to the Class of 1872 Gate but do not enter the Lot 76 first .
go to the Caswell Hall but do not enter the Casey Shearer Memorial first .
go to the Van Wickle Gates but do not enter the 67 George first .
go to the Mencoff Hall without going to the Blue Room . if you reached the Mencoff Hall , now you can go to the Blue Room .
go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate without going to the Watson Center for Information Technology . if you reached the John Nicholas Brown Gate , now you can go to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate without going to the Lot 76 . if you reached the William Goddard Memorial Gate , now you can go to the Lot 76 .
go to the Prospect House without going to the The Ivy Room . if you reached the Prospect House , now you can go to the The Ivy Room .
go to the Hughes Court without going to the William Goddard Memorial Gate . if you reached the Hughes Court , now you can go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to the Maxcy Hall without going to the Faunce House . if you reached the Maxcy Hall , now you can go to the Faunce House .
go to the Sharpe Refectory without going to the Manning . if you reached the Sharpe Refectory , now you can go to the Manning .
go to the Friedman Hall without going to the Lyman Hall . if you reached the Friedman Hall , now you can go to the Lyman Hall .
go to the Manning without going to the Wilbour Hall . if you reached the Manning , now you can go to the Wilbour Hall .
go to the Brown University without going to the The Ivy Room . if you reached the Brown University , now you can go to the The Ivy Room .
go to the Rockefeller Library avoiding the Circle Dance Sculpture . go through the Rockefeller Library to get to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to the College Green avoiding the Littlefield Hall . go through the College Green to get to the Littlefield Hall .
go to the Lyman Hall avoiding the Casey Shearer Memorial . go through the Lyman Hall to get to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate avoiding the The Ivy Room . go through the John Nicholas Brown Gate to get to the The Ivy Room .
go to the War Memorial avoiding the Wilbour Hall . go through the War Memorial to get to the Wilbour Hall .
go to the Hegeman avoiding the Blue Room . go through the Hegeman to get to the Blue Room .
go to the 67 George avoiding the Finlandia . go through the 67 George to get to the Finlandia .
go to the Mencoff Hall avoiding the Casey Shearer Memorial . go through the Mencoff Hall to get to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to the Brown Bear avoiding the Kassar House . go through the Brown Bear to get to the Kassar House .
go to the Campus Market avoiding the Saint Stephens Church . go through the Campus Market to get to the Saint Stephens Church .
go to the Sears avoiding the Class of 1872 Gate . go through the Sears to get to the Class of 1872 Gate .
avoid the Lot 18 until going to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
avoid the Wriston Quad until going to the Citizen's Bank .
avoid the 67 George until going to the Maxcy Green .
avoid the Finlandia until going to the Blue Room .
avoid the Maxcy Hall until going to the Class of 1887 Gate .
avoid the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority until going to the University Hall .
avoid the Starbucks until going to the Lyman Hall .
avoid the Hegeman until going to the Caswell Hall .
avoid the Caswell Hall until going to the Finlandia .
avoid the Minden Hall until going to the John Carter Brown Library .
avoid the Walter Hall until going to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to Lot 76 before going in the Van Wickle Gates .
go to William Goddard Memorial Gate before going in the Van Wickle Gates .
go to Wayland before going in the Medical Research Lab .
go to Minden Hall before going in the Prince Engineering Lab .
go to Urban Environmental Lab before going in the J.W. Wilson .
go to Slater Hall before going in the Class of 1887 Gate .
go to Robinson Hall before going in the BERT .
go to Hope College before going in the Quiet Green .
go to Sayles Hall before going in the BERT .
avoid the Rockefeller Library until you go through the List Art Building .
avoid the Watson Center for Information Technology until you go through the War Memorial .
avoid the Faunce House until you go through the Medical Research Lab .
avoid the Van Wickle Gates until you go through the Citizen's Bank .
avoid the The Ivy Room until you go through the 86 Waterman  .
avoid the Caswell Hall until you go through the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
avoid the Minden Hall until you go through the Class of 1887 Gate .
avoid the Metcalf Research Building until you go through the Prospect House .
avoid the Van Wickle Gates until you go through the Lot 76 .
avoid the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop until you go through the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
avoid the War Memorial until you go through the Brown Bear .
avoid the Wayland until you go through the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
avoid the Hope College until you go through the Salomon Center for Teaching .
avoid the Sharpe Refectory until you go through the Slavery Memorial .
avoid the Shirley Miller House until you go through the Brown University .
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority before going to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences
go to the Wilbour Hall before going to the The Ivy Room
go to the Van Wickle Gates before going to the Robinson Hall
go to the Caswell Hall before going to the Untitled Lamp/Bear
go to the Slavery Memorial before going to the Lot 18
go to the Lot 76 before going to the Saint Stephens Church
go to the 67 George before going to the Maxcy Green
go to the Wayland before going to the Campus Market
go to the Rhode Island Hall before going to the John Carter Brown Library
go to the 67 George before going to the Manning
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology before going to the Brown Center for Students of Color
go to the J.W. Wilson before going to the Sears
go to the Faunce House before going to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop
avoid the The Ivy Room until going to the John Hay Library .
avoid the John Hay Library until going to the John Hay Library .
avoid the Hegeman until going to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
avoid the War Memorial until going to the Citizen's Bank .
avoid the Brown University Sciences Library until going to the Class of 1872 Gate .
avoid the Simmons Quadrangle until going to the Maddock Alumni  .
avoid the Salomon Center for Teaching until going to the Starbucks .
avoid the Salomon Center for Teaching until going to the Medical Research Lab .
avoid the P-131317 until going to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
avoid the Lot 17 until going to the Lot 76 .
avoid the Faunce House until going to the Wayland .
avoid the Class of 1872 Gate until you go to the Hughes Court .
avoid the Wayland until you go to the BERT .
avoid the Horace Mann House until you go to the Hope College .
avoid the Wilbour Hall until you go to the Prospect House .
avoid the Simmons Quadrangle until you go to the Lyman Hall .
avoid the Kassar House until you go to the Hegeman .
avoid the Sayles Hall until you go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
avoid the Robinson Hall until you go to the Lot 76 .
avoid the Prospect House until you go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
avoid the List Art Building until you go to the Hegeman .
avoid the John Hay Library until you go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
avoid the John Hay Library until you go to the Sears .
avoid the Littlefield Hall until you go to the Sayles Hall .
go to the Hughes Court while avoiding the 86 Waterman  and if you have reached the Hughes Court then you can go to the 86 Waterman  .
go to the Brown Bear while avoiding the Faunce House and if you have reached the Brown Bear then you can go to the Faunce House .
go to the Brown University while avoiding the Barus Building and if you have reached the Brown University then you can go to the Barus Building .
go to the Sears while avoiding the Robinson Hall and if you have reached the Sears then you can go to the Robinson Hall .
go to the Lyman Hall while avoiding the Finlandia and if you have reached the Lyman Hall then you can go to the Finlandia .
go to the Lyman Hall while avoiding the Citizen's Bank and if you have reached the Lyman Hall then you can go to the Citizen's Bank .
go to the Manning while avoiding the J.W. Wilson and if you have reached the Manning then you can go to the J.W. Wilson .
go to the Urban Environmental Lab while avoiding the Casey Shearer Memorial and if you have reached the Urban Environmental Lab then you can go to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences while avoiding the Swearer Center for Public Service and if you have reached the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences then you can go to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to or through the Finlandia always avoid going to the Finlandia through the Prospect House
go to or through the Finlandia always avoid going to the Finlandia through the War Memorial
go to or through the Lincoln Field Building always avoid going to the Lincoln Field Building through the Maxcy Hall
go to or through the J.W. Wilson always avoid going to the J.W. Wilson through the Casey Shearer Memorial
go to or through the War Memorial always avoid going to the War Memorial through the Class of 1887 Gate
go to or through the Arnold Laboratory always avoid going to the Arnold Laboratory through the John Nicholas Brown Gate
go to or through the Swearer Center for Public Service always avoid going to the Swearer Center for Public Service through the Simmons Quadrangle
go to or through the Maxcy Hall always avoid going to the Maxcy Hall through the Robinson Gate
go to or through the Marcus Aurelius always avoid going to the Marcus Aurelius through the Norwood House
go to or through the University Hall always avoid going to the University Hall through the Simmons Quadrangle
go to or through the P-131317 always avoid going to the P-131317 through the Sharpe Refectory
go to or through the Brown Bear always avoid going to the Brown Bear through the 86 Waterman 
go to or through the Arnold Laboratory always avoid going to the Arnold Laboratory through the Class of 1887 Gate
go to or through the Brown Bear always avoid going to the Brown Bear through the Soldiers Memorial Gate
go to or through the Casey Shearer Memorial always avoid going to the Casey Shearer Memorial through the Wilbour Hall
avoid the Kassar House until you go to the The Ivy Room .
avoid the BERT until you go to the Maxcy Green .
avoid the P-131317 until you go to the Metcalf Research Building .
avoid the Littlefield Hall until you go to the J.W. Wilson .
avoid the Campus Market until you go to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
avoid the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate until you go to the Rhode Island Hall .
avoid the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate until you go to the Hope College .
avoid the List Art Building until you go to the Simmons Quadrangle .
avoid the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority until you go to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
avoid the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences until you go to the Class of 1872 Gate .
avoid the Brown University Sciences Library until you go to the Lot 18 .
avoid the Sayles Hall until you go to the Brown Bear .
avoid the Class of 1872 Gate until you go to the Maxcy Hall .
avoid the College Green until you go to the Quiet Green .
avoid the 67 George until you go to the Metcalf Research Building .
avoid the Van Wickle Gates until going to the John Hay Library .
avoid the Brown University until going to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
avoid the Sharpe Refectory until going to the Rhode Island Hall .
avoid the Brown Bear until going to the Friedman Hall .
avoid the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences until going to the Slater Hall .
avoid the Prince Engineering Lab until going to the Wriston Quad .
avoid the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity until going to the Hegeman .
avoid the Manning until going to the Quiet Green .
avoid the Brown University until going to the BERT .
avoid the Metcalf Research Building until after you 've gone to the Starbucks .
avoid the Untitled Lamp/Bear until after you 've gone to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
avoid the Simmons Quadrangle until after you 've gone to the Hughes Court .
avoid the Slater Hall until after you 've gone to the Class of 1872 Gate .
avoid the J.W. Wilson until after you 've gone to the Maddock Alumni  .
avoid the College Green until after you 've gone to the Finlandia .
avoid the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences until after you 've gone to the Robinson Hall .
avoid the War Memorial until after you 've gone to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
avoid the Untitled Lamp/Bear until after you 've gone to the Rockefeller Library .
avoid the Finlandia until after you 've gone to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
navigate to the Saint Stephens Church but do not pass through the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
navigate to the Maxcy Green but do not pass through the College Green .
navigate to the Brown Bear but do not pass through the Caswell Hall .
navigate to the Lot 17 but do not pass through the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
navigate to the Norwood House but do not pass through the Carrie Tower .
navigate to the Kassar House but do not pass through the Lot 18 .
navigate to the Lippit House but do not pass through the Faunce House .
navigate to the Finlandia but do not pass through the 86 Waterman  .
navigate to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology but do not pass through the Carrie Tower .
navigate to the Barus Building but do not pass through the Lincoln Field Building .
navigate to the Saint Stephens Church but do not pass through the 67 George .
navigate to the Robinson Gate but do not pass through the Metcalf Research Building .
navigate to the Horace Mann House but do not pass through the Wilbour Hall .
go to the Maddock Alumni  without going through the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to the Van Wickle Gates without going through the Robinson Gate .
go to the Citizen's Bank without going through the Lot 17 .
go to the Maxcy Green without going through the P-131317 .
go to the Minden Hall without going through the Carrie Tower .
go to the 67 George without going through the Finlandia .
go to the Blue Room without going through the Sayles Hall .
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology without going through the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to the John Hay Library without going through the Quiet Green .
go to the College Green without going through the Idee di pietra .
go to the Maddock Alumni  without going through the John Carter Brown Library .
go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear without going through the Rockefeller Library .
travel to Van Wickle Gates .
travel to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
travel to Metcalf Research Building .
travel to Mencoff Hall .
travel to Rockefeller Library .
travel to Mencoff Hall .
travel to Friedman Hall .
travel to Prospect House .
travel to Norwood House .
travel to University Hall .
travel to Friedman Hall .
travel to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
travel to List Art Building .
travel to Prince Engineering Lab .
go to Hope College .
go to Maxcy Green .
go to Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to Brown Bear .
go to Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to Lot 17 .
go to College Green .
go to Finlandia .
go to Friedman Hall .
go to Medical Research Lab .
go to Wilbour Hall .
go to Maxcy Hall .
go to Manning .
go to List Art Building .
navigate directly to Hegeman .
navigate directly to Casey Shearer Memorial .
navigate directly to Brown University .
navigate directly to Slater Hall .
navigate directly to Rockefeller Library .
navigate directly to Watson Center for Information Technology .
navigate directly to Maddock Alumni  .
navigate directly to Kassar House .
navigate directly to Brown Center for Students of Color .
navigate directly to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
navigate directly to Brown Bear .
navigate directly to Hughes Court .
navigate directly to Kassar House .
navigate directly to Faunce House .
navigate directly to Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Brown University Sciences Library
go to the Idee di pietra
go to the Blue Room
go to the Wilbour Hall
go to the Metcalf Research Building
go to the 86 Waterman 
go to the Van Wickle Gates
go to the P-131317
go to the P-131317
go to the War Memorial
go to the Faunce House
go to the Gardner House
go to Campus Market .
go to Lot 18 .
go to Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to Brown University Sciences Library .
go to Horace Mann House .
go to J.W. Wilson .
go to BERT .
go to Prince Engineering Lab .
go to John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to BERT .
go to Wayland .
go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to Minden Hall .
go to Faunce House .
go to Quiet Green
go to Van Wickle Gates
go to Slater Hall
go to Salomon Center for Teaching
go to Robinson Hall
go to Soldiers Memorial Gate
go to 86 Waterman 
go to John Carter Brown Library
go to William Goddard Memorial Gate
go to Prospect House .
go to Littlefield Hall .
go to Finlandia .
go to Citizen's Bank .
go to Lincoln Field Building .
go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to Wilbour Hall .
go to J.W. Wilson .
go to Brown Bear .
go to Friedman Hall .
go to Rockefeller Library .
navigate to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
navigate to List Art Building .
navigate to Walter Hall .
navigate to Van Wickle Gates .
navigate to John Hay Library .
navigate to Idee di pietra .
navigate to Blue Room .
navigate to Gardner House .
navigate to Lyman Hall .
navigate to Shirley Miller House .
navigate to Maddock Alumni  .
navigate to Brown University .
navigate to John Hay Library .
navigate to P-131317 .
navigate to Faunce House .
navigate to Kassar House .
navigate to Brown Center for Students of Color .
navigate to Brown Center for Students of Color .
navigate to Caswell Hall .
navigate to Brown University Sciences Library .
navigate to Circle Dance Sculpture .
navigate to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
navigate to Slater Hall .
navigate to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to Campus Market .
go to Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to Saint Stephens Church .
go to Urban Environmental Lab .
go to Walter Hall .
go to Horace Mann House .
go to Slater Hall .
go to Friedman Hall .
go to Shirley Miller House .
go to Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to Brown Bear .
go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to BERT .
go to Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to John Carter Brown Library .
go to Manning .
go to Lot 17 .
go to Marcus Aurelius .
go to William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to John Hay Library .
go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to John Carter Brown Library .
go to Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to Hegeman .
go to Lincoln Field Building .
go to Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to Lyman Hall .
go to 86 Waterman  .
go to The Ivy Room .
go to Wriston Quad .
go to Sharpe Refectory .
go to Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to Rhode Island Hall .
go to Maxcy Hall .
go to Idee di pietra .
go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to Maddock Alumni  .
go to BERT .
go to Finlandia
go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate
go to Lippit House
go to Prospect House
go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology
go to Watson Center for Information Technology
go to Barus Building
go to Rockefeller Library
go to Brown University
go to Walter Hall
go to Wayland
go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate
go to Brown University
go to Hegeman .
go to Robinson Gate .
go to Sayles Hall .
go to Minden Hall .
go to Friedman Hall .
go to Citizen's Bank .
go to Sharpe Refectory .
go to List Art Building .
go to Norwood House .
go to Arnold Laboratory .
go to Gardner House .
go to Prospect House .
go to Maddock Alumni  .
go to Shirley Miller House .
move to Gardner House .
move to Watson Center for Information Technology .
move to Medical Research Lab .
move to Littlefield Hall .
move to Saint Stephens Church .
move to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
move to William Goddard Memorial Gate .
move to Medical Research Lab .
move to Rockefeller Library .
move to P-131317 .
move to Watson Center for Information Technology .
move to Norwood House .
go to Rhode Island Hall .
go to Sayles Hall .
go to BERT .
go to 67 George .
go to Maxcy Green .
go to Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to Horace Mann House .
go to Brown Bear .
go to Hegeman .
go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to Lyman Hall .
go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology
go to Mencoff Hall
go to Urban Environmental Lab
go to Starbucks
go to Campus Market
go to Blue Room
go to War Memorial
go to John Hay Library
go to Finlandia
go to Littlefield Hall
go to Lyman Hall
go to Class of 1887 Gate
go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ
go to Brown University
go to J.W. Wilson
go to Marcus Aurelius
go to Metcalf Research Building
go to Friedman Hall
go to Campus Market
go to Kassar House
go to Arnold Laboratory
go to Brown University Sciences Library
go to Watson Center for Information Technology
go to J.W. Wilson
go to Slavery Memorial
go to Brown University
go to Swearer Center for Public Service
go to Class of 1887 Gate
go to Lot 18
go directly to Mencoff Hall .
go directly to Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go directly to Shirley Miller House .
go directly to Hope College .
go directly to Robinson Gate .
go directly to Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go directly to Brown Center for Students of Color .
go directly to Kassar House .
go directly to Horace Mann House .
go directly to Finlandia .
go directly to Campus Market .
go directly to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go directly to 86 Waterman  .
go directly to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go directly to Lippit House .
go to Wayland .
go to Idee di pietra .
go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to Gardner House .
go to Brown University Sciences Library .
go to Quiet Green .
go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to Urban Environmental Lab
go to Friedman Hall
go to Robinson Hall
go to William Goddard Memorial Gate
go to Wriston Quad
go to Soldiers Memorial Gate
go to Lyman Hall
go to Carrie Tower
go to John Nicholas Brown Gate
go to List Art Building
go to Lippit House
go to Prince Engineering Lab
go to Sears
go to Carrie Tower
go to William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to Sayles Hall .
go to Brown Bear .
go to 86 Waterman  .
go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to Walter Hall .
go to P-131317 .
go to List Art Building .
navigate to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
navigate to Idee di pietra .
navigate to Brown Bear .
navigate to Robinson Gate .
navigate to Norwood House .
navigate to Van Wickle Gates .
navigate to Hegeman .
navigate to Sears .
navigate to Littlefield Hall .
navigate to Brown Bear .
go to Lyman Hall .
go to Faunce House .
go to Caswell Hall .
go to University Hall .
go to Maddock Alumni  .
go to Sharpe Refectory .
go to Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to Van Wickle Gates .
go to Hegeman .
go to Barus Building .
go to Idee di pietra .
go to Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to Van Wickle Gates .
go to Simmons Quadrangle .
navigate to Rockefeller Library .
navigate to Lippit House .
navigate to Van Wickle Gates .
navigate to Class of 1887 Gate .
navigate to 67 George .
navigate to Citizen's Bank .
navigate to Brown Center for Students of Color .
navigate to Hegeman .
navigate to Medical Research Lab .
navigate to P-131317 .
navigate to P-131317 .
navigate to Watson Center for Information Technology .
navigate to War Memorial .
navigate to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
navigate to Watson Center for Information Technology .
navigate to John Hay Library .
navigate to J.W. Wilson .
navigate to Maxcy Hall .
navigate to Robinson Gate .
navigate to Brown University .
navigate to Marcus Aurelius .
navigate to Salomon Center for Teaching .
navigate to Maddock Alumni  .
navigate to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
navigate to John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to J.W. Wilson
go to Van Wickle Gates
go to Slater Hall
go to Shirley Miller House
go to Lincoln Field Building
go to Brown University Sciences Library
go to Campus Market
go to Lot 76
go to Circle Dance Sculpture
go to Van Wickle Gates
go to Citizen's Bank
go to Rhode Island Hall
travel to Friedman Hall .
travel to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
travel to Brown University .
travel to Urban Environmental Lab .
travel to P-131317 .
travel to Salomon Center for Teaching .
travel to Lot 18 .
travel to Lippit House .
travel to Finlandia .
travel to William Goddard Memorial Gate .
travel to Lincoln Field Building .
travel to John Hay Library .
go to Citizen's Bank .
go to Simmons Quadrangle .
go to Prince Engineering Lab .
go to Kassar House .
go to Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to Hope College .
go to Gardner House .
go to Horace Mann House .
go to Blue Room .
go to Marston Hall .
go to Robinson Gate .
go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to Hughes Court .
go to Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to Wriston Quad .
go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop
go to Sharpe Refectory
go to Lot 76
go to Kassar House
go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences
go to List Art Building
go to Faunce House
go to College Green
go to Mencoff Hall
go to Faunce House
go to Idee di pietra
go to Wayland before going to Hope College .
go to Littlefield Hall before going to Lot 76 .
go to Horace Mann House before going to Gardner House .
go to John Hay Library before going to List Art Building .
go to John Nicholas Brown Gate before going to Campus Market .
go to Marston Hall before going to Starbucks .
go to The Ivy Room before going to Lyman Hall .
go to J.W. Wilson before going to Idee di pietra .
go to Class of 1887 Gate before going to Wilbour Hall .
go to Brown Bear before going to Metcalf Research Building .
go to Robinson Hall , then go to Norwood House
go to University Hall , then go to Kassar House
go to Sears , then go to Sayles Hall
go to Finlandia , then go to Robinson Hall
go to Saint Stephens Church , then go to Lot 17
go to Van Wickle Gates , then go to Wayland
go to Barus Building , then go to Starbucks
go to Brown University Sciences Library , then go to Maddock Alumni 
go to Casey Shearer Memorial , then go to Lot 76
go to Maddock Alumni  , then go to Hope College
go to Lyman Hall , then go to Lincoln Field Building
go to Untitled Lamp/Bear , then go to Norwood House
go to Blue Room and then to Robinson Gate .
go to Wriston Quad and then to Littlefield Hall .
go to Rhode Island Hall and then to Lot 18 .
go to Untitled Lamp/Bear and then to Maxcy Hall .
go to Maxcy Green and then to Quiet Green .
go to Soldiers Memorial Gate and then to University Hall .
go to Finlandia and then to University Hall .
go to Van Wickle Gates and then to Quiet Green .
go to Walter Hall and then to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to Idee di pietra and then to Brown Bear .
go to Hughes Court and then to Walter Hall .
go to Brown University and then to 67 George .
go to Brown University Sciences Library and then to Shirley Miller House .
go to Medical Research Lab and then to Minden Hall .
go to Hughes Court and then to The Ivy Room .
always pass Watson Center for Information Technology before Marston Hall .
always pass Brown Center for Students of Color before Hope College .
always pass Brown Bear before Arnold Laboratory .
always pass Sayles Hall before John Carter Brown Library .
always pass Casey Shearer Memorial before Metcalf Research Building .
always pass Rockefeller Library before Wilbour Hall .
always pass Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop before Sayles Hall .
always pass Quiet Green before Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
always pass Van Wickle Gates before Rhode Island Hall .
always pass Friedman Hall before Class of 1872 Gate .
always pass Watson Center for Information Technology before John Hay Library .
always pass Idee di pietra before The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop then P-131317 .
go to Friedman Hall then Van Wickle Gates .
go to Lincoln Field Building then Robinson Gate .
go to Brown University then Medical Research Lab .
go to Maxcy Green then Simmons Quadrangle .
go to Urban Environmental Lab then Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to Blue Room then Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to John Hay Library then Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to Van Wickle Gates then Hughes Court .
go to College Green then Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to William Goddard Memorial Gate then Quiet Green .
go to Shirley Miller House then Campus Market .
go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology before going to Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to Norwood House before going to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to Horace Mann House before going to Simmons Quadrangle .
go to Minden Hall before going to Starbucks .
go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority before going to Walter Hall .
go to Lincoln Field Building before going to Wayland .
go to Horace Mann House before going to Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to College Green before going to Hope College .
go to College Green before going to Rockefeller Library .
go to Rhode Island Hall before going to J.W. Wilson .
go to University Hall through War Memorial
go to College Green through List Art Building
go to Shirley Miller House through Lyman Hall
go to Urban Environmental Lab through Untitled Lamp/Bear
go to Sharpe Refectory through Brown Center for Students of Color
go to Robinson Gate through Casey Shearer Memorial
go to Blue Room through Starbucks
go to List Art Building through Prince Engineering Lab
go to John Hay Library through Lyman Hall
go to Brown University through Robinson Hall
go to Hope College through University Hall
go to Manning through Mencoff Hall
go to Medical Research Lab through Idee di pietra
go to BERT through Faunce House
go to Slavery Memorial , then up to Hughes Court .
go to Starbucks , then up to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to Lot 18 , then up to Urban Environmental Lab .
go to Saint Stephens Church , then up to Starbucks .
go to Carrie Tower , then up to College Green .
go to Lot 18 , then up to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences , then up to Wilbour Hall .
go to Untitled Lamp/Bear , then up to Quiet Green .
go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate , then up to Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to Lot 76 , then up to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to Walter Hall , then up to Blue Room .
go to Brown University Sciences Library , then up to Rockefeller Library .
go to Marcus Aurelius , then up to Mencoff Hall .
go to The Ivy Room , then up to Casey Shearer Memorial .
navigate through Carrie Tower then go to Casey Shearer Memorial .
navigate through 67 George then go to Untitled Lamp/Bear .
navigate through The Ivy Room then go to Simmons Quadrangle .
navigate through Walter Hall then go to Brown University .
navigate through Wriston Quad then go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
navigate through Maxcy Hall then go to Sayles Hall .
navigate through Lot 17 then go to Campus Market .
navigate through Prospect House then go to J.W. Wilson .
navigate through Hope College then go to Lyman Hall .
navigate through Starbucks then go to Hegeman .
go through Maxcy Hall to John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go through Van Wickle Gates to Maxcy Hall .
go through Swearer Center for Public Service to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go through Hope College to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go through Idee di pietra to College Green .
go through Slavery Memorial to Brown Bear .
go through Littlefield Hall to Mencoff Hall .
go through Lot 76 to Barus Building .
go through War Memorial to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go through Kassar House to Hughes Court .
go through Rockefeller Library to Faunce House .
go through Caswell Hall to Medical Research Lab .
go through 67 George to Van Wickle Gates .
go through Maddock Alumni  to Saint Stephens Church .
go to Slavery Memorial and proceed to Mencoff Hall .
go to Horace Mann House and proceed to Lot 18 .
go to Slater Hall and proceed to Urban Environmental Lab .
go to Maddock Alumni  and proceed to Slavery Memorial .
go to Wayland and proceed to College Green .
go to Hegeman and proceed to Wilbour Hall .
go to Prospect House and proceed to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to 67 George and proceed to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to Quiet Green and proceed to William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to Idee di pietra , then go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to Mencoff Hall , then go to Hughes Court .
go to Arnold Laboratory , then go to Walter Hall .
go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences , then go to Quiet Green .
go to Maxcy Hall , then go to Lot 18 .
go to Robinson Hall , then go to Norwood House .
go to Finlandia , then go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to Mencoff Hall , then go to BERT .
go to Saint Stephens Church , then go to Wriston Quad .
go to Friedman Hall , then go to Slater Hall .
go to Hegeman and then to Sayles Hall
go to Faunce House and then to List Art Building
go to Idee di pietra and then to Wayland
go to Robinson Hall and then to Casey Shearer Memorial
go to Citizen's Bank and then to Casey Shearer Memorial
go to William Goddard Memorial Gate and then to Circle Dance Sculpture
go to Mencoff Hall and then to Campus Market
go to Wriston Quad and then to Marcus Aurelius
go to University Hall and then to Hegeman
go to Metcalf Research Building and then to Walter Hall
go to Metcalf Research Building and then to Carrie Tower
go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority and then to Quiet Green
go to Horace Mann House through Gardner House .
go to University Hall through Starbucks .
go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences through Lyman Hall .
go to Quiet Green through John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to Marston Hall through Brown Bear .
go to Mencoff Hall through Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to Quiet Green through Metcalf Research Building .
go to Sharpe Refectory through Rockefeller Library .
go to Marcus Aurelius through Saint Stephens Church .
go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate through 86 Waterman  .
go to Friedman Hall through Brown Bear .
go to Sears through Lincoln Field Building .
go to Class of 1887 Gate through Kassar House .
go to Class of 1887 Gate through Norwood House .
go to Simmons Quadrangle through John Hay Library .
go to Robinson Hall through Faunce House .
go to Untitled Lamp/Bear through Lippit House .
go to Littlefield Hall through Van Wickle Gates .
go to J.W. Wilson through Gardner House .
go to Prince Engineering Lab through Horace Mann House .
go to College Green through Marston Hall .
go to Medical Research Lab through Citizen's Bank .
go to Caswell Hall through The Ivy Room .
go to Circle Dance Sculpture through Barus Building .
go to Finlandia through Shirley Miller House .
go to Gardner House through Lincoln Field Building .
go to Salomon Center for Teaching through Citizen's Bank .
go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity through Friedman Hall .
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop before going to Medical Research Lab
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate before going to Manning
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology before going to J.W. Wilson
go to the Class of 1887 Gate before going to Class of 1872 Gate
go to the Prospect House before going to Marston Hall
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology before going to Maxcy Green
go to the Swearer Center for Public Service before going to Casey Shearer Memorial
go to the Slavery Memorial before going to Barus Building
go to the Sharpe Refectory before going to Van Wickle Gates
go to the Sears before going to Salomon Center for Teaching
go to the Walter Hall before going to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology
go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology before going to Slavery Memorial
go to Marcus Aurelius , then go to BERT .
go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate , then go to Maxcy Hall .
go to John Carter Brown Library , then go to Brown University Sciences Library .
go to Gardner House , then go to Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to Lot 76 , then go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ , then go to Slater Hall .
go to Wayland , then go to Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to Mencoff Hall , then go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to Rhode Island Hall , then go to Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to Watson Center for Information Technology , then go to Arnold Laboratory .
go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity , then go to Slavery Memorial .
go to War Memorial , then go to Prospect House .
go to Sharpe Refectory , then go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to Arnold Laboratory , then go to Wriston Quad .
go through Minden Hall then go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go through Alpha Chi Omega Sorority then go to Robinson Hall .
go through BERT then go to Rhode Island Hall .
go through Brown Center for Students of Color then go to Wriston Quad .
go through Robinson Gate then go to Manning .
go through Minden Hall then go to Brown Bear .
go through Mencoff Hall then go to Van Wickle Gates .
go through Robinson Hall then go to Faunce House .
go through Morgan Witter Rogers Gate then go to Medical Research Lab .
go through Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity then go to University Hall .
go to Idee di pietra through Soldiers Memorial Gate
go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority through Friedman Hall
go to Brown University through Faunce House
go to Lot 17 through War Memorial
go to Casey Shearer Memorial through Finlandia
go to Barus Building through Idee di pietra
go to Marcus Aurelius through Prospect House
go to Metcalf Research Building through Carrie Tower
go to Wriston Quad through BERT
go to John Hay Library through Carrie Tower
go to Prince Engineering Lab through Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology
go to 67 George through Starbucks
go to Van Wickle Gates through List Art Building
go to Blue Room through Robinson Hall
go to Simmons Quadrangle then go to Rockefeller Library .
go to Marcus Aurelius then go to Brown University .
go to Marston Hall then go to Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to Lippit House then go to Walter Hall .
go to Lippit House then go to Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to Quiet Green then go to Lot 76 .
go to Quiet Green then go to Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to Wilbour Hall then go to Brown Bear .
go to Sharpe Refectory then go to Van Wickle Gates .
go to Campus Market then go to Slater Hall .
go to John Hay Library then go to Brown Bear .
go to Caswell Hall through Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to Brown University Sciences Library through John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ through Urban Environmental Lab .
go to Slater Hall through Horace Mann House .
go to John Nicholas Brown Gate through Maddock Alumni  .
go to Lincoln Field Building through Norwood House .
go to Saint Stephens Church through Slater Hall .
go to Sharpe Refectory through Arnold Laboratory .
go to Arnold Laboratory through William Goddard Memorial Gate .
first navigate to Medical Research Lab , then go to Saint Stephens Church .
first navigate to Lot 17 , then go to John Hay Library .
first navigate to Van Wickle Gates , then go to Slavery Memorial .
first navigate to Lyman Hall , then go to Marcus Aurelius .
first navigate to The Ivy Room , then go to University Hall .
first navigate to Lippit House , then go to John Hay Library .
first navigate to Lot 76 , then go to Mencoff Hall .
first navigate to Rhode Island Hall , then go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
first navigate to Minden Hall , then go to Maddock Alumni  .
first navigate to Brown Center for Students of Color , then go to Brown Bear .
go to Horace Mann House through Swearer Center for Public Service
go to Simmons Quadrangle through Alpha Chi Omega Sorority
go to Horace Mann House through Hegeman
go to Brown Bear through Marston Hall
go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity through Rhode Island Hall
go to Maddock Alumni  through Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity
go to Mencoff Hall through Class of 1887 Gate
go to William Goddard Memorial Gate through Gardner House
go to John Hay Library through Prince Engineering Lab
go to Walter Hall through Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop
always go to Lot 18 before The Ivy Room .
always go to Robinson Hall before Watson Center for Information Technology .
always go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop before Brown Bear .
always go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology before Minden Hall .
always go to Prospect House before Class of 1887 Gate .
always go to Slavery Memorial before John Hay Library .
always go to Lot 18 before List Art Building .
always go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate before J.W. Wilson .
always go to Metcalf Research Building before Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
always go to Sayles Hall before Robinson Hall .
always go to University Hall before Mencoff Hall .
always go to Blue Room before Class of 1887 Gate .
always go to Walter Hall before John Carter Brown Library .
go to 67 George , then go to Rhode Island Hall .
go to BERT , then go to Lot 76 .
go to Slavery Memorial , then go to Class of 1872 Gate .
go to Maddock Alumni  , then go to J.W. Wilson .
go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall , then go to Barus Building .
go to Class of 1887 Gate , then go to War Memorial .
go to Caswell Hall , then go to Robinson Gate .
go to Medical Research Lab , then go to Quiet Green .
go to Van Wickle Gates , then go to Robinson Gate .
go to University Hall , then go to Prince Engineering Lab .
go to Lot 76 , then go to Van Wickle Gates .
go to Lincoln Field Building , then go to J.W. Wilson .
go to Lyman Hall , then go to Marcus Aurelius .
go to 67 George , then go to Hope College .
go to P-131317 , then go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to Wayland by going through Shirley Miller House
go to Wilbour Hall by going through University Hall
go to Hegeman by going through Lyman Hall
go to Littlefield Hall by going through Prince Engineering Lab
go to Marcus Aurelius by going through Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology
go to Casey Shearer Memorial by going through Idee di pietra
go to Friedman Hall by going through Prince Engineering Lab
go to Circle Dance Sculpture by going through Walter Hall
go to Faunce House by going through Idee di pietra
go to Brown Bear after going to J.W. Wilson .
go to Barus Building after going to Urban Environmental Lab .
go to John Nicholas Brown Gate after going to Arnold Laboratory .
go to Finlandia after going to Hope College .
go to Starbucks after going to The Ivy Room .
go to Maxcy Green after going to Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to Caswell Hall after going to Maxcy Hall .
go to Hughes Court after going to Mencoff Hall .
go to BERT after going to Sears .
go to Quiet Green after going to Slater Hall .
go to Idee di pietra after going to Norwood House .
go to Urban Environmental Lab after going to Wilbour Hall .
go to Watson Center for Information Technology after going to Campus Market .
go to Class of 1872 Gate after going to John Carter Brown Library .
go through GeoChem and Macmillian Hall to Brown University .
go through Untitled Lamp/Bear to Watson Center for Information Technology .
go through Friedman Hall to Caswell Hall .
go through Marston Hall to Class of 1887 Gate .
go through John Hay Library to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go through Simmons Quadrangle to Swearer Center for Public Service .
go through Slavery Memorial to Shirley Miller House .
go through Alpha Chi Omega Sorority to Circle Dance Sculpture .
go through Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity to Norwood House .
go through Casey Shearer Memorial to Lyman Hall .
go through The Ivy Room to Sayles Hall .
go through Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop to Lot 18 .
avoid the Casey Shearer Memorial and travel to the Lippit House .
avoid the Manning and travel to the Littlefield Hall .
avoid the Saint Stephens Church and travel to the Horace Mann House .
avoid the Van Wickle Gates and travel to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
avoid the Hegeman and travel to the Sears .
avoid the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall and travel to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
avoid the Robinson Gate and travel to the War Memorial .
avoid the Hope College and travel to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
avoid the Lincoln Field Building and travel to the War Memorial .
avoid the Carrie Tower and travel to the 86 Waterman  .
avoid the Van Wickle Gates and travel to the Wayland .
avoid the Brown Center for Students of Color and travel to the John Hay Library .
avoid the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop and travel to the Sears .
avoid the Mencoff Hall and travel to the Brown Bear .
avoid the Sears and travel to the BERT .
avoid the William Goddard Memorial Gate and go to the Walter Hall .
avoid the Walter Hall and go to the Robinson Gate .
avoid the P-131317 and go to the Minden Hall .
avoid the Brown Bear and go to the Littlefield Hall .
avoid the University Hall and go to the Arnold Laboratory .
avoid the Maddock Alumni  and go to the Lippit House .
avoid the Hughes Court and go to the Hope College .
avoid the Marcus Aurelius and go to the Robinson Hall .
avoid the Soldiers Memorial Gate and go to the Lot 18 .
avoid the Van Wickle Gates and go to the Sharpe Refectory .
avoid the Maxcy Green and go to the Van Wickle Gates .
avoid the Lot 18 and go to the Simmons Quadrangle .
avoid the Lippit House and go to the Citizen's Bank .
go to the Brown Bear avoiding the Lot 76 .
go to the 86 Waterman  avoiding the 67 George .
go to the Swearer Center for Public Service avoiding the Brown Bear .
go to the Faunce House avoiding the Starbucks .
go to the Idee di pietra avoiding the Friedman Hall .
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ avoiding the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate avoiding the Gardner House .
go to the 67 George avoiding the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to the Metcalf Research Building avoiding the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate avoiding the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to the Lippit House avoiding the Littlefield Hall .
go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences avoiding the Lot 18 .
go to the Carrie Tower avoiding the Minden Hall .
always avoid the Campus Market and go to the Arnold Laboratory .
always avoid the Lyman Hall and go to the Medical Research Lab .
always avoid the Norwood House and go to the Class of 1872 Gate .
always avoid the Sayles Hall and go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
always avoid the Citizen's Bank and go to the Quiet Green .
always avoid the Prince Engineering Lab and go to the Sears .
always avoid the Robinson Gate and go to the Brown University .
always avoid the Starbucks and go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
always avoid the Prospect House and go to the Sayles Hall .
always avoid the Marcus Aurelius and go to the Rhode Island Hall .
always avoid the Lot 76 and go to the Finlandia .
always avoid the Salomon Center for Teaching and go to the Van Wickle Gates .
always avoid the Maddock Alumni  and go to the P-131317 .
go to the Citizen's Bank while avoiding the Saint Stephens Church
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall while avoiding the Swearer Center for Public Service
go to the Idee di pietra while avoiding the Kassar House
go to the Lyman Hall while avoiding the Blue Room
go to the Minden Hall while avoiding the Friedman Hall
go to the Arnold Laboratory while avoiding the Brown University
go to the Barus Building while avoiding the Faunce House
go to the Wayland while avoiding the Salomon Center for Teaching
go to the Blue Room while avoiding the Brown Bear
go to the Lippit House while avoiding the Carrie Tower
go to the Urban Environmental Lab while avoiding the Robinson Gate
go to the Saint Stephens Church while avoiding the Norwood House
go to the Saint Stephens Church while avoiding the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall
go to the Lincoln Field Building while avoiding the Hope College
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop while avoiding the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity
navigate to the Finlandia always avoiding the Campus Market .
navigate to the Robinson Hall always avoiding the Salomon Center for Teaching .
navigate to the Watson Center for Information Technology always avoiding the Lot 17 .
navigate to the Circle Dance Sculpture always avoiding the Citizen's Bank .
navigate to the College Green always avoiding the Friedman Hall .
navigate to the Campus Market always avoiding the Arnold Laboratory .
navigate to the Quiet Green always avoiding the Watson Center for Information Technology .
navigate to the Caswell Hall always avoiding the Slater Hall .
navigate to the Friedman Hall always avoiding the List Art Building .
navigate to the Arnold Laboratory always avoiding the Barus Building .
navigate to the Minden Hall always avoiding the Sayles Hall .
navigate to the Sharpe Refectory always avoiding the Littlefield Hall .
navigate to the Circle Dance Sculpture always avoiding the Hughes Court .
navigate to the Maddock Alumni  always avoiding the Slavery Memorial .
go to the Campus Market and avoid the Caswell Hall .
go to the Gardner House and avoid the Starbucks .
go to the Wilbour Hall and avoid the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop and avoid the Walter Hall .
go to the Swearer Center for Public Service and avoid the Friedman Hall .
go to the Sears and avoid the Brown Bear .
go to the Lot 76 and avoid the List Art Building .
go to the Idee di pietra and avoid the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to the P-131317 and avoid the Robinson Hall .
always avoid the Littlefield Hall and go to the Class of 1887 Gate .
always avoid the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop and go to the Finlandia .
always avoid the Brown Bear and go to the College Green .
always avoid the Prince Engineering Lab and go to the Walter Hall .
always avoid the List Art Building and go to the Mencoff Hall .
always avoid the Arnold Laboratory and go to the Sears .
always avoid the Soldiers Memorial Gate and go to the 67 George .
always avoid the Sears and go to the Simmons Quadrangle .
always avoid the Wriston Quad and go to the Sharpe Refectory .
always avoid the Brown Bear and go to the War Memorial .
always avoid the John Nicholas Brown Gate and go to the Maxcy Green .
always avoid the Mencoff Hall and go to the Slater Hall .
navigate to the Lot 18 but never go to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
navigate to the P-131317 but never go to the J.W. Wilson .
navigate to the Robinson Hall but never go to the Lot 76 .
navigate to the Casey Shearer Memorial but never go to the J.W. Wilson .
navigate to the Salomon Center for Teaching but never go to the John Hay Library .
navigate to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate but never go to the Sharpe Refectory .
navigate to the Class of 1872 Gate but never go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
navigate to the Walter Hall but never go to the Class of 1887 Gate .
navigate to the Faunce House but never go to the Class of 1887 Gate .
navigate to the Friedman Hall but never go to the Prospect House .
navigate to the Saint Stephens Church but never go to the BERT .
navigate to the Lot 17 but never go to the Barus Building .
navigate to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology but never go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
navigate to the Van Wickle Gates but never go to the Wriston Quad .
navigate to the Rhode Island Hall but never go to the Class of 1872 Gate .
avoid the Hegeman , navigate to the Citizen's Bank .
avoid the Untitled Lamp/Bear , navigate to the Brown University .
avoid the Wilbour Hall , navigate to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
avoid the Barus Building , navigate to the Brown University Sciences Library .
avoid the Soldiers Memorial Gate , navigate to the Lot 17 .
avoid the Sears , navigate to the Caswell Hall .
avoid the Hope College , navigate to the Lippit House .
avoid the John Hay Library , navigate to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
avoid the Soldiers Memorial Gate , navigate to the Simmons Quadrangle .
avoid the Brown Bear , navigate to the Arnold Laboratory .
navigate to the 86 Waterman  while avoiding the Arnold Laboratory .
navigate to the Lot 18 while avoiding the Brown Center for Students of Color .
navigate to the Sharpe Refectory while avoiding the Rhode Island Hall .
navigate to the Shirley Miller House while avoiding the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
navigate to the Lot 17 while avoiding the Salomon Center for Teaching .
navigate to the Sharpe Refectory while avoiding the Lyman Hall .
navigate to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop while avoiding the Starbucks .
navigate to the Walter Hall while avoiding the Arnold Laboratory .
navigate to the Minden Hall while avoiding the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to the Barus Building without going to the Brown University Sciences Library
go to the Urban Environmental Lab without going to the Van Wickle Gates
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ without going to the Slater Hall
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity without going to the Sharpe Refectory
go to the Medical Research Lab without going to the Lot 17
go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate without going to the Brown University Sciences Library
go to the Robinson Gate without going to the 86 Waterman 
go to the Kassar House without going to the Lincoln Field Building
go to the Campus Market without going to the Carrie Tower
go to the John Hay Library without going to the Marcus Aurelius
go to the Kassar House without going to the Arnold Laboratory
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color without going to the College Green
go through the John Hay Library to get to John Hay Library
go through the Robinson Hall to get to Robinson Hall
go through the P-131317 to get to P-131317
go through the 67 George to get to 67 George
go through the Minden Hall to get to Minden Hall
avoid the Lippit House and go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
avoid the Hegeman and go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
avoid the Robinson Hall and go to the Simmons Quadrangle .
avoid the Carrie Tower and go to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
avoid the Casey Shearer Memorial and go to the Sayles Hall .
avoid the P-131317 and go to the Lot 18 .
avoid the Sharpe Refectory and go to the Simmons Quadrangle .
avoid the Wayland and go to the The Ivy Room .
avoid the William Goddard Memorial Gate and go to the Gardner House .
avoid the Starbucks and go to the Wayland .
avoid the Gardner House and go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
avoid the Caswell Hall and go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
avoid the Hope College and go to the Caswell Hall .
avoid the Norwood House and go to the College Green .
go to Lot 76 , but do not go to P-131317 .
go to Urban Environmental Lab , but do not go to Wriston Quad .
go to Robinson Gate , but do not go to Horace Mann House .
go to Hughes Court , but do not go to Wilbour Hall .
go to Prince Engineering Lab , but do not go to Faunce House .
go to Friedman Hall , but do not go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to Rhode Island Hall , but do not go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to Rockefeller Library , but do not go to Wriston Quad .
go to Urban Environmental Lab , but do not go to Faunce House .
go to Wilbour Hall , but do not go to Lincoln Field Building .
go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences , but do not go to Brown University .
go to the Urban Environmental Lab without going to the Gardner House .
go to the Carrie Tower without going to the Faunce House .
go to the Lot 18 without going to the Sayles Hall .
go to the Rhode Island Hall without going to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to the Circle Dance Sculpture without going to the Carrie Tower .
go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology without going to the Walter Hall .
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority without going to the Faunce House .
go to the Lot 17 without going to the Brown Bear .
go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate without going to the Class of 1872 Gate .
go to the Arnold Laboratory without going to the Barus Building .
go to the Sayles Hall without going to the Norwood House .
go to the Lincoln Field Building without going to the List Art Building .
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching without going to the Walter Hall .
go to the War Memorial without going to the Wilbour Hall .
go to the Lot 18 without going to the Urban Environmental Lab .
avoid the Citizen's Bank and go to the Urban Environmental Lab .
avoid the Maddock Alumni  and go to the Starbucks .
avoid the Hope College and go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
avoid the William Goddard Memorial Gate and go to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
avoid the Slavery Memorial and go to the Carrie Tower .
avoid the Brown University Sciences Library and go to the Hope College .
avoid the Kassar House and go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
avoid the Soldiers Memorial Gate and go to the Maxcy Green .
avoid the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate and go to the Marcus Aurelius .
avoid the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority and go to the 67 George .
avoid the Arnold Laboratory and go to the BERT .
avoid the Brown University and go to the Wriston Quad .
avoid the John Hay Library and go to the Metcalf Research Building .
avoid the Untitled Lamp/Bear and go to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
avoid the Walter Hall and go to the Shirley Miller House .
avoid the Minden Hall and go to the 86 Waterman  .
avoid the Class of 1872 Gate and go to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
avoid the Lot 76 and go to the P-131317 .
avoid the Friedman Hall and go to the Maddock Alumni  .
avoid the John Hay Library and go to the 67 George .
avoid the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology and go to the Walter Hall .
avoid the Lyman Hall and go to the Sears .
avoid the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall and go to the P-131317 .
avoid the Minden Hall and go to the Lincoln Field Building .
avoid the Idee di pietra and go to the Shirley Miller House .
avoid the Maxcy Green and go to the Hughes Court .
avoid the Starbucks and go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
avoid the Shirley Miller House and go to the Class of 1887 Gate .
avoid the Lyman Hall and go to the Saint Stephens Church .
avoid the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority and go to the Hope College .
avoid the 67 George and go to the List Art Building .
avoid the Class of 1887 Gate and go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
avoid the Sharpe Refectory and go to the Brown Bear .
avoid the Barus Building and go to the Marston Hall .
avoid the Watson Center for Information Technology and go to the Idee di pietra .
avoid the Hope College and go to the Metcalf Research Building .
avoid the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity and go to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
avoid the Class of 1887 Gate and go to the Lincoln Field Building .
avoid the Van Wickle Gates and go to the Medical Research Lab .
avoid the Van Wickle Gates and go to the Marston Hall .
avoid the Blue Room and go to the List Art Building .
avoid the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity and go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
avoid the Barus Building and go to the Robinson Gate .
move to the Robinson Gate while avoiding the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
move to the John Hay Library while avoiding the List Art Building .
move to the Wayland while avoiding the Marcus Aurelius .
move to the Hughes Court while avoiding the Saint Stephens Church .
move to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity while avoiding the Brown University .
move to the Brown Bear while avoiding the Lyman Hall .
move to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity while avoiding the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
move to the Wriston Quad while avoiding the Robinson Hall .
move to the Maxcy Hall while avoiding the Minden Hall .
move to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity while avoiding the Lot 18 .
move to the Maxcy Green while avoiding the Faunce House .
move to the Class of 1872 Gate while avoiding the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
move to the Lyman Hall while avoiding the Robinson Gate .
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate while always avoiding the Blue Room
go to the Kassar House while always avoiding the Hughes Court
go to the Robinson Gate while always avoiding the Rockefeller Library
go to the Mencoff Hall while always avoiding the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop
go to the Saint Stephens Church while always avoiding the Casey Shearer Memorial
go to the Class of 1887 Gate while always avoiding the Urban Environmental Lab
go to the Blue Room while always avoiding the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop
go to the Kassar House while always avoiding the Maxcy Green
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity while always avoiding the Sayles Hall
go to the Hughes Court while always avoiding the Prospect House
go to the Idee di pietra while always avoiding the Kassar House
go to the green room .
go to the green room .
go to the green room .
avoid the Swearer Center for Public Service and navigate to the Carrie Tower .
avoid the Maxcy Hall and navigate to the Faunce House .
avoid the Class of 1887 Gate and navigate to the Brown Bear .
avoid the Starbucks and navigate to the Slavery Memorial .
avoid the Friedman Hall and navigate to the Hegeman .
avoid the Class of 1887 Gate and navigate to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
avoid the Mencoff Hall and navigate to the Walter Hall .
avoid the Slavery Memorial and navigate to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
avoid the Circle Dance Sculpture and navigate to the Hope College .
avoid the Saint Stephens Church and navigate to the Lincoln Field Building .
avoid the Quiet Green and navigate to the Prince Engineering Lab .
always avoid the Quiet Green and go to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
always avoid the Arnold Laboratory and go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
always avoid the Urban Environmental Lab and go to the John Carter Brown Library .
always avoid the Brown Bear and go to the Robinson Gate .
always avoid the Metcalf Research Building and go to the Prospect House .
always avoid the Carrie Tower and go to the J.W. Wilson .
always avoid the Brown University and go to the Van Wickle Gates .
always avoid the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop and go to the Littlefield Hall .
always avoid the P-131317 and go to the War Memorial .
always avoid the Marcus Aurelius and go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
navigate to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate , always avoiding the Idee di pietra .
navigate to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate , always avoiding the University Hall .
navigate to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity , always avoiding the Sayles Hall .
navigate to the Robinson Hall , always avoiding the Lot 18 .
navigate to the Lot 17 , always avoiding the Robinson Hall .
navigate to the Norwood House , always avoiding the Lincoln Field Building .
navigate to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity , always avoiding the University Hall .
navigate to the Marcus Aurelius , always avoiding the Minden Hall .
navigate to the Minden Hall , always avoiding the Van Wickle Gates .
navigate to the Blue Room , always avoiding the Slavery Memorial .
navigate to the Shirley Miller House , always avoiding the Manning .
navigate to the Class of 1887 Gate , always avoiding the Arnold Laboratory .
navigate to the Maxcy Green , always avoiding the Lot 18 .
navigate to the Salomon Center for Teaching , always avoiding the Brown University .
avoid the Barus Building while going to the Prospect House .
avoid the John Hay Library while going to the Brown University .
avoid the Kassar House while going to the BERT .
avoid the Citizen's Bank while going to the Brown University .
avoid the Lippit House while going to the Saint Stephens Church .
avoid the Horace Mann House while going to the Wayland .
avoid the Slavery Memorial while going to the Mencoff Hall .
avoid the Urban Environmental Lab while going to the Lot 17 .
avoid the John Hay Library while going to the John Hay Library .
avoid the Salomon Center for Teaching while going to the Marston Hall .
avoid the Caswell Hall while going to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
avoid the Mencoff Hall while going to the Idee di pietra .
avoid the P-131317 while going to the Idee di pietra .
go to the Idee di pietra whilst avoiding the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to the Lincoln Field Building whilst avoiding the Littlefield Hall .
go to the Lot 17 whilst avoiding the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to the Brown University Sciences Library whilst avoiding the P-131317 .
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate whilst avoiding the Mencoff Hall .
go to the Citizen's Bank whilst avoiding the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to the Rhode Island Hall whilst avoiding the Norwood House .
go to the Maddock Alumni  whilst avoiding the Slater Hall .
go to the Wayland whilst avoiding the Medical Research Lab .
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall whilst avoiding the Casey Shearer Memorial .
head to the Casey Shearer Memorial without going through the Slavery Memorial
head to the Class of 1872 Gate without going through the John Nicholas Brown Gate
head to the 67 George without going through the List Art Building
head to the 86 Waterman  without going through the Finlandia
head to the Campus Market without going through the Class of 1872 Gate
head to the Brown Bear without going through the Kassar House
head to the Brown Bear without going through the College Green
head to the Urban Environmental Lab without going through the Barus Building
head to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity without going through the Circle Dance Sculpture
head to the Robinson Gate without going through the Prince Engineering Lab
head to the Medical Research Lab without going through the Finlandia
avoid the Saint Stephens Church until you go to Slater Hall .
avoid the Barus Building until you go to Simmons Quadrangle .
avoid the Van Wickle Gates until you go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
avoid the Mencoff Hall until you go to Brown Center for Students of Color .
avoid the Hope College until you go to Robinson Gate .
avoid the List Art Building until you go to Walter Hall .
avoid the Slavery Memorial until you go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
avoid the Hughes Court until you go to Faunce House .
avoid the Citizen's Bank until you go to Wayland .
avoid the Brown University until you go to Caswell Hall .
avoid the Lot 18 until you go to Brown Bear .
avoid the Brown University Sciences Library until you go to Urban Environmental Lab .
avoid the Salomon Center for Teaching until you go to Lot 76 .
avoid the William Goddard Memorial Gate until you go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
avoid the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop until you go to Wayland .
always avoid going to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology through the Brown Center for Students of Color
always avoid going to Rhode Island Hall through the John Hay Library
always avoid going to Blue Room through the Sears
always avoid going to Slater Hall through the Watson Center for Information Technology
always avoid going to Maxcy Hall through the Mencoff Hall
always avoid going to Watson Center for Information Technology through the Metcalf Research Building
always avoid going to Wilbour Hall through the Sharpe Refectory
always avoid going to Lot 17 through the College Green
always avoid going to Lincoln Field Building through the Maddock Alumni 
always avoid going to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate through the University Hall
avoid the Casey Shearer Memorial until you navigate to 86 Waterman  .
avoid the Watson Center for Information Technology until you navigate to List Art Building .
avoid the Hope College until you navigate to University Hall .
avoid the Starbucks until you navigate to P-131317 .
avoid the Starbucks until you navigate to Medical Research Lab .
avoid the Salomon Center for Teaching until you navigate to Urban Environmental Lab .
avoid the Barus Building until you navigate to John Hay Library .
avoid the Sears until you navigate to Prospect House .
avoid the Blue Room until you navigate to Wriston Quad .
avoid the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate until you navigate to Sears .
do n't go into the Hope College until going to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ
do n't go into the John Hay Library until going to Robinson Hall
do n't go into the Wilbour Hall until going to Norwood House
do n't go into the Maxcy Hall until going to Norwood House
do n't go into the Urban Environmental Lab until going to Robinson Gate
do n't go into the Gardner House until going to Sears
do n't go into the Friedman Hall until going to Carrie Tower
do n't go into the Campus Market until going to Marcus Aurelius
do n't go into the Watson Center for Information Technology until going to Brown Center for Students of Color
go to Wilbour Hall and avoid the Shirley Miller House .
go to Prince Engineering Lab and avoid the John Hay Library .
go to Metcalf Research Building and avoid the Brown Bear .
go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority and avoid the Saint Stephens Church .
go to P-131317 and avoid the Lot 17 .
go to Wayland and avoid the Lyman Hall .
go to University Hall and avoid the Van Wickle Gates .
go to Brown Center for Students of Color and avoid the 67 George .
go to Lincoln Field Building and avoid the J.W. Wilson .
go to Circle Dance Sculpture and avoid the Wriston Quad .
go to Brown Bear and avoid the Gardner House .
go to Idee di pietra and avoid the Quiet Green .
go to Van Wickle Gates and avoid the Friedman Hall .
go to Lincoln Field Building and avoid the Medical Research Lab .
go to Mencoff Hall and avoid the John Carter Brown Library .
do not go into the Maxcy Hall until going to Robinson Gate
do not go into the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall until going to Mencoff Hall
do not go into the Maddock Alumni  until going to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate
do not go into the J.W. Wilson until going to Wilbour Hall
do not go into the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall until going to Brown University Sciences Library
do not go into the Prince Engineering Lab until going to War Memorial
do not go into the Finlandia until going to Caswell Hall
do not go into the Wayland until going to Metcalf Research Building
do not go into the Sayles Hall until going to Minden Hall
do not go into the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority until going to Brown Bear
do not go into the Arnold Laboratory until going to Van Wickle Gates
do not go into the Hope College until going to Lot 76
do not go into the John Hay Library until going to Soldiers Memorial Gate
do not go into the Manning until going to Marston Hall
avoid the Salomon Center for Teaching on your way to John Carter Brown Library .
avoid the Casey Shearer Memorial on your way to Saint Stephens Church .
avoid the Casey Shearer Memorial on your way to Hope College .
avoid the Untitled Lamp/Bear on your way to Hope College .
avoid the Littlefield Hall on your way to Shirley Miller House .
avoid the Rhode Island Hall on your way to Lyman Hall .
avoid the Barus Building on your way to Van Wickle Gates .
avoid the Wriston Quad on your way to Caswell Hall .
avoid the Quiet Green on your way to Salomon Center for Teaching .
avoid the Class of 1887 Gate on your way to College Green .
avoid the Watson Center for Information Technology on your way to Brown Bear .
go to The Ivy Room but do not enter the Soldiers Memorial Gate first .
go to Lot 76 but do not enter the Sears first .
go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall but do not enter the 86 Waterman  first .
go to Circle Dance Sculpture but do not enter the Watson Center for Information Technology first .
go to Hope College but do not enter the Mencoff Hall first .
go to Friedman Hall but do not enter the Lot 17 first .
go to Norwood House but do not enter the Littlefield Hall first .
go to J.W. Wilson but do not enter the Circle Dance Sculpture first .
go to John Nicholas Brown Gate but do not enter the Circle Dance Sculpture first .
go to Walter Hall but do not enter the Prospect House first .
go to John Hay Library but do not enter the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology first .
go to Marcus Aurelius but do not enter the Saint Stephens Church first .
go to Prince Engineering Lab but do not enter the Lot 76 first .
go to Brown University but do not enter the Gardner House first .
always avoid going to Rockefeller Library through the Barus Building
always avoid going to Watson Center for Information Technology through the Prospect House
always avoid going to Prince Engineering Lab through the Quiet Green
always avoid going to Carrie Tower through the Wayland
always avoid going to List Art Building through the Sears
always avoid going to Blue Room through the Hegeman
always avoid going to Robinson Gate through the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall
always avoid going to Campus Market through the Citizen's Bank
always avoid going to Brown University through the Casey Shearer Memorial
always avoid going to Marston Hall through the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences
always avoid going to College Green through the Circle Dance Sculpture
always avoid going to Salomon Center for Teaching through the Kassar House
always avoid going to Carrie Tower through the Robinson Hall
always avoid going to College Green through the Van Wickle Gates
avoid the Arnold Laboratory until you go to Lot 18 .
avoid the Slavery Memorial until you go to Untitled Lamp/Bear .
avoid the Mencoff Hall until you go to Maxcy Green .
avoid the Rockefeller Library until you go to Walter Hall .
avoid the Soldiers Memorial Gate until you go to Brown University Sciences Library .
avoid the Rockefeller Library until you go to Gardner House .
avoid the Walter Hall until you go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
avoid the Rhode Island Hall until you go to Barus Building .
avoid the Brown Center for Students of Color until you go to Quiet Green .
avoid the John Carter Brown Library until you go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
avoid the Wilbour Hall until you go to Sears .
avoid the Maddock Alumni  until you go to List Art Building .
avoid the P-131317 until you go to Brown University Sciences Library .
avoid the Brown Center for Students of Color until you go to Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to John Hay Library avoiding the Wilbour Hall . then go to the Wilbour Hall or stay on John Hay Library .
go to Manning avoiding the Simmons Quadrangle . then go to the Simmons Quadrangle or stay on Manning .
go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ avoiding the Sayles Hall . then go to the Sayles Hall or stay on The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to Lincoln Field Building avoiding the John Hay Library . then go to the John Hay Library or stay on Lincoln Field Building .
go to BERT avoiding the Prospect House . then go to the Prospect House or stay on BERT .
go to Campus Market avoiding the Lot 18 . then go to the Lot 18 or stay on Campus Market .
go to Lincoln Field Building avoiding the Salomon Center for Teaching . then go to the Salomon Center for Teaching or stay on Lincoln Field Building .
go to Soldiers Memorial Gate avoiding the Simmons Quadrangle . then go to the Simmons Quadrangle or stay on Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to Barus Building avoiding the Lot 17 . then go to the Lot 17 or stay on Barus Building .
go to 86 Waterman  avoiding the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ . then go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ or stay on 86 Waterman  .
go to Carrie Tower avoiding the Salomon Center for Teaching . then go to the Salomon Center for Teaching or stay on Carrie Tower .
go to Arnold Laboratory avoiding the John Hay Library . then go to the John Hay Library or stay on Arnold Laboratory .
go to Robinson Hall avoiding the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ . then go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ or stay on Robinson Hall .
go to University Hall avoiding the Manning . then go to the Manning or stay on University Hall .
go to Faunce House , avoiding the Lippit House
go to Circle Dance Sculpture , avoiding the Brown University Sciences Library
go to John Hay Library , avoiding the Citizen's Bank
go to Maxcy Hall , avoiding the Caswell Hall
go to Citizen's Bank , avoiding the Shirley Miller House
go to Brown Center for Students of Color , avoiding the Van Wickle Gates
go to The Ivy Room , avoiding the Littlefield Hall
go to John Hay Library , avoiding the Horace Mann House
go to Faunce House , avoiding the Finlandia
go to Brown Bear , avoiding the BERT
go to Swearer Center for Public Service but do not first go through the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to Walter Hall but do not first go through the Brown Bear .
go to Robinson Gate but do not first go through the Brown Bear .
go to Prince Engineering Lab but do not first go through the 86 Waterman  .
go to Lippit House but do not first go through the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to Maxcy Green but do not first go through the Littlefield Hall .
go to BERT but do not first go through the P-131317 .
go to 86 Waterman  but do not first go through the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to Lincoln Field Building but do not first go through the Maxcy Hall .
go to Gardner House but do not first go through the Slavery Memorial .
go to War Memorial but do not first go through the Walter Hall .
go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity but do not first go through the Rhode Island Hall .
go to Marston Hall but do not first go through the Gardner House .
go to Walter Hall but do not first go through the College Green .
always avoid going to Campus Market through the Watson Center for Information Technology
always avoid going to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences through the Campus Market
always avoid going to Slater Hall through the P-131317
always avoid going to Brown Center for Students of Color through the Casey Shearer Memorial
always avoid going to John Hay Library through the Minden Hall
always avoid going to University Hall through the Robinson Gate
always avoid going to 86 Waterman  through the J.W. Wilson
always avoid going to Medical Research Lab through the Norwood House
always avoid going to Quiet Green through the Metcalf Research Building
always avoid going to Littlefield Hall through the Maxcy Green
always avoid going to John Carter Brown Library through the Minden Hall
always avoid going to Maddock Alumni  through the Brown Center for Students of Color
always avoid going to College Green through the Sharpe Refectory
avoid the Lincoln Field Building until 86 Waterman  .
avoid the Shirley Miller House until 67 George .
avoid the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ until Lincoln Field Building .
avoid the John Carter Brown Library until Barus Building .
avoid the Wriston Quad until J.W. Wilson .
avoid the Lincoln Field Building until Class of 1872 Gate .
avoid the Mencoff Hall until Class of 1887 Gate .
avoid the Prospect House until 86 Waterman  .
avoid the Carrie Tower until Swearer Center for Public Service .
avoid the Barus Building until Lyman Hall .
go to Salomon Center for Teaching by avoiding the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology and then stay there or continue to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to Marcus Aurelius by avoiding the Faunce House and then stay there or continue to the Faunce House .
go to Brown University Sciences Library by avoiding the Wayland and then stay there or continue to the Wayland .
go to Marston Hall by avoiding the Finlandia and then stay there or continue to the Finlandia .
go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity by avoiding the Walter Hall and then stay there or continue to the Walter Hall .
go to Brown Bear by avoiding the College Green and then stay there or continue to the College Green .
go to Blue Room by avoiding the Maxcy Green and then stay there or continue to the Maxcy Green .
go to Hughes Court by avoiding the 86 Waterman  and then stay there or continue to the 86 Waterman  .
go to Norwood House by avoiding the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate and then stay there or continue to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to Wayland by avoiding the Maxcy Hall and then stay there or continue to the Maxcy Hall .
go to Slavery Memorial by avoiding the University Hall and then stay there or continue to the University Hall .
go to Mencoff Hall by avoiding the War Memorial and then stay there or continue to the War Memorial .
go to Hope College by avoiding the William Goddard Memorial Gate and then stay there or continue to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall by avoiding the Gardner House and then stay there or continue to the Gardner House .
go to Urban Environmental Lab by avoiding the Marston Hall and then stay there or continue to the Marston Hall .
avoid the Brown University Sciences Library until going through Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
avoid the Prince Engineering Lab until going through J.W. Wilson .
avoid the Brown University until going through Mencoff Hall .
avoid the Urban Environmental Lab until going through John Hay Library .
avoid the Slater Hall until going through Saint Stephens Church .
avoid the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity until going through William Goddard Memorial Gate .
avoid the Horace Mann House until going through Littlefield Hall .
avoid the Prince Engineering Lab until going through Van Wickle Gates .
avoid the Lyman Hall until going through Arnold Laboratory .
avoid the Van Wickle Gates until going through Maxcy Green .
avoid the Lippit House until going through Wilbour Hall .
avoid the Hughes Court until going through Prince Engineering Lab .
avoid the Wayland until going through Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to Medical Research Lab , avoid the Hughes Court until you have been to the Medical Research Lab
go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate , avoid the Van Wickle Gates until you have been to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate
go to John Nicholas Brown Gate , avoid the Caswell Hall until you have been to the John Nicholas Brown Gate
go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall , avoid the Barus Building until you have been to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall
go to College Green , avoid the Shirley Miller House until you have been to the College Green
go to Brown University Sciences Library , avoid the Medical Research Lab until you have been to the Brown University Sciences Library
go to Van Wickle Gates , avoid the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ until you have been to the Van Wickle Gates
go to Gardner House , avoid the Simmons Quadrangle until you have been to the Gardner House
go to Citizen's Bank , avoid the John Hay Library until you have been to the Citizen's Bank
go to Sayles Hall before going in the Blue Room
go to Slavery Memorial before going in the Brown University
go to Friedman Hall before going in the Minden Hall
go to William Goddard Memorial Gate before going in the Mencoff Hall
go to Lot 76 before going in the 67 George
go to Wilbour Hall before going in the John Hay Library
go to Urban Environmental Lab before going in the Rhode Island Hall
go to William Goddard Memorial Gate before going in the Van Wickle Gates
go to P-131317 before going in the Marston Hall
avoid the Saint Stephens Church until going to Brown University Sciences Library .
avoid the BERT until going to Hope College .
avoid the Campus Market until going to Kassar House .
avoid the Friedman Hall until going to Sharpe Refectory .
avoid the Watson Center for Information Technology until going to Medical Research Lab .
avoid the Finlandia until going to P-131317 .
avoid the Watson Center for Information Technology until going to Class of 1872 Gate .
avoid the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop until going to Swearer Center for Public Service .
avoid the Soldiers Memorial Gate until going to Barus Building .
avoid the Gardner House until going to Marcus Aurelius .
avoid the List Art Building until going to Maxcy Green .
avoid the Arnold Laboratory until going to Maxcy Hall .
avoid the Starbucks and go to Sears if you reached the Sears , you can now go to the Starbucks or stay on Sears .
avoid the Lippit House and go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity if you reached the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity , you can now go to the Lippit House or stay on Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
avoid the The Ivy Room and go to Wayland if you reached the Wayland , you can now go to the The Ivy Room or stay on Wayland .
avoid the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop and go to Horace Mann House if you reached the Horace Mann House , you can now go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop or stay on Horace Mann House .
avoid the Slavery Memorial and go to Maddock Alumni  if you reached the Maddock Alumni  , you can now go to the Slavery Memorial or stay on Maddock Alumni  .
avoid the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate and go to Brown University Sciences Library if you reached the Brown University Sciences Library , you can now go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate or stay on Brown University Sciences Library .
avoid the BERT and go to Urban Environmental Lab if you reached the Urban Environmental Lab , you can now go to the BERT or stay on Urban Environmental Lab .
avoid the Gardner House and go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ if you reached the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ , you can now go to the Gardner House or stay on The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
avoid the Mencoff Hall and go to Saint Stephens Church if you reached the Saint Stephens Church , you can now go to the Mencoff Hall or stay on Saint Stephens Church .
avoid the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall and go to Slater Hall if you reached the Slater Hall , you can now go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall or stay on Slater Hall .
avoid the Wayland and go to Van Wickle Gates if you reached the Van Wickle Gates , you can now go to the Wayland or stay on Van Wickle Gates .
avoid the Barus Building and go to John Hay Library if you reached the John Hay Library , you can now go to the Barus Building or stay on John Hay Library .
avoid the List Art Building and go to Watson Center for Information Technology if you reached the Watson Center for Information Technology , you can now go to the List Art Building or stay on Watson Center for Information Technology .
avoid the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ until going to Swearer Center for Public Service .
avoid the Slater Hall until going to Slavery Memorial .
avoid the Littlefield Hall until going to Salomon Center for Teaching .
avoid the Littlefield Hall until going to Maddock Alumni  .
avoid the Brown Bear until going to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
avoid the Campus Market until going to Walter Hall .
avoid the Salomon Center for Teaching until going to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
avoid the Brown University until going to Barus Building .
avoid the Van Wickle Gates until going to Saint Stephens Church .
avoid the Brown Center for Students of Color until going to Soldiers Memorial Gate .
avoid the 67 George until going to Hegeman .
move to Sears without entering the P-131317 . then you may stay at Sears or go to the P-131317 .
move to The Ivy Room without entering the Swearer Center for Public Service . then you may stay at The Ivy Room or go to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
move to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology without entering the Brown Bear . then you may stay at Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology or go to the Brown Bear .
move to P-131317 without entering the Lippit House . then you may stay at P-131317 or go to the Lippit House .
move to Hughes Court without entering the J.W. Wilson . then you may stay at Hughes Court or go to the J.W. Wilson .
move to Lyman Hall without entering the Lippit House . then you may stay at Lyman Hall or go to the Lippit House .
move to University Hall without entering the Lippit House . then you may stay at University Hall or go to the Lippit House .
move to Mencoff Hall without entering the William Goddard Memorial Gate . then you may stay at Mencoff Hall or go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
move to 86 Waterman  without entering the Kassar House . then you may stay at 86 Waterman  or go to the Kassar House .
move to Lincoln Field Building without entering the Van Wickle Gates . then you may stay at Lincoln Field Building or go to the Van Wickle Gates .
move to Walter Hall without entering the John Carter Brown Library . then you may stay at Walter Hall or go to the John Carter Brown Library .
move to Brown Bear without entering the Lot 76 . then you may stay at Brown Bear or go to the Lot 76 .
move to University Hall without entering the Quiet Green . then you may stay at University Hall or go to the Quiet Green .
avoid the Friedman Hall until you go to Sayles Hall .
avoid the Brown University until you go to Circle Dance Sculpture .
avoid the Hegeman until you go to Class of 1872 Gate .
avoid the Norwood House until you go to List Art Building .
avoid the List Art Building until you go to Campus Market .
avoid the Shirley Miller House until you go to Untitled Lamp/Bear .
avoid the Swearer Center for Public Service until you go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
avoid the Saint Stephens Church until you go to University Hall .
avoid the Hughes Court until you go to Circle Dance Sculpture .
avoid the 86 Waterman  until you go to Brown Bear .
avoid the J.W. Wilson until you go to Littlefield Hall .
avoid the Maxcy Green until you go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
avoid the John Nicholas Brown Gate until you go to Lot 18 .
avoid the Brown University until you go to Hope College .
avoid the Metcalf Research Building until reaching Untitled Lamp/Bear .
avoid the Robinson Hall until reaching Wayland .
avoid the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ until reaching Wriston Quad .
avoid the Starbucks until reaching List Art Building .
avoid the P-131317 until reaching Campus Market .
avoid the Marcus Aurelius until reaching J.W. Wilson .
avoid the John Nicholas Brown Gate until reaching Walter Hall .
avoid the Watson Center for Information Technology until reaching GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
avoid the Walter Hall until reaching Sharpe Refectory .
avoid the War Memorial until reaching University Hall .
avoid the Arnold Laboratory until reaching Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
avoid the Brown University until reaching Wilbour Hall .
avoid the University Hall until reaching Friedman Hall .
avoid the Lot 18 until reaching BERT .
avoid the Brown University until going to Medical Research Lab .
avoid the Class of 1872 Gate until going to Quiet Green .
avoid the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity until going to Rhode Island Hall .
avoid the Urban Environmental Lab until going to Brown University Sciences Library .
avoid the Hope College until going to Simmons Quadrangle .
avoid the Brown Bear until going to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
avoid the List Art Building until going to Medical Research Lab .
avoid the Simmons Quadrangle until going to Blue Room .
avoid the Starbucks until going to Brown University .
avoid the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity until going to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go through Marston Hall before going to the University Hall .
go through Class of 1872 Gate before going to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go through Hope College before going to the J.W. Wilson .
go through Lippit House before going to the P-131317 .
go through Idee di pietra before going to the College Green .
go through Blue Room before going to the Maxcy Hall .
go through Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology before going to the John Hay Library .
go through Blue Room before going to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go through Brown Center for Students of Color before going to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go through John Hay Library before going to the Citizen's Bank .
go through Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity before going to the War Memorial .
go through Van Wickle Gates before going to the John Carter Brown Library .
go through Shirley Miller House before going to the Lot 18 .
avoid the Littlefield Hall until passing 86 Waterman  .
avoid the Brown University until passing Medical Research Lab .
avoid the John Carter Brown Library until passing William Goddard Memorial Gate .
avoid the Marston Hall until passing Hope College .
avoid the Friedman Hall until passing Idee di pietra .
avoid the Lot 17 until passing Hope College .
avoid the Lot 18 until passing Brown University .
avoid the List Art Building until passing Maxcy Hall .
avoid the Caswell Hall until passing Mencoff Hall .
go to Brown Bear first , without passing through the Norwood House
go to BERT first , without passing through the Swearer Center for Public Service
go to Soldiers Memorial Gate first , without passing through the Robinson Hall
go to Metcalf Research Building first , without passing through the Kassar House
go to Arnold Laboratory first , without passing through the Barus Building
go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences first , without passing through the Slavery Memorial
go to Lot 18 first , without passing through the Sears
go to J.W. Wilson first , without passing through the Sayles Hall
go to Untitled Lamp/Bear first , without passing through the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity
avoid the first and Robinson Hall and go to Robinson Hall .
avoid the first and Marston Hall and go to Marston Hall .
avoid the first and Class of 1887 Gate and go to Class of 1887 Gate .
avoid the first and Simmons Quadrangle and go to Simmons Quadrangle .
go to Faunce House through the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority
go to Urban Environmental Lab through the Swearer Center for Public Service
go to Lot 17 through the Salomon Center for Teaching
go to John Nicholas Brown Gate through the Saint Stephens Church
go to Hegeman through the Carrie Tower
go to Prospect House through the Robinson Gate
go to Quiet Green through the Lot 76
go to 86 Waterman  through the Starbucks
go to Maxcy Green through the List Art Building
go to The Ivy Room through the Watson Center for Information Technology
go to Brown University through the Circle Dance Sculpture
go to Wayland through the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate
go to Rhode Island Hall through the Maxcy Hall
go to Slavery Memorial through the Littlefield Hall
go to Slavery Memorial through the Citizen's Bank
stay on the Rhode Island Hall and go to Class of 1872 Gate .
stay on the Sears and go to Class of 1887 Gate .
stay on the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall and go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
stay on the Starbucks and go to Robinson Hall .
stay on the Van Wickle Gates and go to Prospect House .
stay on the Slavery Memorial and go to Saint Stephens Church .
stay on the Norwood House and go to Rhode Island Hall .
stay on the Simmons Quadrangle and go to Hope College .
stay on the Idee di pietra and go to Barus Building .
stay on the Salomon Center for Teaching and go to John Hay Library .
stay on the 86 Waterman  and go to Lippit House .
stay on the Maxcy Green and go to Class of 1887 Gate .
stay on the Sears and go to Brown Bear .
stay on the Lot 18 and go to Metcalf Research Building .
stay on the Finlandia and go to Starbucks .
stay on the Van Wickle Gates and go to Wayland .
stay on the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology and go to Blue Room .
stay on the 67 George and go to J.W. Wilson .
stay on the Swearer Center for Public Service and go to War Memorial .
stay on the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate and go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
visit Walter Hall but do n't leave the Mencoff Hall .
visit Horace Mann House but do n't leave the Van Wickle Gates .
visit Littlefield Hall but do n't leave the Brown University Sciences Library .
visit Kassar House but do n't leave the Maxcy Green .
visit Marston Hall but do n't leave the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
visit Barus Building but do n't leave the Hegeman .
visit J.W. Wilson but do n't leave the Prince Engineering Lab .
visit Soldiers Memorial Gate but do n't leave the Watson Center for Information Technology .
visit War Memorial but do n't leave the Watson Center for Information Technology .
visit Carrie Tower but do n't leave the Lot 17 .
visit Maddock Alumni  but do n't leave the List Art Building .
visit Lot 76 but do n't leave the Simmons Quadrangle .
visit Wayland but do n't leave the Marcus Aurelius .
go to Van Wickle Gates while staying on the Quiet Green .
go to Brown Bear while staying on the Van Wickle Gates .
go to Littlefield Hall while staying on the Class of 1887 Gate .
go to Norwood House while staying on the Slater Hall .
go to Minden Hall while staying on the BERT .
go to Wriston Quad while staying on the Norwood House .
go to Van Wickle Gates while staying on the Urban Environmental Lab .
go to Watson Center for Information Technology while staying on the War Memorial .
go to Soldiers Memorial Gate while staying on the Sayles Hall .
avoid the first and 86 Waterman  and go to 86 Waterman  .
avoid the first and Faunce House and go to Faunce House .
avoid the first and Maddock Alumni  and go to Maddock Alumni  .
go to landmark 1 .
stay on the Citizen's Bank and move to Walter Hall .
stay on the John Hay Library and move to Salomon Center for Teaching .
stay on the Prospect House and move to Norwood House .
stay on the Friedman Hall and move to Caswell Hall .
stay on the Barus Building and move to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
stay on the Metcalf Research Building and move to Wriston Quad .
stay on the Hope College and move to Barus Building .
stay on the Lot 17 and move to Brown University .
stay on the Robinson Gate and move to Sharpe Refectory .
stay on the Norwood House and move to Lyman Hall .
stay on the Watson Center for Information Technology and move to Salomon Center for Teaching .
stay on the Marcus Aurelius and move to Robinson Hall .
stay on the Hegeman and move to Simmons Quadrangle .
stay on the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop and move to P-131317 .
stay on the Sears and move to Idee di pietra .
stay on the Caswell Hall and go to Campus Market .
stay on the Lincoln Field Building and go to Minden Hall .
stay on the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology and go to Brown Bear .
stay on the Salomon Center for Teaching and go to Manning .
stay on the Citizen's Bank and go to Friedman Hall .
stay on the Finlandia and go to Brown Center for Students of Color .
stay on the Maddock Alumni  and go to Class of 1887 Gate .
stay on the Prince Engineering Lab and go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
stay on the P-131317 and go to Sears .
got to landmark 1 through the green room .
got to landmark 1 through the green room .
got to landmark 1 through the green room .
avoid the first and Morgan Witter Rogers Gate and go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
avoid the first and Lincoln Field Building and go to Lincoln Field Building .
avoid the first and Wriston Quad and go to Wriston Quad .
stay on the Casey Shearer Memorial while navigating to Brown University .
stay on the Prospect House while navigating to Lot 18 .
stay on the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ while navigating to Class of 1872 Gate .
stay on the Maddock Alumni  while navigating to Slavery Memorial .
stay on the Simmons Quadrangle while navigating to Horace Mann House .
stay on the J.W. Wilson while navigating to Sayles Hall .
stay on the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity while navigating to BERT .
stay on the Littlefield Hall while navigating to Quiet Green .
stay on the Wayland while navigating to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
stay on the Lot 18 while navigating to Arnold Laboratory .
stay on the Arnold Laboratory while navigating to Lot 18 .
stay on the Brown University Sciences Library while navigating to Lyman Hall .
stay on the Idee di pietra while navigating to Wilbour Hall .
go to landmark 1 while avoiding going through any other objects
go to landmark 1 while avoiding going through any other objects
go to Littlefield Hall from the Saint Stephens Church only .
go to P-131317 from the Rhode Island Hall only .
go to The Ivy Room from the Lyman Hall only .
go to Watson Center for Information Technology from the Rhode Island Hall only .
go to William Goddard Memorial Gate from the University Hall only .
go to Class of 1872 Gate from the Casey Shearer Memorial only .
go to BERT from the Hegeman only .
go to John Hay Library from the Horace Mann House only .
go to Saint Stephens Church from the Lyman Hall only .
go to Quiet Green while avoiding the first and Quiet Green .
go to Brown Bear while avoiding the first and Brown Bear .
go to Lot 76 while avoiding the first and Lot 76 .
go to Van Wickle Gates while avoiding the first and Van Wickle Gates .
go to Finlandia but remain on the Friedman Hall .
go to Sears but remain on the Van Wickle Gates .
go to Slater Hall but remain on the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to Robinson Hall but remain on the Quiet Green .
go to John Nicholas Brown Gate but remain on the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to Hegeman but remain on the Hughes Court .
go to Van Wickle Gates but remain on the Slater Hall .
go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall but remain on the Caswell Hall .
go to List Art Building but remain on the Horace Mann House .
go to Brown University Sciences Library but remain on the Rockefeller Library .
go to Maddock Alumni  but remain on the Class of 1887 Gate .
stay on the Circle Dance Sculpture and navigate to John Hay Library .
stay on the Lippit House and navigate to John Nicholas Brown Gate .
stay on the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity and navigate to Class of 1887 Gate .
stay on the Quiet Green and navigate to Horace Mann House .
stay on the Manning and navigate to Gardner House .
stay on the Littlefield Hall and navigate to Maddock Alumni  .
stay on the Wriston Quad and navigate to List Art Building .
stay on the Arnold Laboratory and navigate to Brown Center for Students of Color .
stay on the Carrie Tower and navigate to P-131317 .
stay on the Campus Market and navigate to Brown Bear .
stay on the Mencoff Hall and navigate to Idee di pietra .
stay on the Starbucks and navigate to Barus Building .
stay on the Slavery Memorial and navigate to War Memorial .
stay on the John Carter Brown Library and navigate to Brown Bear .
avoid the first floor and the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate and go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
avoid the first floor and the Wriston Quad and go to Wriston Quad .
avoid the first floor and the Swearer Center for Public Service and go to Swearer Center for Public Service .
avoid the first floor and the Idee di pietra and go to Idee di pietra .
avoid the first floor and the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity and go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
stay on the Friedman Hall and navigate to John Nicholas Brown Gate .
stay on the Circle Dance Sculpture and navigate to Simmons Quadrangle .
stay on the Lot 17 and navigate to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
stay on the Minden Hall and navigate to John Nicholas Brown Gate .
stay on the The Ivy Room and navigate to Swearer Center for Public Service .
stay on the List Art Building and navigate to 86 Waterman  .
stay on the Horace Mann House and navigate to Robinson Hall .
stay on the Hughes Court and navigate to Van Wickle Gates .
stay on the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences and navigate to Medical Research Lab .
stay on the Sharpe Refectory and navigate to Sayles Hall .
stay on the List Art Building and navigate to Carrie Tower .
stay on the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop to get to Hegeman .
stay on the Swearer Center for Public Service to get to Brown Center for Students of Color .
stay on the Swearer Center for Public Service to get to 86 Waterman  .
stay on the Metcalf Research Building to get to Friedman Hall .
stay on the Citizen's Bank to get to Norwood House .
stay on the List Art Building to get to Idee di pietra .
stay on the Lyman Hall to get to Shirley Miller House .
stay on the Brown Bear to get to John Hay Library .
stay on the Brown Center for Students of Color to get to Norwood House .
stay on the Rhode Island Hall to get to Faunce House .
go to John Hay Library only through the Carrie Tower
go to Salomon Center for Teaching only through the Mencoff Hall
go to Van Wickle Gates only through the Wriston Quad
go to University Hall only through the Brown University
go to Rhode Island Hall only through the Class of 1887 Gate
go to Hegeman only through the Shirley Miller House
go to Casey Shearer Memorial only through the John Carter Brown Library
go to BERT only through the Finlandia
go to Idee di pietra only through the Lot 17
go to Casey Shearer Memorial only through the Lippit House
go to Class of 1887 Gate only through the Medical Research Lab
go to John Hay Library only through the Lyman Hall
go to John Hay Library only through the 67 George
go to Salomon Center for Teaching only through the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate
go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate only through the Maddock Alumni 
move to Littlefield Hall without leaving the Rockefeller Library .
move to Idee di pietra without leaving the Brown University Sciences Library .
move to Shirley Miller House without leaving the Slavery Memorial .
move to Manning without leaving the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
move to Van Wickle Gates without leaving the John Carter Brown Library .
move to Barus Building without leaving the Norwood House .
move to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ without leaving the Quiet Green .
move to Brown Bear without leaving the Slater Hall .
move to Wriston Quad without leaving the Hughes Court .
move to Marston Hall without leaving the Sears .
avoid the second and Horace Mann House and go to the Horace Mann House .
avoid the second and Slater Hall and go to the Slater Hall .
avoid the second and Saint Stephens Church and go to the Saint Stephens Church .
avoid the second and BERT and go to the BERT .
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ only through the Lyman Hall
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity only through the Caswell Hall
go to the Starbucks only through the Sayles Hall
go to the Prince Engineering Lab only through the Shirley Miller House
go to the Hegeman only through the Lippit House
go to the Shirley Miller House only through the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate only through the John Carter Brown Library
go to the Minden Hall only through the Kassar House
go to the J.W. Wilson only through the Slater Hall
go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences only through the Sharpe Refectory
go to the Idee di pietra only through the Class of 1887 Gate
go to the Quiet Green only through the 67 George
go to the Slater Hall only through the Untitled Lamp/Bear
go to the Rhode Island Hall only through the 67 George
go to the John Hay Library only through the Blue Room
stay on the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority while going to the Robinson Hall .
stay on the Metcalf Research Building while going to the Urban Environmental Lab .
stay on the Soldiers Memorial Gate while going to the Marcus Aurelius .
stay on the Walter Hall while going to the Rhode Island Hall .
stay on the Horace Mann House while going to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
stay on the J.W. Wilson while going to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
stay on the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop while going to the Blue Room .
stay on the Hegeman while going to the Caswell Hall .
stay on the Littlefield Hall while going to the Class of 1872 Gate .
stay on the Robinson Hall while going to the Lot 17 .
avoid the second and GeoChem and Macmillian Hall and go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
avoid the second and Urban Environmental Lab and go to the Urban Environmental Lab .
avoid the second and Marcus Aurelius and go to the Marcus Aurelius .
avoid the second and Carrie Tower and go to the Carrie Tower .
proceed to the Medical Research Lab but do n't leave the Metcalf Research Building .
proceed to the Sharpe Refectory but do n't leave the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
proceed to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology but do n't leave the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
proceed to the Hegeman but do n't leave the Medical Research Lab .
proceed to the Arnold Laboratory but do n't leave the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
proceed to the Class of 1872 Gate but do n't leave the Lot 17 .
proceed to the Swearer Center for Public Service but do n't leave the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
proceed to the Lot 76 but do n't leave the Maxcy Hall .
proceed to the Maxcy Hall but do n't leave the Lyman Hall .
proceed to the Lippit House but do n't leave the Lincoln Field Building .
proceed to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority but do n't leave the P-131317 .
proceed to the Wilbour Hall but do n't leave the Marcus Aurelius .
proceed to the Urban Environmental Lab but do n't leave the Sharpe Refectory .
proceed to the Sayles Hall but do n't leave the Lippit House .
proceed to the Horace Mann House but do n't leave the Robinson Gate .
go to the Kassar House from the Van Wickle Gates
go to the Faunce House from the Finlandia
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority from the Carrie Tower
go to the Van Wickle Gates from the Wayland
go to the Saint Stephens Church from the Caswell Hall
go to the Casey Shearer Memorial from the Lincoln Field Building
go to the Rockefeller Library from the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate
go to the Marston Hall from the Idee di pietra
go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology from the Urban Environmental Lab
go to the Marcus Aurelius from the Gardner House
go to the BERT from the Norwood House
do not navigate away from the Urban Environmental Lab and go to the Caswell Hall .
do not navigate away from the Marston Hall and go to the Lot 76 .
do not navigate away from the Norwood House and go to the Robinson Gate .
do not navigate away from the Littlefield Hall and go to the Barus Building .
do not navigate away from the Prince Engineering Lab and go to the Hope College .
do not navigate away from the War Memorial and go to the Rockefeller Library .
do not navigate away from the Mencoff Hall and go to the Prospect House .
do not navigate away from the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority and go to the List Art Building .
do not navigate away from the Sayles Hall and go to the Littlefield Hall .
do not navigate away from the Maddock Alumni  and go to the Quiet Green .
do not navigate away from the Maddock Alumni  and go to the Lincoln Field Building .
do not navigate away from the The Ivy Room and go to the Class of 1872 Gate .
do not navigate away from the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate and go to the Wayland .
go to Slater Hall and avoid 2nd and Slater Hall
go to John Hay Library and avoid 2nd and John Hay Library
go to Walter Hall and avoid 2nd and Walter Hall
go to Minden Hall and avoid 2nd and Minden Hall
go to the Idee di pietra without ever leaving the Maxcy Green .
go to the Brown University without ever leaving the Saint Stephens Church .
go to the Littlefield Hall without ever leaving the University Hall .
go to the Wilbour Hall without ever leaving the Citizen's Bank .
go to the Quiet Green without ever leaving the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to the Sayles Hall without ever leaving the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to the Kassar House without ever leaving the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to the Hope College without ever leaving the Gardner House .
go to the Prospect House without ever leaving the College Green .
go to the Swearer Center for Public Service without ever leaving the Hope College .
go to the Hope College without ever leaving the Brown Bear .
go to the John Hay Library without ever leaving the John Carter Brown Library .
go to the Lippit House without ever leaving the Sayles Hall .
stay on the Caswell Hall and go to the Sharpe Refectory .
stay on the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate and go to the BERT .
stay on the Van Wickle Gates and go to the J.W. Wilson .
stay on the Wayland and go to the Norwood House .
stay on the Carrie Tower and go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
stay on the John Hay Library and go to the Wilbour Hall .
stay on the Brown Bear and go to the Simmons Quadrangle .
stay on the Idee di pietra and go to the The Ivy Room .
stay on the Sears and go to the Maxcy Green .
stay on the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ and go to the 67 George .
stay on the Norwood House and go to the Wriston Quad .
stay on the Salomon Center for Teaching and go to the Littlefield Hall .
stay on the Walter Hall and go to the Idee di pietra .
stay on the Caswell Hall and go to the Walter Hall .
stay on the Lot 17 and go to the Carrie Tower .
remain on the Barus Building and go directly to the Simmons Quadrangle .
remain on the Campus Market and go directly to the Norwood House .
remain on the Slavery Memorial and go directly to the J.W. Wilson .
remain on the Lippit House and go directly to the Sayles Hall .
remain on the Casey Shearer Memorial and go directly to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
remain on the Soldiers Memorial Gate and go directly to the Hope College .
remain on the War Memorial and go directly to the Sears .
remain on the Lyman Hall and go directly to the Lot 18 .
remain on the Rhode Island Hall and go directly to the Class of 1887 Gate .
remain on the Gardner House and go directly to the Campus Market .
remain on the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology and go directly to the Hughes Court .
remain on the Faunce House and go directly to the Van Wickle Gates .
remain on the Maxcy Green and go directly to the Manning .
move to the Quiet Green without leaving the Marcus Aurelius .
move to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences without leaving the The Ivy Room .
move to the Horace Mann House without leaving the Mencoff Hall .
move to the Sayles Hall without leaving the Brown University .
move to the Lot 18 without leaving the Robinson Hall .
move to the Maddock Alumni  without leaving the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
move to the Norwood House without leaving the Wayland .
move to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences without leaving the Lot 76 .
move to the Friedman Hall without leaving the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
move to the Mencoff Hall without leaving the Medical Research Lab .
move to the Circle Dance Sculpture without leaving the Littlefield Hall .
move to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity without leaving the Brown University .
move to the Quiet Green without leaving the Brown Center for Students of Color .
move to the Maddock Alumni  without leaving the Blue Room .
remain on the Kassar House and navigate to the Wriston Quad .
remain on the Swearer Center for Public Service and navigate to the College Green .
remain on the Friedman Hall and navigate to the Sharpe Refectory .
remain on the Rockefeller Library and navigate to the Blue Room .
remain on the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate and navigate to the Lot 17 .
remain on the 86 Waterman  and navigate to the Rhode Island Hall .
remain on the Watson Center for Information Technology and navigate to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
remain on the Rockefeller Library and navigate to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
remain on the Sears and navigate to the 86 Waterman  .
remain on the Lot 17 and navigate to the Brown University .
remain on the Rockefeller Library and navigate to the Robinson Hall .
remain on the Lot 17 and navigate to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to the The Ivy Room while staying on the Hughes Court .
go to the Marcus Aurelius while staying on the Littlefield Hall .
go to the Walter Hall while staying on the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Starbucks while staying on the Arnold Laboratory .
go to the 67 George while staying on the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to the Barus Building while staying on the Simmons Quadrangle .
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop while staying on the Hughes Court .
go to the Hughes Court while staying on the BERT .
go to the Gardner House while staying on the Starbucks .
go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate while staying on the Barus Building .
go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology while staying on the Sayles Hall .
go to the Wriston Quad while staying on the John Carter Brown Library .
go to the Arnold Laboratory while staying on the Campus Market .
go to the Saint Stephens Church while staying on the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to the red room without going to another floor .
go to the red room without going to another floor .
go to the red room without going to another floor .
go directly to red room
go directly to red room
navigate to the Sharpe Refectory staying on the Simmons Quadrangle .
navigate to the Wriston Quad staying on the Quiet Green .
navigate to the College Green staying on the Maddock Alumni  .
navigate to the Brown Center for Students of Color staying on the Brown Bear .
navigate to the 67 George staying on the Faunce House .
navigate to the Maddock Alumni  staying on the Watson Center for Information Technology .
navigate to the Starbucks staying on the 67 George .
navigate to the John Carter Brown Library staying on the Prospect House .
navigate to the Lot 18 staying on the Maxcy Green .
navigate to the Prospect House staying on the Lippit House .
go to the red room
go to the Finlandia .
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to the Lot 17 .
go to the Metcalf Research Building .
go to the Brown University .
go to the Maddock Alumni  .
go to the Friedman Hall .
go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to the College Green .
go to the Simmons Quadrangle .
go to the Friedman Hall .
go to the Blue Room .
go to the Maddock Alumni  .
go to the Class of 1872 Gate .
go to the Kassar House .
go to the Barus Building .
go to the List Art Building .
go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to the Prospect House .
go to the Marcus Aurelius .
go to the J.W. Wilson .
go to the Wriston Quad .
go to the Slater Hall .
go to the Saint Stephens Church .
go to the Shirley Miller House .
go to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
head to the Saint Stephens Church .
head to the Hegeman .
head to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
head to the Minden Hall .
head to the Littlefield Hall .
head to the Citizen's Bank .
head to the Wayland .
head to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
head to the John Carter Brown Library .
head to the Metcalf Research Building .
head to the Sharpe Refectory .
navigate to the Lot 18 .
navigate to the P-131317 .
navigate to the 67 George .
navigate to the Lot 76 .
navigate to the Brown Bear .
navigate to the Friedman Hall .
navigate to the Sayles Hall .
navigate to the Wriston Quad .
navigate to the Robinson Hall .
navigate to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
navigate to the Quiet Green .
navigate to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
move to the Lippit House .
move to the Simmons Quadrangle .
move to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
move to the Van Wickle Gates .
move to the Walter Hall .
move to the John Hay Library .
move to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
move to the Class of 1872 Gate .
move to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
move to the BERT .
move to the Robinson Hall .
move to the P-131317 .
move to the John Carter Brown Library .
move to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
move to the Marcus Aurelius .
navigate to the Prince Engineering Lab .
navigate to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
navigate to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
navigate to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
navigate to the Urban Environmental Lab .
navigate to the John Hay Library .
navigate to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
navigate to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
navigate to the Quiet Green .
navigate to the Sharpe Refectory .
navigate to the Slater Hall .
navigate to the Lot 18 .
navigate to the Marston Hall .
navigate to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
navigate to the Norwood House .
navigate to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
navigate to the Finlandia .
navigate to the Arnold Laboratory .
navigate to the Citizen's Bank .
navigate to the Brown Bear .
navigate to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
navigate to the Medical Research Lab .
navigate to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
navigate to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
navigate to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
navigate to the Lippit House .
navigate to the Lot 76 .
go to the Prince Engineering Lab .
go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to the Slavery Memorial .
go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to the Maxcy Hall .
go to the Prospect House .
go to the The Ivy Room .
go to the Brown University Sciences Library .
move to the The Ivy Room .
move to the J.W. Wilson .
move to the Hegeman .
move to the Shirley Miller House .
move to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
move to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
move to the BERT .
move to the Sears .
move to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
move to the Mencoff Hall .
move to the 67 George .
move to the Slater Hall .
move to the Kassar House .
move to the Slater Hall .
navigate to the Wayland .
navigate to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
navigate to the BERT .
navigate to the Manning .
navigate to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
navigate to the Manning .
navigate to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
navigate to the Wilbour Hall .
navigate to the Finlandia .
navigate to the Arnold Laboratory .
proceed to the Carrie Tower .
proceed to the War Memorial .
proceed to the Lincoln Field Building .
proceed to the Class of 1887 Gate .
proceed to the Lippit House .
proceed to the Medical Research Lab .
proceed to the Metcalf Research Building .
proceed to the Manning .
proceed to the John Carter Brown Library .
go to the Maxcy Green .
go to the Faunce House .
go to the BERT .
go to the Robinson Gate .
go to the Lot 17 .
go to the Citizen's Bank .
go to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to the P-131317 .
go to the Lincoln Field Building .
go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to the Class of 1887 Gate .
go to the Lot 18 .
go to the Lot 76 .
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to the Lippit House .
go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate
go to the John Hay Library
go to the University Hall
go to the Maxcy Hall
go to the Hegeman
go to the John Hay Library
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color
go to the Lot 17
go to the John Hay Library
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority
go to the Brown University
go to the Walter Hall .
go to the Brown Bear .
go to the The Ivy Room .
go to the BERT .
go to the Brown University .
go to the Norwood House .
go to the John Hay Library .
go to the Arnold Laboratory .
go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
navigate to the Lincoln Field Building .
navigate to the Lot 17 .
navigate to the Kassar House .
navigate to the Friedman Hall .
navigate to the Marcus Aurelius .
navigate to the John Carter Brown Library .
navigate to the Citizen's Bank .
navigate to the Idee di pietra .
navigate to the Lot 17 .
navigate to the Rhode Island Hall .
navigate to the Maxcy Green .
go to the College Green .
go to the Walter Hall .
go to the Saint Stephens Church .
go to the Rhode Island Hall .
go to the Prospect House .
go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to the Shirley Miller House .
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to the Lot 76 .
go to the Maxcy Hall .
go to the Lot 17 .
go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to the Maddock Alumni  .
go to Lippit House then go to Lippit House .
go to Wriston Quad then go to Wriston Quad .
go to Mencoff Hall then go to Mencoff Hall .
go to the Shirley Miller House .
go to the Gardner House .
go to the Rhode Island Hall .
go to the Caswell Hall .
go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to the The Ivy Room .
go to the Kassar House .
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to the Campus Market .
go to the Brown University Sciences Library
go to the 67 George
go to the Robinson Gate
go to the Barus Building
go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate
go to the Wilbour Hall
go to the Rhode Island Hall
go to the Caswell Hall
go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate
go to the Campus Market .
go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to the The Ivy Room .
go to the War Memorial .
go to the Manning .
go to the John Hay Library .
go to the Wayland .
go to the University Hall .
go to the Robinson Gate .
go to the J.W. Wilson .
go to the Friedman Hall
go to the Friedman Hall
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity
go to the Class of 1887 Gate
go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology
go to the Medical Research Lab
go to the Littlefield Hall
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall
go to the Rockefeller Library
go to the Urban Environmental Lab
go to the Friedman Hall .
go to the Wriston Quad .
go to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to the Medical Research Lab .
go to the Idee di pietra .
go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to the The Ivy Room .
go to the College Green .
go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to the List Art Building .
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to the Marston Hall .
go to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to the Sears .
go to the Sharpe Refectory .
go to the BERT .
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to the University Hall .
go to the Walter Hall .
go to the Minden Hall .
go to the Caswell Hall .
go to the Maxcy Hall .
go to the Shirley Miller House .
go to the Saint Stephens Church .
move to the Lot 17 .
move to the John Hay Library .
move to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
move to the Blue Room .
move to the Gardner House .
move to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
move to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
move to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
move to the Walter Hall .
move to the Wilbour Hall .
go to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to the Brown Bear .
go to the Horace Mann House .
go to the Hope College .
go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to the Rockefeller Library .
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to the Marcus Aurelius .
navigate to the Quiet Green .
navigate to the Maxcy Hall .
navigate to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
navigate to the Friedman Hall .
navigate to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
navigate to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
navigate to the Class of 1887 Gate .
navigate to the Shirley Miller House .
navigate to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to the Caswell Hall .
go to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to the Robinson Gate .
go to the Maddock Alumni  .
go to the Prospect House .
go to the Rockefeller Library .
navigate to the Starbucks .
navigate to the Simmons Quadrangle .
navigate to the Arnold Laboratory .
navigate to the List Art Building .
navigate to the Quiet Green .
navigate to the Quiet Green .
navigate to the Prospect House .
navigate to the Lyman Hall .
navigate to the Prospect House .
navigate to the Sears .
navigate to the Lot 17 .
robot , go to the Prince Engineering Lab .
robot , go to the BERT .
robot , go to the Lot 17 .
robot , go to the Citizen's Bank .
robot , go to the Hegeman .
robot , go to the Wriston Quad .
robot , go to the 86 Waterman  .
robot , go to the Wilbour Hall .
robot , go to the Robinson Hall .
go to Hope College and avoid the Sears .
go to J.W. Wilson and avoid the Class of 1887 Gate .
go to Maxcy Hall and avoid the Lincoln Field Building .
go to Brown Center for Students of Color and avoid the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to J.W. Wilson and avoid the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to University Hall and avoid the Hope College .
go to P-131317 and avoid the Campus Market .
go to Manning and avoid the Sears .
go to Simmons Quadrangle and avoid the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
avoiding the John Nicholas Brown Gate , go to Sharpe Refectory .
avoiding the 86 Waterman  , go to John Carter Brown Library .
avoiding the Idee di pietra , go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
avoiding the Van Wickle Gates , go to Marston Hall .
avoiding the Quiet Green , go to Campus Market .
avoiding the Salomon Center for Teaching , go to Friedman Hall .
avoiding the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity , go to Walter Hall .
avoiding the War Memorial , go to Wayland .
avoiding the Lot 18 , go to Prince Engineering Lab .
avoid the Brown Bear and go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
avoid the Blue Room and go to Van Wickle Gates .
avoid the List Art Building and go to Lot 18 .
avoid the Casey Shearer Memorial and go to Barus Building .
avoid the Prince Engineering Lab and go to Maddock Alumni  .
avoid the Sayles Hall and go to Friedman Hall .
avoid the The Ivy Room and go to John Hay Library .
avoid the Salomon Center for Teaching and go to Prince Engineering Lab .
avoid the Robinson Hall and go to Hope College .
avoid the Hughes Court and go to Simmons Quadrangle
avoid the Carrie Tower and go to Wilbour Hall
avoid the Friedman Hall and go to University Hall
avoid the Prince Engineering Lab and go to Sayles Hall
avoid the Campus Market and go to Quiet Green
avoid the Hughes Court and go to War Memorial
avoid the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity and go to J.W. Wilson
avoid the Prospect House and go to Soldiers Memorial Gate
avoid the War Memorial and go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology
avoid the Brown Bear and go to Lot 76
avoid the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate and go to Lincoln Field Building
avoid the Manning and go to Marcus Aurelius
avoid the Hope College and go to Casey Shearer Memorial
avoid the Lincoln Field Building and go to Maxcy Green
avoid the Lippit House and go to Hope College
avoid the 86 Waterman  on the way to Littlefield Hall .
avoid the Van Wickle Gates on the way to John Hay Library .
avoid the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority on the way to Metcalf Research Building .
avoid the Sayles Hall on the way to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
avoid the Circle Dance Sculpture on the way to Wayland .
avoid the Lippit House on the way to List Art Building .
avoid the Saint Stephens Church on the way to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
avoid the Brown University on the way to Hughes Court .
avoid the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity on the way to J.W. Wilson .
go to Manning whilst avoiding the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to Wayland whilst avoiding the Maddock Alumni  .
go to William Goddard Memorial Gate whilst avoiding the Manning .
go to Marston Hall whilst avoiding the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to 67 George whilst avoiding the Urban Environmental Lab .
go to Maxcy Green whilst avoiding the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to Class of 1887 Gate whilst avoiding the Van Wickle Gates .
go to Marcus Aurelius whilst avoiding the Arnold Laboratory .
go to Gardner House whilst avoiding the Walter Hall .
go to 86 Waterman  whilst avoiding the Friedman Hall .
go to Brown Bear whilst avoiding the Quiet Green .
go to Faunce House whilst avoiding the Saint Stephens Church .
go to John Hay Library whilst avoiding the Slavery Memorial .
go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ whilst avoiding the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
always avoid the Robinson Hall to navigate to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
always avoid the Finlandia to navigate to Sears .
always avoid the Maxcy Hall to navigate to Saint Stephens Church .
always avoid the Class of 1872 Gate to navigate to P-131317 .
always avoid the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ to navigate to Metcalf Research Building .
always avoid the Friedman Hall to navigate to List Art Building .
always avoid the Citizen's Bank to navigate to Marston Hall .
always avoid the Lot 17 to navigate to Urban Environmental Lab .
always avoid the Sayles Hall to navigate to Hope College .
always avoid the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology to navigate to Brown Center for Students of Color .
always avoid the Swearer Center for Public Service to navigate to Hope College .
always avoid the Class of 1872 Gate to navigate to Robinson Hall .
always avoid the Brown University to navigate to Salomon Center for Teaching .
always avoid the William Goddard Memorial Gate to navigate to J.W. Wilson .
avoid the 67 George and go to Sears .
avoid the List Art Building and go to Casey Shearer Memorial .
avoid the Faunce House and go to Robinson Gate .
avoid the BERT and go to Class of 1887 Gate .
avoid the Blue Room and go to Untitled Lamp/Bear .
avoid the Maxcy Hall and go to Lincoln Field Building .
avoid the Lot 18 and go to Prince Engineering Lab .
avoid the Littlefield Hall and go to Lot 18 .
avoid the Campus Market and go to Van Wickle Gates .
avoid the Van Wickle Gates and go to Saint Stephens Church .
avoid the Wilbour Hall and go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
avoid the Wriston Quad and go to Citizen's Bank .
proceed to BERT without going through the Lyman Hall .
proceed to Sharpe Refectory without going through the Manning .
proceed to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority without going through the Marcus Aurelius .
proceed to Brown Bear without going through the Wriston Quad .
proceed to Robinson Hall without going through the Simmons Quadrangle .
proceed to Swearer Center for Public Service without going through the Wayland .
proceed to 86 Waterman  without going through the The Ivy Room .
proceed to Hegeman without going through the Robinson Hall .
proceed to Slater Hall without going through the J.W. Wilson .
proceed to Robinson Gate without going through the Gardner House .
proceed to War Memorial without going through the Salomon Center for Teaching .
proceed to William Goddard Memorial Gate without going through the Maddock Alumni  .
proceed to Brown Bear without going through the Hughes Court .
proceed to Saint Stephens Church without going through the Quiet Green .
always avoid the University Hall while navigating to Watson Center for Information Technology .
always avoid the Robinson Hall while navigating to Soldiers Memorial Gate .
always avoid the Sears while navigating to Lippit House .
always avoid the Campus Market while navigating to Blue Room .
always avoid the Horace Mann House while navigating to Untitled Lamp/Bear .
always avoid the William Goddard Memorial Gate while navigating to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
always avoid the Prospect House while navigating to Urban Environmental Lab .
always avoid the Blue Room while navigating to Lot 76 .
always avoid the Faunce House while navigating to Blue Room .
always avoid the Blue Room while navigating to 86 Waterman  .
always avoid the William Goddard Memorial Gate while navigating to Idee di pietra .
always avoid the Wayland while navigating to Hegeman .
go to Sayles Hall while avoiding the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to Brown Center for Students of Color while avoiding the Lot 18 .
go to BERT while avoiding the Faunce House .
go to Blue Room while avoiding the Starbucks .
go to Citizen's Bank while avoiding the Campus Market .
go to Brown University while avoiding the Lot 76 .
go to Shirley Miller House while avoiding the Urban Environmental Lab .
go to Lot 76 while avoiding the Rhode Island Hall .
go to Caswell Hall while avoiding the Lyman Hall .
go to Lot 17 while avoiding the Wayland .
go to Circle Dance Sculpture while avoiding the Slavery Memorial .
go to John Hay Library while avoiding the Norwood House .
go to William Goddard Memorial Gate while avoiding the Wayland .
go to Lot 17 while avoiding the Caswell Hall .
advance to Lincoln Field Building but always avoid the Urban Environmental Lab .
advance to Casey Shearer Memorial but always avoid the Finlandia .
advance to Finlandia but always avoid the Maddock Alumni  .
advance to Soldiers Memorial Gate but always avoid the BERT .
advance to Starbucks but always avoid the Marston Hall .
advance to Norwood House but always avoid the Sharpe Refectory .
advance to Manning but always avoid the Carrie Tower .
advance to Sharpe Refectory but always avoid the Sears .
advance to Marston Hall but always avoid the Lot 18 .
advance to Prospect House but always avoid the Maxcy Green .
advance to Walter Hall but always avoid the Slater Hall .
advance to Lot 17 but always avoid the John Carter Brown Library .
avoid the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority until you reach Lot 76 .
avoid the Carrie Tower until you reach Brown Bear .
avoid the Marston Hall until you reach Salomon Center for Teaching .
avoid the Brown University Sciences Library until you reach Brown Bear .
avoid the John Hay Library until you reach Slater Hall .
avoid the Rhode Island Hall until you reach Caswell Hall .
avoid the Robinson Gate until you reach Faunce House .
avoid the Wilbour Hall until you reach Caswell Hall .
avoid the Caswell Hall until you reach Sayles Hall .
avoid the P-131317 until you reach Lot 18 .
avoid the Maxcy Green until you reach John Nicholas Brown Gate .
avoid the Wriston Quad until you reach Van Wickle Gates .
avoid the BERT until you reach Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to Class of 1887 Gate and avoid the Minden Hall .
go to Maddock Alumni  and avoid the Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to Citizen's Bank and avoid the Van Wickle Gates .
go to Caswell Hall and avoid the Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to Circle Dance Sculpture and avoid the Kassar House .
go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences and avoid the Prospect House .
go to Maxcy Hall and avoid the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to Medical Research Lab and avoid the Kassar House .
go to Maxcy Green and avoid the Finlandia .
go to Gardner House and avoid the Saint Stephens Church .
always avoid the Salomon Center for Teaching and go to Lincoln Field Building .
always avoid the List Art Building and go to Wilbour Hall .
always avoid the Hegeman and go to Marston Hall .
always avoid the J.W. Wilson and go to Lot 17 .
always avoid the Brown University Sciences Library and go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
always avoid the Blue Room and go to William Goddard Memorial Gate .
always avoid the John Carter Brown Library and go to Gardner House .
always avoid the Hope College and go to Soldiers Memorial Gate .
always avoid the Lyman Hall and go to Minden Hall .
always avoid the 67 George and go to Shirley Miller House .
always avoid the Carrie Tower and go to P-131317 .
while avoiding the Slavery Memorial , navigate to Lot 18 .
while avoiding the Lot 17 , navigate to College Green .
while avoiding the Brown University , navigate to Brown Bear .
while avoiding the Lincoln Field Building , navigate to John Hay Library .
while avoiding the Kassar House , navigate to Shirley Miller House .
while avoiding the Walter Hall , navigate to Wriston Quad .
while avoiding the Lippit House , navigate to Carrie Tower .
while avoiding the J.W. Wilson , navigate to Manning .
while avoiding the Wilbour Hall , navigate to Wayland .
while avoiding the Manning , navigate to Hughes Court .
while avoiding the BERT , navigate to Marcus Aurelius .
while avoiding the John Hay Library , navigate to Blue Room .
while avoiding the Lot 18 , navigate to Maddock Alumni  .
avoid the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate and go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
avoid the Simmons Quadrangle and go to Mencoff Hall .
avoid the List Art Building and go to Simmons Quadrangle .
avoid the Brown University Sciences Library and go to Maxcy Hall .
avoid the Walter Hall and go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
avoid the Watson Center for Information Technology and go to Swearer Center for Public Service .
avoid the Brown University and go to Wayland .
avoid the Arnold Laboratory and go to Sayles Hall .
avoid the Lincoln Field Building and go to Brown Center for Students of Color .
avoid the Finlandia and go to Marcus Aurelius .
avoid the John Hay Library and go to Class of 1887 Gate .
avoid the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall and go to Van Wickle Gates .
avoid the Van Wickle Gates and go to Idee di pietra .
avoid the Circle Dance Sculpture and go to Hegeman .
go to Marston Hall while always avoiding the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority
go to Urban Environmental Lab while always avoiding the Shirley Miller House
go to Slater Hall while always avoiding the College Green
go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop while always avoiding the P-131317
go to Hope College while always avoiding the Slavery Memorial
go to J.W. Wilson while always avoiding the John Hay Library
go to Hope College while always avoiding the Blue Room
go to Brown University Sciences Library while always avoiding the Norwood House
go to The Ivy Room while always avoiding the J.W. Wilson
go to 86 Waterman  while always avoiding the Casey Shearer Memorial
go to BERT while always avoiding the Van Wickle Gates
go to Maddock Alumni  while always avoiding the Citizen's Bank
go to Friedman Hall while always avoiding the Slavery Memorial
go to Sharpe Refectory while always avoiding the Starbucks
go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ while always avoiding the Lippit House
go to Rhode Island Hall always avoiding the Van Wickle Gates .
go to BERT always avoiding the John Hay Library .
go to War Memorial always avoiding the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to Soldiers Memorial Gate always avoiding the Class of 1887 Gate .
go to University Hall always avoiding the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to Brown University always avoiding the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to Manning always avoiding the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to Lincoln Field Building always avoiding the Class of 1887 Gate .
go to Arnold Laboratory always avoiding the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to John Hay Library always avoiding the Medical Research Lab .
while always avoiding the Sears , go to Wilbour Hall .
while always avoiding the Lincoln Field Building , go to John Hay Library .
while always avoiding the Brown University , go to Littlefield Hall .
while always avoiding the Watson Center for Information Technology , go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
while always avoiding the Wriston Quad , go to College Green .
while always avoiding the John Hay Library , go to Untitled Lamp/Bear .
while always avoiding the Watson Center for Information Technology , go to Slavery Memorial .
while always avoiding the Rockefeller Library , go to John Nicholas Brown Gate .
while always avoiding the 86 Waterman  , go to The Ivy Room .
while always avoiding the Caswell Hall , go to Lot 17 .
avoid the 67 George and go to Sayles Hall .
avoid the Citizen's Bank and go to Kassar House .
avoid the Lippit House and go to Lot 18 .
avoid the Watson Center for Information Technology and go to War Memorial .
avoid the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority and go to Lot 18 .
avoid the Class of 1887 Gate and go to Brown University Sciences Library .
avoid the Starbucks and go to Class of 1887 Gate .
avoid the Van Wickle Gates and go to John Nicholas Brown Gate .
avoid the Campus Market and go to Marcus Aurelius .
avoid the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall and go to Lyman Hall .
avoid the Norwood House and go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
avoid the Friedman Hall and go to Kassar House .
avoid the Van Wickle Gates and go to Slavery Memorial .
avoid the P-131317 and go to Van Wickle Gates .
go to J.W. Wilson and always avoid the Blue Room
go to Lippit House and always avoid the Slavery Memorial
go to Soldiers Memorial Gate and always avoid the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences
go to Prince Engineering Lab and always avoid the William Goddard Memorial Gate
go to Faunce House and always avoid the Brown Bear
go to Citizen's Bank and always avoid the Saint Stephens Church
go to P-131317 and always avoid the Horace Mann House
go to Robinson Gate and always avoid the William Goddard Memorial Gate
go to Mencoff Hall and always avoid the Class of 1872 Gate
go to Brown Bear and always avoid the Untitled Lamp/Bear
go to William Goddard Memorial Gate and always avoid the Wilbour Hall
go to Circle Dance Sculpture and always avoid the Salomon Center for Teaching
go to Robinson Gate and always avoid the Saint Stephens Church
go to Gardner House and always avoid the Maddock Alumni 
go to John Hay Library without entering the Minden Hall .
go to Medical Research Lab without entering the Maxcy Green .
go to Metcalf Research Building without entering the Hegeman .
go to Hughes Court without entering the Brown University Sciences Library .
go to Circle Dance Sculpture without entering the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate without entering the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to University Hall without entering the Van Wickle Gates .
go to Wriston Quad without entering the Sayles Hall .
go to BERT without entering the Sayles Hall .
go to Shirley Miller House without entering the Metcalf Research Building .
go to Horace Mann House without going in the Manning
go to Norwood House without going in the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ
go to Campus Market without going in the Norwood House
go to Mencoff Hall without going in the Casey Shearer Memorial
go to P-131317 without going in the Sharpe Refectory
go to Lincoln Field Building without going in the Hughes Court
go to Faunce House without going in the Marcus Aurelius
go to Rockefeller Library without going in the Swearer Center for Public Service
go to List Art Building without going in the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology
stay away from the Van Wickle Gates and go to Urban Environmental Lab .
stay away from the P-131317 and go to Sayles Hall .
stay away from the List Art Building and go to Horace Mann House .
stay away from the Wayland and go to Faunce House .
stay away from the Sayles Hall and go to Quiet Green .
stay away from the Barus Building and go to Robinson Hall .
stay away from the Watson Center for Information Technology and go to Maddock Alumni  .
stay away from the Lot 18 and go to Lot 76 .
stay away from the P-131317 and go to Lyman Hall .
stay away from the Barus Building and go to Shirley Miller House .
stay away from the Maxcy Green and go to Minden Hall .
stay away from the Faunce House and go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
avoid the Shirley Miller House and go to John Nicholas Brown Gate .
avoid the Mencoff Hall and go to Minden Hall .
avoid the P-131317 and go to Rockefeller Library .
avoid the Lot 18 and go to Sayles Hall .
avoid the Untitled Lamp/Bear and go to Brown University Sciences Library .
avoid the Hughes Court and go to Circle Dance Sculpture .
avoid the Horace Mann House and go to Robinson Hall .
avoid the Brown University Sciences Library and go to Campus Market .
avoid the Slavery Memorial and go to Van Wickle Gates .
avoid the Maxcy Hall and go to Citizen's Bank .
avoid the Barus Building and go to 86 Waterman  .
go to Lot 17 while always avoiding the List Art Building .
go to Metcalf Research Building while always avoiding the P-131317 .
go to Robinson Hall while always avoiding the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to Class of 1872 Gate while always avoiding the BERT .
go to Untitled Lamp/Bear while always avoiding the Mencoff Hall .
go to Gardner House while always avoiding the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority while always avoiding the Sears .
go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate while always avoiding the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to Marston Hall while always avoiding the War Memorial .
go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority while always avoiding the Maxcy Green .
go to Saint Stephens Church while always avoiding the Brown Center for Students of Color .
without stepping in the Simmons Quadrangle , go to Campus Market .
without stepping in the Lot 17 , go to Starbucks .
without stepping in the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ , go to Van Wickle Gates .
without stepping in the Norwood House , go to Class of 1872 Gate .
without stepping in the Mencoff Hall , go to Brown University Sciences Library .
without stepping in the Prince Engineering Lab , go to John Nicholas Brown Gate .
without stepping in the Barus Building , go to Salomon Center for Teaching .
without stepping in the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority , go to Carrie Tower .
without stepping in the Quiet Green , go to Class of 1872 Gate .
without stepping in the Hughes Court , go to Minden Hall .
without stepping in the Barus Building , go to Maxcy Hall .
without stepping in the Wilbour Hall , go to Horace Mann House .
without stepping in the College Green , go to Idee di pietra .
without stepping in the Lot 18 , go to War Memorial .
avoid the Van Wickle Gates until you go to Lot 17
avoid the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate until you go to Lot 18
avoid the Slater Hall until you go to Blue Room
avoid the John Nicholas Brown Gate until you go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology
avoid the Watson Center for Information Technology until you go to Littlefield Hall
avoid the Marston Hall until you go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ
avoid the Rockefeller Library until you go to Wayland
avoid the Untitled Lamp/Bear until you go to Watson Center for Information Technology
avoid the John Carter Brown Library until you go to BERT
avoid the Kassar House until you go to Littlefield Hall
avoid the Metcalf Research Building until you go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall
avoid the William Goddard Memorial Gate until you go to Simmons Quadrangle
avoid the Idee di pietra until you go to Lot 18
always avoid the Soldiers Memorial Gate , go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
always avoid the Brown University , go to J.W. Wilson .
always avoid the Simmons Quadrangle , go to Horace Mann House .
always avoid the J.W. Wilson , go to Brown Center for Students of Color .
always avoid the Horace Mann House , go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
always avoid the Carrie Tower , go to John Carter Brown Library .
always avoid the War Memorial , go to Norwood House .
always avoid the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate , go to Rockefeller Library .
always avoid the Casey Shearer Memorial , go to Wayland .
always avoid the Wayland , go to Metcalf Research Building .
always avoid the Carrie Tower , go to Sears .
always avoid the Simmons Quadrangle , go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to the Sayles Hall but avoid the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to the Barus Building but avoid the John Hay Library .
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate but avoid the Brown University Sciences Library .
go to the Van Wickle Gates but avoid the 86 Waterman  .
go to the Citizen's Bank but avoid the Simmons Quadrangle .
go to the Lippit House but avoid the Lot 18 .
go to the Minden Hall but avoid the Carrie Tower .
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ but avoid the Minden Hall .
go to the Slater Hall but avoid the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
navigate to the Class of 1887 Gate always avoiding the 86 Waterman  .
navigate to the Prince Engineering Lab always avoiding the Hegeman .
navigate to the Robinson Hall always avoiding the Lot 18 .
navigate to the Soldiers Memorial Gate always avoiding the John Hay Library .
navigate to the Sayles Hall always avoiding the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
navigate to the Kassar House always avoiding the Maddock Alumni  .
navigate to the Norwood House always avoiding the Friedman Hall .
navigate to the Lincoln Field Building always avoiding the Lyman Hall .
navigate to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop always avoiding the John Hay Library .
navigate to the Hegeman always avoiding the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
avoid the The Ivy Room and go to the Brown Bear .
avoid the Simmons Quadrangle and go to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
avoid the Wilbour Hall and go to the Walter Hall .
avoid the Marston Hall and go to the University Hall .
avoid the Metcalf Research Building and go to the Brown Bear .
avoid the John Nicholas Brown Gate and go to the Citizen's Bank .
avoid the Blue Room and go to the Finlandia .
avoid the Class of 1872 Gate and go to the Simmons Quadrangle .
avoid the College Green and go to the Littlefield Hall .
avoid the Hope College and go to the Urban Environmental Lab .
go to the Gardner House without going to the The Ivy Room .
go to the John Carter Brown Library without going to the Brown Bear .
go to the Circle Dance Sculpture without going to the Hope College .
go to the 86 Waterman  without going to the Robinson Gate .
go to the Horace Mann House without going to the Marston Hall .
go to the Sharpe Refectory without going to the Wriston Quad .
go to the Saint Stephens Church without going to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to the Slater Hall without going to the Marston Hall .
go to the Robinson Gate without going to the Brown Bear .
go to the 67 George without going to the Hope College .
go to the Robinson Gate without going to the Hope College .
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ without going to the Shirley Miller House .
go to the Metcalf Research Building and avoid the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to the Faunce House and avoid the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to the Class of 1887 Gate and avoid the Friedman Hall .
go to the Arnold Laboratory and avoid the Lot 18 .
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall and avoid the Saint Stephens Church .
go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology and avoid the Lot 17 .
go to the Gardner House and avoid the Sears .
go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear and avoid the Faunce House .
go to the Lot 18 and avoid the The Ivy Room .
go to the University Hall and avoid the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to the Brown University Sciences Library and avoid the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to the Arnold Laboratory and avoid the Lot 18 .
go to the Norwood House and avoid the Class of 1887 Gate .
go to the Manning and avoid the Lot 76 .
go to the Simmons Quadrangle while avoiding the Brown Center for Students of Color
go to the Lincoln Field Building while avoiding the Lot 76
go to the Marcus Aurelius while avoiding the Maddock Alumni 
go to the Brown University while avoiding the Brown Bear
go to the Gardner House while avoiding the The Ivy Room
go to the University Hall while avoiding the 86 Waterman 
go to the The Ivy Room while avoiding the Brown University Sciences Library
go to the Manning while avoiding the John Hay Library
go to the Prospect House while avoiding the Shirley Miller House
go to the Slavery Memorial while avoiding the Brown Bear
avoid the Mencoff Hall and go to the Minden Hall .
avoid the Brown Bear and go to the Medical Research Lab .
avoid the John Hay Library and go to the College Green .
avoid the Robinson Hall and go to the Brown University .
avoid the Wriston Quad and go to the Barus Building .
avoid the Brown University and go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
avoid the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences and go to the Prospect House .
avoid the The Ivy Room and go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
avoid the BERT and go to the Mencoff Hall .
avoid the Brown University Sciences Library and go to the Robinson Hall .
avoid the Slater Hall and go to the Robinson Gate .
go up to 2nd floor .
always avoid the Watson Center for Information Technology and navigate to the John Carter Brown Library .
always avoid the Sharpe Refectory and navigate to the Maxcy Hall .
always avoid the University Hall and navigate to the Walter Hall .
always avoid the 86 Waterman  and navigate to the Rockefeller Library .
always avoid the Littlefield Hall and navigate to the Shirley Miller House .
always avoid the Starbucks and navigate to the Carrie Tower .
always avoid the Marston Hall and navigate to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
always avoid the Gardner House and navigate to the Maxcy Green .
always avoid the Robinson Gate and navigate to the Medical Research Lab .
always avoid the Maxcy Green and navigate to the Citizen's Bank .
always avoid the Slavery Memorial and navigate to the Mencoff Hall .
always avoid the John Nicholas Brown Gate and navigate to the Wayland .
always avoid the Lyman Hall and navigate to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
always avoid the J.W. Wilson and navigate to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
avoid the blue room
avoid the blue room
go to the College Green whilst avoiding the Carrie Tower .
go to the Lot 17 whilst avoiding the Robinson Hall .
go to the The Ivy Room whilst avoiding the Saint Stephens Church .
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority whilst avoiding the Class of 1872 Gate .
go to the Maxcy Green whilst avoiding the Slavery Memorial .
go to the Lyman Hall whilst avoiding the Maxcy Green .
go to the Slater Hall whilst avoiding the Hegeman .
go to the Minden Hall whilst avoiding the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate whilst avoiding the Medical Research Lab .
go to the Starbucks whilst avoiding the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
move to the Class of 1872 Gate without entering the Walter Hall .
move to the Marston Hall without entering the J.W. Wilson .
move to the Slater Hall without entering the Rhode Island Hall .
move to the Simmons Quadrangle without entering the Salomon Center for Teaching .
move to the Simmons Quadrangle without entering the Marston Hall .
move to the Urban Environmental Lab without entering the Lippit House .
move to the Faunce House without entering the Blue Room .
move to the Hope College without entering the Walter Hall .
move to the Citizen's Bank without entering the Robinson Gate .
move to the Van Wickle Gates without entering the Brown Center for Students of Color .
move to the Lippit House without entering the Carrie Tower .
move to the Finlandia without entering the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to the Gardner House always avoiding the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop always avoiding the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to the Walter Hall always avoiding the 67 George .
go to the Starbucks always avoiding the Urban Environmental Lab .
go to the Maxcy Hall always avoiding the Faunce House .
go to the Kassar House always avoiding the Mencoff Hall .
go to the 67 George always avoiding the Hope College .
go to the Marcus Aurelius always avoiding the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Saint Stephens Church always avoiding the Brown Bear .
go to the Circle Dance Sculpture but never go to the Littlefield Hall .
go to the Idee di pietra but never go to the Kassar House .
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority but never go to the Citizen's Bank .
go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear but never go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to the J.W. Wilson but never go to the Quiet Green .
go to the Shirley Miller House but never go to the Kassar House .
go to the Sharpe Refectory but never go to the Prospect House .
go to the Slavery Memorial but never go to the Urban Environmental Lab .
go to the Maxcy Hall but never go to the J.W. Wilson .
go to the Lyman Hall but never go to the Walter Hall .
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color but never go to the Prospect House .
go to the Wilbour Hall but never go to the Gardner House .
go to the Citizen's Bank but never go to the Class of 1887 Gate .
avoid the Brown University and go to the Rhode Island Hall .
avoid the John Carter Brown Library and go to the Starbucks .
avoid the Arnold Laboratory and go to the War Memorial .
avoid the Brown University Sciences Library and go to the J.W. Wilson .
avoid the Van Wickle Gates and go to the Shirley Miller House .
avoid the Simmons Quadrangle and go to the Prince Engineering Lab .
avoid the Lot 17 and go to the Rockefeller Library .
avoid the Class of 1887 Gate and go to the Friedman Hall .
avoid the Wriston Quad and go to the Hughes Court .
avoid the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ and go to the Medical Research Lab .
avoid the Van Wickle Gates and go to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
avoid the Robinson Gate and go to the Slavery Memorial .
avoid the Sharpe Refectory and go to the Hughes Court .
avoid the Lot 18 and go to the Robinson Hall .
avoid the College Green and go to the Rockefeller Library .
avoid the Slater Hall and go to the University Hall .
avoid the Brown University Sciences Library and go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
avoid the BERT and go to the Manning .
avoid the College Green and go to the Campus Market .
avoid the Brown University Sciences Library and go to the Blue Room .
avoid the Norwood House and go to the Mencoff Hall .
avoid the Citizen's Bank and go to the Marcus Aurelius .
avoid the Circle Dance Sculpture and go to the Lippit House .
avoid the Faunce House and go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
always avoid the Sharpe Refectory while navigating to the Carrie Tower .
always avoid the John Carter Brown Library while navigating to the J.W. Wilson .
always avoid the Lot 76 while navigating to the Minden Hall .
always avoid the Brown Center for Students of Color while navigating to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
always avoid the Finlandia while navigating to the College Green .
always avoid the Brown University Sciences Library while navigating to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
always avoid the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate while navigating to the Hegeman .
always avoid the Walter Hall while navigating to the Blue Room .
always avoid the Soldiers Memorial Gate while navigating to the Gardner House .
go to the purple room then go to landmark 1
go to the purple room then go to landmark 1
go to the purple room then go to landmark 1
move toward the green room .
move toward the green room .
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority while avoiding the BERT
go to the Lot 18 while avoiding the Brown University
go to the Kassar House while avoiding the Salomon Center for Teaching
go to the Barus Building while avoiding the Carrie Tower
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity while avoiding the Brown Bear
go to the The Ivy Room while avoiding the Walter Hall
go to the The Ivy Room while avoiding the University Hall
go to the Robinson Gate while avoiding the Maxcy Green
go to the Casey Shearer Memorial while avoiding the Lot 76
go to the Shirley Miller House while always avoiding the Manning .
go to the Manning while always avoiding the Metcalf Research Building .
go to the BERT while always avoiding the J.W. Wilson .
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity while always avoiding the Sharpe Refectory .
go to the Rockefeller Library while always avoiding the Wriston Quad .
go to the Carrie Tower while always avoiding the Sears .
go to the Faunce House while always avoiding the Slavery Memorial .
go to the University Hall while always avoiding the Idee di pietra .
go to the Slavery Memorial while always avoiding the Sears .
go to the Maxcy Hall while always avoiding the Simmons Quadrangle .
go to the Simmons Quadrangle while always avoiding the Slater Hall .
go to the Lot 76 while always avoiding the Starbucks .
go to the Brown University while always avoiding the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to the Marston Hall while always avoiding the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to the Saint Stephens Church while avoiding the Prince Engineering Lab .
go to the Lot 18 while avoiding the Maddock Alumni  .
go to the Quiet Green while avoiding the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to the Sears while avoiding the Sharpe Refectory .
go to the J.W. Wilson while avoiding the Metcalf Research Building .
go to the List Art Building while avoiding the John Hay Library .
go to the John Carter Brown Library while avoiding the Arnold Laboratory .
go to the Carrie Tower while avoiding the Campus Market .
go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology while avoiding the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to the Minden Hall while avoiding the Lincoln Field Building .
go to the Rhode Island Hall while avoiding the College Green .
avoid the Minden Hall and go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
avoid the Friedman Hall and go to the University Hall .
avoid the John Carter Brown Library and go to the Brown Bear .
avoid the Horace Mann House and go to the Lyman Hall .
avoid the Mencoff Hall and go to the Barus Building .
avoid the Brown Bear and go to the Carrie Tower .
avoid the War Memorial and go to the Van Wickle Gates .
avoid the Marcus Aurelius and go to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
avoid the Simmons Quadrangle and go to the Lincoln Field Building .
avoid the University Hall and go to the Hegeman .
avoid the Untitled Lamp/Bear and go to the Hope College .
avoid the Quiet Green and go to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate while always avoiding the Brown University
go to the The Ivy Room while always avoiding the Soldiers Memorial Gate
go to the Horace Mann House while always avoiding the Citizen's Bank
go to the Brown Bear while always avoiding the College Green
go to the Littlefield Hall while always avoiding the Maxcy Hall
go to the War Memorial while always avoiding the J.W. Wilson
go to the Horace Mann House while always avoiding the Arnold Laboratory
go to the Slavery Memorial while always avoiding the Lincoln Field Building
go to the Sayles Hall while always avoiding the Metcalf Research Building
go to the Sayles Hall while always avoiding the John Nicholas Brown Gate
go to the Robinson Gate while always avoiding the Faunce House
go to the Manning while always avoiding the 86 Waterman 
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology while always avoiding the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall
go to the Robinson Gate while always avoiding the Slater Hall
go to the Shirley Miller House while always avoiding the Lippit House
avoid the orange room as you go to the purple room .
avoid the orange room as you go to the purple room .
always avoid the Horace Mann House , go to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
always avoid the Idee di pietra , go to the Brown Bear .
always avoid the Wilbour Hall , go to the Lippit House .
always avoid the J.W. Wilson , go to the Slater Hall .
always avoid the Circle Dance Sculpture , go to the Mencoff Hall .
always avoid the J.W. Wilson , go to the Blue Room .
always avoid the Marston Hall , go to the Wilbour Hall .
always avoid the Van Wickle Gates , go to the Friedman Hall .
always avoid the Campus Market , go to the Manning .
always avoid the Walter Hall , go to the Hope College .
always avoid the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop , go to the Hope College .
go to the Class of 1872 Gate but avoid the Citizen's Bank .
go to the Class of 1887 Gate but avoid the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to the Class of 1887 Gate but avoid the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to the Wriston Quad but avoid the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to the Shirley Miller House but avoid the Prospect House .
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority but avoid the Class of 1887 Gate .
go to the Hegeman but avoid the Saint Stephens Church .
go to the Brown Bear but avoid the 86 Waterman  .
go to the Maxcy Hall but avoid the Citizen's Bank .
go to the Minden Hall but avoid the Caswell Hall .
go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences but avoid the The Ivy Room .
go to the Wilbour Hall but avoid the Prince Engineering Lab .
go to the War Memorial but avoid the Faunce House .
approach the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority while avoiding the Arnold Laboratory .
approach the Sears while avoiding the Horace Mann House .
approach the Lot 76 while avoiding the Lincoln Field Building .
approach the Maxcy Hall while avoiding the Lippit House .
approach the Sears while avoiding the Saint Stephens Church .
approach the BERT while avoiding the Brown Bear .
approach the Brown Bear while avoiding the Class of 1872 Gate .
approach the Horace Mann House while avoiding the University Hall .
approach the Untitled Lamp/Bear while avoiding the Lincoln Field Building .
approach the Blue Room while avoiding the Horace Mann House .
approach the Campus Market while avoiding the Lot 17 .
go to the Faunce House without going to the Lincoln Field Building .
go to the War Memorial without going to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to the Swearer Center for Public Service without going to the Campus Market .
go to the Faunce House without going to the Brown Bear .
go to the Quiet Green without going to the Norwood House .
go to the Marcus Aurelius without going to the Friedman Hall .
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching without going to the War Memorial .
go to the Brown University without going to the Minden Hall .
go to the Faunce House without going to the Walter Hall .
go to the Robinson Gate without going to the P-131317 .
go to the Maxcy Hall without going to the Robinson Gate .
go to the Rhode Island Hall without going to the Brown University Sciences Library .
go to the Prince Engineering Lab without going to the Maxcy Hall .
go to the Maddock Alumni  without going to the Medical Research Lab .
go to The Ivy Room without going into the Class of 1872 Gate
go to Lippit House without going into the Marston Hall
go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority without going into the Watson Center for Information Technology
go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop without going into the Wayland
go to University Hall without going into the John Carter Brown Library
go to Rhode Island Hall without going into the Finlandia
go to Van Wickle Gates without going into the 67 George
go to Finlandia without going into the Wriston Quad
go to Quiet Green without going into the Rhode Island Hall
go to Campus Market without going into the Lyman Hall
go to Lot 17 without going into the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop
go to Prospect House without going into the Casey Shearer Memorial
avoid Lot 76 and go to the University Hall .
avoid Brown Center for Students of Color and go to the Arnold Laboratory .
avoid Swearer Center for Public Service and go to the Van Wickle Gates .
avoid Hope College and go to the Simmons Quadrangle .
avoid Hughes Court and go to the List Art Building .
avoid Rockefeller Library and go to the List Art Building .
avoid University Hall and go to the Rhode Island Hall .
avoid The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ and go to the Sharpe Refectory .
avoid Brown Bear and go to the Lot 18 .
avoid Simmons Quadrangle and go to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
avoid Class of 1872 Gate and go to the John Carter Brown Library .
avoid Medical Research Lab and go to the Gardner House .
avoid Soldiers Memorial Gate and go to the Metcalf Research Building .
avoid Urban Environmental Lab and go to the Lyman Hall .
avoid Friedman Hall and go to the Wilbour Hall .
always avoid War Memorial and navigate to the Class of 1872 Gate .
always avoid Urban Environmental Lab and navigate to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
always avoid Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology and navigate to the Kassar House .
always avoid Metcalf Research Building and navigate to the P-131317 .
always avoid War Memorial and navigate to the Lot 76 .
always avoid 86 Waterman  and navigate to the Lot 17 .
always avoid Brown Bear and navigate to the Hope College .
always avoid Wriston Quad and navigate to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
always avoid John Hay Library and navigate to the Blue Room .
always avoid Robinson Hall and navigate to the John Hay Library .
always avoid Alpha Chi Omega Sorority and navigate to the Walter Hall .
always avoid Slater Hall and navigate to the Wayland .
always avoid Starbucks and navigate to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
always avoid Untitled Lamp/Bear and navigate to the Hope College .
navigate to the War Memorial avoiding Faunce House .
navigate to the College Green avoiding Lot 17 .
navigate to the Wriston Quad avoiding Marston Hall .
navigate to the Maxcy Hall avoiding Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
navigate to the John Carter Brown Library avoiding Sharpe Refectory .
navigate to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority avoiding Medical Research Lab .
navigate to the Lippit House avoiding Marcus Aurelius .
navigate to the Medical Research Lab avoiding Robinson Gate .
navigate to the Faunce House avoiding 67 George .
head to the Maxcy Green avoiding Brown Center for Students of Color .
head to the Finlandia avoiding John Carter Brown Library .
head to the Hughes Court avoiding Rockefeller Library .
head to the Minden Hall avoiding Lincoln Field Building .
head to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority avoiding Saint Stephens Church .
head to the Medical Research Lab avoiding GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
head to the Carrie Tower avoiding Urban Environmental Lab .
head to the Prince Engineering Lab avoiding Finlandia .
head to the Wriston Quad avoiding Norwood House .
head to the Brown University Sciences Library avoiding Circle Dance Sculpture .
head to the Lyman Hall avoiding Lot 18 .
head to the Friedman Hall avoiding Brown University .
head to the John Hay Library avoiding Blue Room .
head to the Citizen's Bank avoiding Van Wickle Gates .
head to the P-131317 avoiding Blue Room .
avoid Idee di pietra and go to the Idee di pietra .
avoid Untitled Lamp/Bear and go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
avoid Lippit House and go to the Lippit House .
avoid Norwood House and go to the Norwood House .
avoid Brown Bear and go to the Brown Bear .
go to the Gardner House but avoid Slavery Memorial .
go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear but avoid BERT .
go to the The Ivy Room but avoid Class of 1887 Gate .
go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate but avoid Lincoln Field Building .
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop but avoid 67 George .
go to the Prince Engineering Lab but avoid Hughes Court .
go to the Wriston Quad but avoid The Ivy Room .
go to the Hope College but avoid Prince Engineering Lab .
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color but avoid Sharpe Refectory .
go to the BERT but avoid Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
always avoid Brown Bear and go to the J.W. Wilson .
always avoid The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ and go to the Class of 1887 Gate .
always avoid Norwood House and go to the Lincoln Field Building .
always avoid College Green and go to the Manning .
always avoid Minden Hall and go to the Blue Room .
always avoid Lot 17 and go to the War Memorial .
always avoid P-131317 and go to the Maxcy Green .
always avoid Sayles Hall and go to the Prospect House .
always avoid Medical Research Lab and go to the Lot 76 .
go to the Class of 1872 Gate avoiding Brown University .
go to the Maxcy Hall avoiding Maddock Alumni  .
go to the Simmons Quadrangle avoiding John Carter Brown Library .
go to the Circle Dance Sculpture avoiding Brown Bear .
go to the Prospect House avoiding Simmons Quadrangle .
go to the College Green avoiding Marston Hall .
go to the Hughes Court avoiding Idee di pietra .
go to the Rockefeller Library avoiding Minden Hall .
go to the 67 George avoiding Caswell Hall .
navigate to the Campus Market , avoiding Quiet Green .
navigate to the Watson Center for Information Technology , avoiding Hope College .
navigate to the Walter Hall , avoiding Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
navigate to the Circle Dance Sculpture , avoiding Van Wickle Gates .
navigate to the Lippit House , avoiding The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
navigate to the Hope College , avoiding Watson Center for Information Technology .
navigate to the John Hay Library , avoiding Hope College .
navigate to the Maxcy Hall , avoiding Blue Room .
navigate to the Starbucks , avoiding Brown Bear .
navigate to the Swearer Center for Public Service and avoid Sears .
navigate to the Metcalf Research Building and avoid Salomon Center for Teaching .
navigate to the Sears and avoid The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
navigate to the Simmons Quadrangle and avoid Medical Research Lab .
navigate to the Arnold Laboratory and avoid Campus Market .
navigate to the Rhode Island Hall and avoid Circle Dance Sculpture .
navigate to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences and avoid Brown Bear .
navigate to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority and avoid Prospect House .
navigate to the Rhode Island Hall and avoid College Green .
navigate to the Metcalf Research Building and avoid Faunce House .
navigate to the Maxcy Hall and avoid Hope College .
navigate to the Wayland and avoid Littlefield Hall .
navigate to the Maxcy Hall and avoid University Hall .
go to the Sears while avoiding Starbucks
go to the Lincoln Field Building while avoiding College Green
go to the Lippit House while avoiding The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop while avoiding John Carter Brown Library
go to the Quiet Green while avoiding BERT
go to the University Hall while avoiding Rockefeller Library
go to the Hope College while avoiding Maxcy Green
go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology while avoiding Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences
go to the Urban Environmental Lab while avoiding Lincoln Field Building
go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences while avoiding Starbucks
go to the Swearer Center for Public Service while avoiding J.W. Wilson
go to the Gardner House while avoiding Brown University Sciences Library
navigate to the Sharpe Refectory but do n't ever go to Hope College .
navigate to the Class of 1872 Gate but do n't ever go to Medical Research Lab .
navigate to the Urban Environmental Lab but do n't ever go to J.W. Wilson .
navigate to the Barus Building but do n't ever go to Wilbour Hall .
navigate to the J.W. Wilson but do n't ever go to Hughes Court .
navigate to the Sears but do n't ever go to Marcus Aurelius .
navigate to the Finlandia but do n't ever go to Manning .
navigate to the J.W. Wilson but do n't ever go to Campus Market .
navigate to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology but do n't ever go to Casey Shearer Memorial .
navigate to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology but do n't ever go to Sharpe Refectory .
navigate to the Watson Center for Information Technology but do n't ever go to Carrie Tower .
avoid The Ivy Room and go to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
avoid Robinson Hall and go to the Lyman Hall .
avoid Idee di pietra and go to the Horace Mann House .
avoid Salomon Center for Teaching and go to the Minden Hall .
avoid Mencoff Hall and go to the Simmons Quadrangle .
avoid Urban Environmental Lab and go to the Robinson Gate .
avoid Class of 1887 Gate and go to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
avoid BERT and go to the Carrie Tower .
avoid Marston Hall and go to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
avoid Brown Bear and go to the Wilbour Hall .
avoid Faunce House and go to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
always avoid Brown University and go to the BERT .
always avoid Slater Hall and go to the Mencoff Hall .
always avoid Saint Stephens Church and go to the Shirley Miller House .
always avoid Barus Building and go to the Prince Engineering Lab .
always avoid War Memorial and go to the Robinson Hall .
always avoid Maddock Alumni  and go to the Robinson Hall .
always avoid College Green and go to the Shirley Miller House .
always avoid GeoChem and Macmillian Hall and go to the War Memorial .
always avoid Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology and go to the Gardner House .
go to the Campus Market but do not go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to the Wayland but do not go to BERT .
go to the Walter Hall but do not go to Class of 1887 Gate .
go to the Norwood House but do not go to Blue Room .
go to the Lyman Hall but do not go to Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to the Gardner House but do not go to Maxcy Green .
go to the Medical Research Lab but do not go to Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to the Brown University but do not go to Lincoln Field Building .
go to the Marston Hall but do not go to Minden Hall .
go to the Wriston Quad but do not go to P-131317 .
go to the Slater Hall but do not go to Medical Research Lab .
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority but do not go to John Hay Library .
go to the Gardner House but do not go to Maddock Alumni  .
go to the Wilbour Hall but do not go to Minden Hall .
go to the Prince Engineering Lab avoiding Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Robinson Hall avoiding Mencoff Hall .
go to the John Carter Brown Library avoiding Prospect House .
go to the Simmons Quadrangle avoiding Wriston Quad .
go to the Hegeman avoiding Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to the Metcalf Research Building avoiding Lot 17 .
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop avoiding Arnold Laboratory .
go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences avoiding P-131317 .
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity avoiding Horace Mann House .
go to the Carrie Tower avoiding Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Robinson Hall avoiding Sayles Hall .
go to the Saint Stephens Church avoiding Medical Research Lab .
go to the Casey Shearer Memorial avoiding Urban Environmental Lab .
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology avoiding John Hay Library .
navigate to the Brown Bear while avoiding Norwood House .
navigate to the Carrie Tower while avoiding Marston Hall .
navigate to the Sayles Hall while avoiding Hope College .
navigate to the Gardner House while avoiding Slater Hall .
navigate to the Mencoff Hall while avoiding Brown Bear .
navigate to the Walter Hall while avoiding Faunce House .
navigate to the Simmons Quadrangle while avoiding Untitled Lamp/Bear .
navigate to the University Hall while avoiding Wayland .
navigate to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority while avoiding Minden Hall .
navigate to the Lot 76 while avoiding John Hay Library .
navigate to the Idee di pietra while avoiding Norwood House .
navigate to the University Hall while avoiding Casey Shearer Memorial .
avoid Mencoff Hall and go to the Saint Stephens Church .
avoid Caswell Hall and go to the Lot 18 .
avoid Brown University Sciences Library and go to the Wayland .
avoid Lippit House and go to the Lot 17 .
avoid Lot 18 and go to the Hope College .
avoid Lot 18 and go to the Hughes Court .
avoid Minden Hall and go to the Rhode Island Hall .
avoid Finlandia and go to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
avoid List Art Building and go to the Finlandia .
avoid Wriston Quad and go to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
avoid 67 George and go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
avoid Metcalf Research Building and go to the Horace Mann House .
avoid Metcalf Research Building and go to the Brown Bear .
avoid Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences and go to the Caswell Hall .
avoid Rhode Island Hall and go to the 86 Waterman  .
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate while avoiding Maxcy Green and the Maxcy Green
go to the Friedman Hall while avoiding John Carter Brown Library and the John Carter Brown Library
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall while avoiding Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences and the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate while avoiding Prospect House and the Prospect House
go to the P-131317 while avoiding Wayland and the Wayland
go to the Slavery Memorial while avoiding Lippit House and the Lippit House
go to the Marcus Aurelius while avoiding Casey Shearer Memorial and the Casey Shearer Memorial
go to the Hegeman while avoiding The Ivy Room and the The Ivy Room
go to the Gardner House while avoiding Horace Mann House and the Horace Mann House
go to the Robinson Hall while avoiding Untitled Lamp/Bear and the Untitled Lamp/Bear
go to the John Hay Library while avoiding Hope College and the Hope College
go to the Marston Hall while avoiding Hughes Court and the Hughes Court
go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear while avoiding Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop and the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop
go to the Lot 17 while avoiding Swearer Center for Public Service and the Swearer Center for Public Service
go to the John Hay Library while avoiding Idee di pietra and the Idee di pietra
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology avoiding Urban Environmental Lab .
go to the 86 Waterman  avoiding 67 George .
go to the Rockefeller Library avoiding Walter Hall .
go to the Rhode Island Hall avoiding Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to the Class of 1887 Gate avoiding Metcalf Research Building .
go to the Hope College avoiding Manning .
go to the 86 Waterman  avoiding Walter Hall .
go to the Brown Bear avoiding Rhode Island Hall .
go to the Maxcy Green avoiding Walter Hall .
go to the John Carter Brown Library avoiding Starbucks .
go to the Slater Hall avoiding Blue Room .
go to the Sharpe Refectory avoiding Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to the College Green avoiding Quiet Green .
go to the Hughes Court and avoid William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to the J.W. Wilson and avoid The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to the Swearer Center for Public Service and avoid Barus Building .
go to the Wriston Quad and avoid Prospect House .
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity and avoid Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences and avoid Urban Environmental Lab .
go to the Brown Bear and avoid Idee di pietra .
go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology and avoid Mencoff Hall .
go to the Prince Engineering Lab and avoid Norwood House .
go to the Quiet Green and avoid Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to the Slater Hall while avoiding J.W. Wilson
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color while avoiding Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop
go to the Class of 1887 Gate while avoiding Simmons Quadrangle
go to the Citizen's Bank while avoiding John Carter Brown Library
go to the Van Wickle Gates while avoiding Marston Hall
go to the Marcus Aurelius while avoiding Class of 1872 Gate
go to the Swearer Center for Public Service while avoiding Prospect House
go to the Quiet Green while avoiding Brown Bear
go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority while avoiding William Goddard Memorial Gate
go to the University Hall while avoiding GeoChem and Macmillian Hall
go to the Brown University Sciences Library while avoiding Lot 17
go to the Friedman Hall while avoiding Untitled Lamp/Bear
go to the J.W. Wilson but avoid Lyman Hall .
go to the Brown Bear but avoid Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to the Class of 1887 Gate but avoid Lyman Hall .
go to the Hughes Court but avoid Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to the 67 George but avoid Horace Mann House .
go to the Sayles Hall but avoid Citizen's Bank .
go to the The Ivy Room but avoid Minden Hall .
go to the Van Wickle Gates but avoid Shirley Miller House .
go to the John Hay Library but avoid Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Rhode Island Hall but avoid Lyman Hall .
go to the Lyman Hall but avoid Maxcy Green .
go to the Marston Hall but avoid Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Brown University but avoid Lot 17 .
avoid the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences and go to the P-131317 .
avoid the Lyman Hall and go to the Class of 1887 Gate .
avoid the Lyman Hall and go to the Slater Hall .
avoid the Wayland and go to the Class of 1872 Gate .
avoid the Simmons Quadrangle and go to the Caswell Hall .
avoid the Robinson Gate and go to the Norwood House .
avoid the Faunce House and go to the Arnold Laboratory .
avoid the John Hay Library and go to the War Memorial .
avoid the Brown Bear and go to the Class of 1872 Gate .
go to the Sharpe Refectory while avoiding Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences while avoiding Minden Hall .
go to the Barus Building while avoiding Citizen's Bank .
go to the Casey Shearer Memorial while avoiding Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to the Hughes Court while avoiding Shirley Miller House .
go to the Walter Hall while avoiding Starbucks .
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall while avoiding Shirley Miller House .
go to the Barus Building while avoiding Manning .
go to the Caswell Hall while avoiding Campus Market .
avoid Class of 1887 Gate and go to the University Hall .
avoid Caswell Hall and go to the Robinson Hall .
avoid Lyman Hall and go to the Hope College .
avoid Brown Bear and go to the Sayles Hall .
avoid Kassar House and go to the John Hay Library .
avoid The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ and go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
avoid Metcalf Research Building and go to the Sayles Hall .
avoid Swearer Center for Public Service and go to the Maddock Alumni  .
avoid Slater Hall and go to the Brown Bear .
avoid Wriston Quad and go to the Quiet Green .
avoid List Art Building and go to the Hope College .
avoid Carrie Tower and go to the Arnold Laboratory .
avoid William Goddard Memorial Gate and go to the Marston Hall .
from the Horace Mann House , go to Horace Mann House directly .
from the Rhode Island Hall , go to Rhode Island Hall directly .
from the Salomon Center for Teaching , go to Salomon Center for Teaching directly .
go up to the Manning without going to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go up to the Robinson Gate without going to Minden Hall .
go up to the Manning without going to Brown Center for Students of Color .
go up to the Wayland without going to Faunce House .
go up to the Slavery Memorial without going to Lot 76 .
go up to the Van Wickle Gates without going to Class of 1887 Gate .
go up to the Carrie Tower without going to Rhode Island Hall .
go up to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences without going to Minden Hall .
go up to the Minden Hall without going to Simmons Quadrangle .
go up to the Sharpe Refectory without going to Mencoff Hall .
go up to the Prospect House without going to Brown Bear .
go up to the Brown Bear without going to Kassar House .
go up to the Slavery Memorial without going to Sharpe Refectory .
go up to the John Nicholas Brown Gate without going to Kassar House .
go up to the Brown University without going to Saint Stephens Church .
proceed to the Hughes Court by going through the Brown University Sciences Library .
proceed to the List Art Building by going through the Class of 1887 Gate .
proceed to the Metcalf Research Building by going through the Sayles Hall .
proceed to the Walter Hall by going through the Brown University .
proceed to the Rhode Island Hall by going through the Lot 17 .
proceed to the Marcus Aurelius by going through the Simmons Quadrangle .
proceed to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ by going through the Brown University .
proceed to the Manning by going through the Wayland .
proceed to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority by going through the Wilbour Hall .
proceed to the Campus Market by going through the Idee di pietra .
proceed to the Maddock Alumni  by going through the College Green .
proceed to the Lot 18 by going through the Sears .
go to the Starbucks through the Marston Hall
go to the Van Wickle Gates through the Saint Stephens Church
go to the Lippit House through the Shirley Miller House
go to the War Memorial through the Robinson Hall
go to the Brown Bear through the Prospect House
go to the Prospect House through the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity
go to the Gardner House through the Shirley Miller House
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching through the Class of 1887 Gate
go to the Brown University Sciences Library through the Van Wickle Gates
go to the Lot 76 through the Carrie Tower
go to the Lippit House through the Marston Hall
go to the Minden Hall through the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology
go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate through the Van Wickle Gates
go through the Carrie Tower to the Finlandia .
go through the Swearer Center for Public Service to the John Hay Library .
go through the Caswell Hall to the Finlandia .
go through the Friedman Hall to the John Hay Library .
go through the Maddock Alumni  to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go through the Caswell Hall to the Blue Room .
go through the Urban Environmental Lab to the List Art Building .
go through the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall to the Medical Research Lab .
go through the 86 Waterman  to the Caswell Hall .
go through the Sears to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go through the 86 Waterman  to the Saint Stephens Church .
go through the Medical Research Lab to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go through the Class of 1887 Gate to the Maxcy Green .
go through the University Hall to the BERT .
move to the Urban Environmental Lab and then the Metcalf Research Building .
move to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop and then the College Green .
move to the Robinson Hall and then the Mencoff Hall .
move to the Simmons Quadrangle and then the Marcus Aurelius .
move to the Finlandia and then the Watson Center for Information Technology .
move to the Walter Hall and then the Sayles Hall .
move to the University Hall and then the Marston Hall .
move to the William Goddard Memorial Gate and then the Metcalf Research Building .
move to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences and then the Prospect House .
move to the Prince Engineering Lab and then the Brown University .
move to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology and then the Swearer Center for Public Service .
move to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ and then the Sharpe Refectory .
move to the Untitled Lamp/Bear and then the Minden Hall .
move to the Van Wickle Gates and then the Walter Hall .
move to the Horace Mann House and then the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
navigate to the Carrie Tower through the Lot 76 .
navigate to the Robinson Hall through the Brown Bear .
navigate to the Class of 1887 Gate through the Rockefeller Library .
navigate to the Rockefeller Library through the Metcalf Research Building .
navigate to the Idee di pietra through the College Green .
navigate to the 86 Waterman  through the Caswell Hall .
navigate to the Arnold Laboratory through the Lincoln Field Building .
navigate to the Norwood House through the Friedman Hall .
navigate to the Class of 1872 Gate through the Quiet Green .
navigate to the Sharpe Refectory through the Citizen's Bank .
navigate to the Horace Mann House through the Maxcy Green .
navigate to the Lot 76 through the Sears .
move to the Class of 1872 Gate then continue to the Horace Mann House .
move to the Minden Hall then continue to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
move to the Idee di pietra then continue to the BERT .
move to the Wilbour Hall then continue to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
move to the William Goddard Memorial Gate then continue to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
move to the 86 Waterman  then continue to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
move to the Sharpe Refectory then continue to the Van Wickle Gates .
move to the Class of 1887 Gate then continue to the Medical Research Lab .
move to the Medical Research Lab then continue to the Van Wickle Gates .
move to the Blue Room then continue to the Maddock Alumni  .
move to the Hughes Court then continue to the Shirley Miller House .
move to the List Art Building then continue to the Lincoln Field Building .
move to the Campus Market then continue to the John Hay Library .
move to the Sears then continue to the Kassar House .
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop through the Minden Hall .
go to the Norwood House through the John Hay Library .
go to the Urban Environmental Lab through the Starbucks .
go to the Minden Hall through the Hegeman .
go to the Horace Mann House through the John Hay Library .
go to the Brown University through the Brown University Sciences Library .
go to the Starbucks through the Idee di pietra .
go to the Brown University Sciences Library through the Lot 76 .
go to the Swearer Center for Public Service through the Sears .
go to Caswell Hall and then to Maddock Alumni 
go to Barus Building and then to Watson Center for Information Technology
go to Marston Hall and then to Mencoff Hall
go to William Goddard Memorial Gate and then to Norwood House
go to Brown University Sciences Library and then to Rockefeller Library
go to Maddock Alumni  and then to Sharpe Refectory
go to Barus Building and then to Sharpe Refectory
go to Maddock Alumni  and then to Brown University Sciences Library
go to William Goddard Memorial Gate and then to The Ivy Room
go to Brown University Sciences Library and then to Van Wickle Gates
go to Brown Bear and then to Lot 17
go to Hegeman and then to Swearer Center for Public Service
go to Quiet Green and then to Friedman Hall
go to Hegeman and then to Lippit House
go to the Rockefeller Library , then go to the Mencoff Hall .
go to the Slater Hall , then go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to the Friedman Hall , then go to the Wriston Quad .
go to the Finlandia , then go to the Sayles Hall .
go to the Casey Shearer Memorial , then go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to the J.W. Wilson , then go to the Prospect House .
go to the Lot 18 , then go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to the War Memorial , then go to the Sears .
go to the P-131317 , then go to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate , then go to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to the Class of 1887 Gate , then go to the 86 Waterman  .
go to the Sayles Hall , then go to the The Ivy Room .
go to the Lippit House , then go to the Prince Engineering Lab .
go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences , then go to the Rhode Island Hall .
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color , then go to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
go from the Watson Center for Information Technology to the Mencoff Hall
go from the J.W. Wilson to the 86 Waterman 
go from the Littlefield Hall to the Wilbour Hall
go from the John Hay Library to the Brown University
go from the Shirley Miller House to the Soldiers Memorial Gate
go from the Untitled Lamp/Bear to the War Memorial
go from the BERT to the Hope College
go from the Brown University to the Brown Center for Students of Color
go from the Friedman Hall to the Norwood House
go from the P-131317 to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall
go from the Van Wickle Gates to the Kassar House
go from the Soldiers Memorial Gate to the Class of 1872 Gate
go from the BERT to the College Green
go from the Simmons Quadrangle to the Quiet Green
go to the Hughes Court by touching the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the 86 Waterman  by touching the Hegeman .
go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology by touching the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to the Prince Engineering Lab by touching the Minden Hall .
go to the Brown Bear by touching the Brown Bear .
go to the P-131317 by touching the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to the Hughes Court by touching the Mencoff Hall .
go to the Arnold Laboratory by touching the Prince Engineering Lab .
go to the John Hay Library by touching the Brown Bear .
go to the Horace Mann House through the Minden Hall .
go to the John Carter Brown Library through the The Ivy Room .
go to the Lippit House through the Campus Market .
go to the Shirley Miller House through the Urban Environmental Lab .
go to the P-131317 through the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to the Shirley Miller House through the Prince Engineering Lab .
go to the 86 Waterman  through the Rhode Island Hall .
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall through the Brown Bear .
go to the Lyman Hall through the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to the Brown University Sciences Library through the Littlefield Hall .
go to the Medical Research Lab through the J.W. Wilson .
go to the Hughes Court through the Campus Market .
first navigate to the Rhode Island Hall , then make your way to the Slavery Memorial .
first navigate to the Urban Environmental Lab , then make your way to the Slater Hall .
first navigate to the Gardner House , then make your way to the Medical Research Lab .
first navigate to the Brown Bear , then make your way to the Van Wickle Gates .
first navigate to the Arnold Laboratory , then make your way to the Hope College .
first navigate to the Lot 76 , then make your way to the Lot 18 .
first navigate to the The Ivy Room , then make your way to the John Hay Library .
first navigate to the Untitled Lamp/Bear , then make your way to the Van Wickle Gates .
first navigate to the Carrie Tower , then make your way to the Hope College .
first navigate to the Shirley Miller House , then make your way to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
first navigate to the John Carter Brown Library , then make your way to the University Hall .
first navigate to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall , then make your way to the Class of 1887 Gate .
head to the Wriston Quad , but make sure to go through the Carrie Tower first .
head to the Faunce House , but make sure to go through the Sears first .
head to the John Carter Brown Library , but make sure to go through the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate first .
head to the Faunce House , but make sure to go through the Casey Shearer Memorial first .
head to the Brown Center for Students of Color , but make sure to go through the Swearer Center for Public Service first .
head to the Starbucks , but make sure to go through the Citizen's Bank first .
head to the Minden Hall , but make sure to go through the Class of 1872 Gate first .
head to the Faunce House , but make sure to go through the Friedman Hall first .
head to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences , but make sure to go through the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity first .
head to the Blue Room , but make sure to go through the Idee di pietra first .
go through the Watson Center for Information Technology before going to the Arnold Laboratory .
go through the 86 Waterman  before going to the Slater Hall .
go through the 67 George before going to the Minden Hall .
go through the Brown University Sciences Library before going to the Blue Room .
go through the Lippit House before going to the Mencoff Hall .
go through the Prince Engineering Lab before going to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
go through the Robinson Hall before going to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go through the Brown Center for Students of Color before going to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go through the Faunce House before going to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Lincoln Field Building through the Prospect House .
go to the John Carter Brown Library through the University Hall .
go to the Barus Building through the Urban Environmental Lab .
go to the Rockefeller Library through the Carrie Tower .
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology through the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to the Blue Room through the Shirley Miller House .
go to the Saint Stephens Church through the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to the John Carter Brown Library through the John Hay Library .
go to the The Ivy Room through the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the List Art Building through the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to the Horace Mann House through the 86 Waterman  .
go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate through the Campus Market .
go to the Brown Bear through the Hegeman
go to the Hughes Court through the Watson Center for Information Technology
go to the University Hall through the John Hay Library
go to the Starbucks through the College Green
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall through the John Hay Library
go to the Lincoln Field Building through the Blue Room
go to the Lincoln Field Building through the Salomon Center for Teaching
go to the Horace Mann House through the Mencoff Hall
go to the Hegeman through the Van Wickle Gates
go to the Manning through the Marston Hall
go to the Van Wickle Gates through the Friedman Hall
go to the Brown University through the Carrie Tower
go to the Van Wickle Gates and then navigate to the Hegeman .
go to the Marcus Aurelius and then navigate to the Maxcy Hall .
go to the Finlandia and then navigate to the Brown Bear .
go to the Rhode Island Hall and then navigate to the Robinson Gate .
go to the Rockefeller Library and then navigate to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Friedman Hall and then navigate to the Marston Hall .
go to the Maddock Alumni  and then navigate to the Barus Building .
go to the Finlandia and then navigate to the Medical Research Lab .
go to the Marcus Aurelius and then navigate to the Faunce House .
go to the Medical Research Lab and then navigate to the Rhode Island Hall .
go to the Idee di pietra and then navigate to the War Memorial .
go to the Lot 17 and then navigate to the Robinson Gate .
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology and then navigate to the Sayles Hall .
travel through the Faunce House then go to the Carrie Tower .
travel through the William Goddard Memorial Gate then go to the Starbucks .
travel through the Prince Engineering Lab then go to the 86 Waterman  .
travel through the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate then go to the Prospect House .
travel through the Watson Center for Information Technology then go to the Lyman Hall .
travel through the Shirley Miller House then go to the Sayles Hall .
travel through the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity then go to the Carrie Tower .
travel through the Lot 18 then go to the Horace Mann House .
travel through the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority then go to the Starbucks .
travel through the Hope College then go to the Finlandia .
travel through the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall then go to the John Carter Brown Library .
go to the Arnold Laboratory by first going through the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to the Manning by first going through the Prospect House .
go to the Metcalf Research Building by first going through the Urban Environmental Lab .
go to the Lot 18 by first going through the Minden Hall .
go to the Hope College by first going through the Starbucks .
go to the Marston Hall by first going through the Barus Building .
go to the Hughes Court by first going through the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Lippit House by first going through the Gardner House .
go to the Starbucks by first going through the J.W. Wilson .
go to the Sears by first going through the Brown University Sciences Library .
go to the P-131317 by first going through the J.W. Wilson .
go to the Casey Shearer Memorial by first going through the Urban Environmental Lab .
go to the Blue Room by first going through the Maxcy Hall .
go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear by first going through the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to the Prince Engineering Lab by first going through the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to the Lot 76 through the Sharpe Refectory .
go to the Marston Hall through the Class of 1872 Gate .
go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate through the Brown Bear .
go to the Blue Room through the Barus Building .
go to the Wayland through the J.W. Wilson .
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate through the Robinson Gate .
go to the Metcalf Research Building through the Horace Mann House .
go to the Blue Room through the Wriston Quad .
go to the Manning through the Hope College .
go to the Horace Mann House through the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
always go through the 86 Waterman  to get to the Lippit House .
always go through the 86 Waterman  to get to the Urban Environmental Lab .
always go through the Gardner House to get to the The Ivy Room .
always go through the The Ivy Room to get to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
always go through the 67 George to get to the Urban Environmental Lab .
always go through the Wriston Quad to get to the University Hall .
always go through the Sharpe Refectory to get to the Starbucks .
always go through the Faunce House to get to the Class of 1872 Gate .
always go through the Friedman Hall to get to the Marcus Aurelius .
always go through the Lyman Hall to get to the Shirley Miller House .
always go through the Wilbour Hall to get to the Slater Hall .
always go through the War Memorial to get to the Sears .
always go through the 86 Waterman  to get to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
always go through the Quiet Green to get to the Barus Building .
go to the Urban Environmental Lab before going to the University Hall .
go to the Saint Stephens Church before going to the Campus Market .
go to the Slavery Memorial before going to the Lot 76 .
go to the War Memorial before going to the John Hay Library .
go to the Prospect House before going to the Sears .
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall before going to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to the P-131317 before going to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate before going to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to the Faunce House before going to the Wriston Quad .
go to the Arnold Laboratory before going to the Metcalf Research Building .
go to the Faunce House before going to the Urban Environmental Lab .
go to the Wriston Quad before going to the Wilbour Hall .
go to the Rhode Island Hall before going to the Manning .
go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology before going to the Lyman Hall .
go to Wriston Quad and then to Van Wickle Gates
go to Norwood House and then to Carrie Tower
go to John Nicholas Brown Gate and then to John Hay Library
go to Sharpe Refectory and then to P-131317
go to Swearer Center for Public Service and then to Wriston Quad
go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity and then to William Goddard Memorial Gate
go to Sears and then to Walter Hall
go to Hegeman and then to Finlandia
go to Marston Hall and then to Van Wickle Gates
go to the University Hall through the Rhode Island Hall
go to the Marston Hall through the Saint Stephens Church
go to the Prospect House through the John Carter Brown Library
go to the Robinson Gate through the Sharpe Refectory
go to the Circle Dance Sculpture through the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology
go to the Idee di pietra through the Manning
go to the Blue Room through the Shirley Miller House
go to the Sharpe Refectory through the 86 Waterman 
go to the Casey Shearer Memorial through the BERT
go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear through the Wayland
go to the Finlandia through the Swearer Center for Public Service
go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences and then go to the Campus Market .
go to the Metcalf Research Building and then go to the Kassar House .
go to the John Hay Library and then go to the BERT .
go to the Metcalf Research Building and then go to the Prince Engineering Lab .
go to the Rhode Island Hall and then go to the Campus Market .
go to the Lot 18 and then go to the Robinson Gate .
go to the Brown University Sciences Library and then go to the 86 Waterman  .
go to the Friedman Hall and then go to the Caswell Hall .
go to the Carrie Tower and then go to the J.W. Wilson .
go to the Circle Dance Sculpture and then go to the Rockefeller Library .
go to the Class of 1872 Gate and then go to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to the Prince Engineering Lab and then go to the John Hay Library .
go through the Hughes Court before going to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go through the Wriston Quad before going to the Lippit House .
go through the Class of 1887 Gate before going to the John Hay Library .
go through the Blue Room before going to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go through the Urban Environmental Lab before going to the Lyman Hall .
go through the Slater Hall before going to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go through the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority before going to the Gardner House .
go through the Littlefield Hall before going to the Friedman Hall .
go through the Friedman Hall before going to the Robinson Hall .
go through the Van Wickle Gates before going to the Metcalf Research Building .
go through the Brown Bear before going to the Van Wickle Gates .
go through the Circle Dance Sculpture before going to the Class of 1887 Gate .
go to the Prospect House through the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to the Wriston Quad through the Citizen's Bank .
go to the Watson Center for Information Technology through the Faunce House .
go to the John Hay Library through the Citizen's Bank .
go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate through the Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to the John Carter Brown Library through the Prince Engineering Lab .
go to the Van Wickle Gates through the Robinson Gate .
go to the Sayles Hall through the Quiet Green .
go to the Gardner House through the Slater Hall .
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity through the Quiet Green .
go to the Finlandia through the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Horace Mann House through the List Art Building .
navigate to the Soldiers Memorial Gate through the Prospect House .
navigate to the Brown University Sciences Library through the John Hay Library .
navigate to the Littlefield Hall through the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
navigate to the Wayland through the Brown University .
navigate to the John Hay Library through the John Hay Library .
navigate to the Swearer Center for Public Service through the 67 George .
navigate to the Barus Building through the Starbucks .
navigate to the Starbucks through the J.W. Wilson .
navigate to the Blue Room through the List Art Building .
navigate to the Friedman Hall through the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
navigate to the Gardner House through the P-131317 .
navigate to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences through the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
navigate to the Sayles Hall through the 67 George .
navigate to the Van Wickle Gates through the Brown Bear .
navigate to the 86 Waterman  through the Sayles Hall .
go through the Circle Dance Sculpture first , then go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go through the Lippit House first , then go to the Minden Hall .
go through the John Nicholas Brown Gate first , then go to the Simmons Quadrangle .
go through the Sayles Hall first , then go to the 67 George .
go through the Robinson Hall first , then go to the College Green .
go through the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ first , then go to the Metcalf Research Building .
go through the Hope College first , then go to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go through the Blue Room first , then go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go through the Friedman Hall first , then go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go through the Wriston Quad first , then go to the Marston Hall .
go through the Medical Research Lab first , then go to the Maxcy Hall .
go through the Minden Hall first , then go to the List Art Building .
go through the Lincoln Field Building to the Brown Bear .
go through the University Hall to the Prospect House .
go through the Arnold Laboratory to the Medical Research Lab .
go through the Minden Hall to the Caswell Hall .
go through the Arnold Laboratory to the Citizen's Bank .
go through the Finlandia to the Rockefeller Library .
go through the Lot 18 to the Manning .
go through the Rhode Island Hall to the Sayles Hall .
go through the Robinson Gate to the Marcus Aurelius .
go through the Finlandia to the Slater Hall .
go through the Lyman Hall to the Rhode Island Hall .
go through the John Nicholas Brown Gate to the Marston Hall .
go through the 67 George to the Mencoff Hall .
go through the Class of 1872 Gate to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go through the Untitled Lamp/Bear to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
go through the Caswell Hall to the Carrie Tower .
go through the Salomon Center for Teaching to the Rockefeller Library .
go through the Marston Hall to the Brown University Sciences Library .
go through the Idee di pietra to the Wayland .
go through the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology to the Gardner House .
go through the Sayles Hall to the Maxcy Hall .
go through the Watson Center for Information Technology to the John Hay Library .
go through the Barus Building to the Saint Stephens Church .
go through the List Art Building to the Lot 17 .
go through the Van Wickle Gates to the John Carter Brown Library .
go through the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ to the Starbucks .
go through the Saint Stephens Church to the Finlandia .
go through the Slavery Memorial to the War Memorial .
go through the College Green to the Marcus Aurelius .
go through the Minden Hall to the Class of 1872 Gate .
go through the Marcus Aurelius to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go through the Brown Center for Students of Color to the Simmons Quadrangle .
go through the Mencoff Hall to the Maxcy Green .
go through the Medical Research Lab to the Hughes Court .
go through the Casey Shearer Memorial to the Caswell Hall .
always navigate to Mencoff Hall and then proceed to Prospect House .
always navigate to Gardner House and then proceed to Littlefield Hall .
always navigate to Lot 17 and then proceed to Robinson Gate .
always navigate to Walter Hall and then proceed to Brown Bear .
always navigate to Lincoln Field Building and then proceed to Watson Center for Information Technology .
always navigate to John Hay Library and then proceed to Watson Center for Information Technology .
always navigate to Salomon Center for Teaching and then proceed to Prince Engineering Lab .
always navigate to Van Wickle Gates and then proceed to Salomon Center for Teaching .
always navigate to John Nicholas Brown Gate and then proceed to Saint Stephens Church .
always navigate to Quiet Green and then proceed to John Nicholas Brown Gate .
always navigate to Lyman Hall and then proceed to Gardner House .
head to the Prospect House and then head to the Maddock Alumni  .
head to the War Memorial and then head to the Arnold Laboratory .
head to the Mencoff Hall and then head to the Prince Engineering Lab .
head to the Mencoff Hall and then head to the 67 George .
head to the Citizen's Bank and then head to the Hegeman .
head to the War Memorial and then head to the John Hay Library .
head to the 67 George and then head to the Slavery Memorial .
head to the Van Wickle Gates and then head to the Campus Market .
head to the Lippit House and then head to the Horace Mann House .
go through the Swearer Center for Public Service before going to the Metcalf Research Building .
go through the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop before going to the Quiet Green .
go through the Hope College before going to the Van Wickle Gates .
go through the Citizen's Bank before going to the Brown Bear .
go through the Kassar House before going to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go through the Manning before going to the Shirley Miller House .
go through the John Hay Library before going to the Hegeman .
go through the Hope College before going to the Caswell Hall .
go through the Casey Shearer Memorial before going to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go through the Watson Center for Information Technology before going to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go through the Brown Center for Students of Color before going to the Class of 1887 Gate .
go through the Prospect House before going to the Marston Hall .
visit the Hughes Court and then move to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
visit the Lyman Hall and then move to the Lot 76 .
visit the Shirley Miller House and then move to the The Ivy Room .
visit the Van Wickle Gates and then move to the BERT .
visit the Untitled Lamp/Bear and then move to the Lincoln Field Building .
visit the Untitled Lamp/Bear and then move to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
visit the Littlefield Hall and then move to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
visit the Maddock Alumni  and then move to the Caswell Hall .
visit the Littlefield Hall and then move to the Marcus Aurelius .
visit the Lot 76 and then move to the Littlefield Hall .
visit the Salomon Center for Teaching and then move to the Maxcy Green .
visit the Van Wickle Gates and then move to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
visit the Hughes Court and then move to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
visit the Rockefeller Library and then move to the Caswell Hall .
visit the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop and then move to the Manning .
go through the Shirley Miller House and navigate to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go through the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences and navigate to the Shirley Miller House .
go through the Lot 76 and navigate to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go through the Friedman Hall and navigate to the Caswell Hall .
go through the Soldiers Memorial Gate and navigate to the Hegeman .
go through the Maxcy Green and navigate to the BERT .
go through the Hughes Court and navigate to the Campus Market .
go through the Idee di pietra and navigate to the Metcalf Research Building .
go through the John Carter Brown Library and navigate to the Brown University Sciences Library .
go through the Carrie Tower and navigate to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go through the Rockefeller Library and navigate to the Walter Hall .
go through the Sayles Hall and navigate to the Sears .
go through the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority and navigate to the Lot 76 .
go through the Hope College and navigate to the Lot 17 .
go through the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology and navigate to the Marcus Aurelius .
go to the Blue Room and go down to the University Hall .
go to the Rockefeller Library and go down to the Faunce House .
go to the Casey Shearer Memorial and go down to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to the 67 George and go down to the Class of 1872 Gate .
go to the Hegeman and go down to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to the 67 George and go down to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology and go down to the Medical Research Lab .
go to the University Hall and go down to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to the Shirley Miller House and go down to the Arnold Laboratory .
go to the Slavery Memorial and go down to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to the Friedman Hall and go down to the Slater Hall .
go to the Norwood House and go down to the Finlandia .
go to the Class of 1887 Gate through the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences through the Gardner House .
go to the Blue Room through the Urban Environmental Lab .
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate through the BERT .
go to the Van Wickle Gates through the Mencoff Hall .
go to the Swearer Center for Public Service through the Mencoff Hall .
go to the Brown Bear through the Robinson Gate .
go to the Robinson Hall through the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to the Lincoln Field Building through the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go to the Sharpe Refectory through the The Ivy Room .
go to the Horace Mann House through the Wayland .
go to the Rockefeller Library through the Robinson Hall .
go to the Prince Engineering Lab through the Norwood House .
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color through the Caswell Hall .
go to the Simmons Quadrangle through the Rhode Island Hall .
go to the Wilbour Hall through the Robinson Gate .
go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences through the Lot 17 .
go to the Mencoff Hall through the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go to the Hegeman through the Barus Building .
go to the Hope College through the Barus Building .
go to the War Memorial through the Prospect House .
go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear through the Littlefield Hall .
go through the Rhode Island Hall then to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
go through the Prince Engineering Lab then to the Quiet Green .
go through the Shirley Miller House then to the John Hay Library .
go through the 86 Waterman  then to the Maxcy Hall .
go through the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ then to the Robinson Hall .
go through the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology then to the Finlandia .
go through the John Carter Brown Library then to the Van Wickle Gates .
go through the Lippit House then to the Maxcy Green .
go through the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ then to the Lippit House .
go through the Wilbour Hall then to the Lincoln Field Building .
go through the Manning then to the Norwood House .
go through the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology then to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
navigate to the Sayles Hall via the Brown Bear .
navigate to the List Art Building via the Campus Market .
navigate to the War Memorial via the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
navigate to the Brown University via the Wayland .
navigate to the William Goddard Memorial Gate via the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
navigate to the Van Wickle Gates via the Marston Hall .
navigate to the Littlefield Hall via the Saint Stephens Church .
navigate to the Casey Shearer Memorial via the College Green .
navigate to the John Carter Brown Library via the Starbucks .
navigate to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate via the Littlefield Hall .
navigate to the Brown Bear via the Finlandia .
navigate to the Friedman Hall via the 67 George .
navigate to the Salomon Center for Teaching via the Horace Mann House .
go to the John Carter Brown Library through the Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to the Untitled Lamp/Bear through the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to the Wayland through the Manning .
go to the Maxcy Green through the Gardner House .
go to the Arnold Laboratory through the Casey Shearer Memorial .
go to the Finlandia through the War Memorial .
go to the John Hay Library through the Hope College .
go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences through the College Green .
go to the Brown Bear through the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go to the 67 George through the List Art Building .
go to the P-131317 through the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to the 86 Waterman  through the College Green .
go to the Idee di pietra through the John Hay Library .
go to the Hegeman through the Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to the Shirley Miller House by first going through the 67 George .
go to the Slater Hall by first going through the College Green .
go to the Brown Bear by first going through the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to the Marston Hall by first going through the Prince Engineering Lab .
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ by first going through the Starbucks .
go to the Caswell Hall by first going through the Hope College .
go to the Quiet Green by first going through the College Green .
go to the Sears by first going through the Slater Hall .
go to the War Memorial by first going through the P-131317 .
go to the Shirley Miller House by first going through the Maxcy Green .
go to the BERT by first going through the Manning .
go to the Brown University by first going through the Sayles Hall .
pass through the Faunce House before going to the P-131317 .
pass through the Gardner House before going to the Robinson Hall .
pass through the Shirley Miller House before going to the Carrie Tower .
pass through the Brown University Sciences Library before going to the Lot 17 .
pass through the The Ivy Room before going to the 67 George .
pass through the Arnold Laboratory before going to the Slavery Memorial .
pass through the Barus Building before going to the Starbucks .
pass through the Citizen's Bank before going to the Medical Research Lab .
pass through the Idee di pietra before going to the Wriston Quad .
pass through the Sharpe Refectory before going to the Manning .
move to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate , travelling through the List Art Building .
move to the Class of 1887 Gate , travelling through the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
move to the Soldiers Memorial Gate , travelling through the J.W. Wilson .
move to the Wriston Quad , travelling through the Brown Bear .
move to the Class of 1872 Gate , travelling through the Lot 18 .
move to the Metcalf Research Building , travelling through the War Memorial .
move to the Slater Hall , travelling through the Lot 17 .
move to the Brown Center for Students of Color , travelling through the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
move to the Medical Research Lab , travelling through the Maddock Alumni  .
move to the J.W. Wilson , travelling through the Class of 1872 Gate .
move to the Slater Hall , travelling through the Van Wickle Gates .
move towards Rhode Island Hall and then to Van Wickle Gates .
move towards Brown Bear and then to Sayles Hall .
move towards Sears and then to Soldiers Memorial Gate .
move towards Brown Bear and then to Maddock Alumni  .
move towards Blue Room and then to 67 George .
move towards Campus Market and then to University Hall .
move towards 67 George and then to Van Wickle Gates .
move towards Metcalf Research Building and then to Starbucks .
move towards Maxcy Green and then to List Art Building .
move towards Wayland and then to College Green .
move towards Untitled Lamp/Bear and then to Carrie Tower .
move towards Wilbour Hall and then to List Art Building .
go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate through the Minden Hall .
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching through the Lincoln Field Building .
go to the Maxcy Green through the Barus Building .
go to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall through the Barus Building .
go to the Circle Dance Sculpture through the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to the Robinson Gate through the Brown University .
go to the Brown University Sciences Library through the Maddock Alumni  .
go to the Kassar House through the Slater Hall .
go to the Slater Hall through the Metcalf Research Building .
move to the Lot 18 by going through the 86 Waterman 
move to the Barus Building by going through the Sears
move to the Simmons Quadrangle by going through the Friedman Hall
move to the Hegeman by going through the Robinson Gate
move to the Prospect House by going through the Maxcy Hall
move to the Finlandia by going through the Carrie Tower
move to the Maxcy Hall by going through the P-131317
move to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall by going through the Class of 1872 Gate
move to the John Hay Library by going through the Kassar House
move to the Slavery Memorial by going through the Slater Hall
move to the Brown Center for Students of Color by going through the John Carter Brown Library
move to the Lot 18 by going through the Faunce House
go to the Slavery Memorial through the Norwood House
go to the Brown Center for Students of Color through the Horace Mann House
go to the Swearer Center for Public Service through the Arnold Laboratory
go to the Brown Bear through the Slavery Memorial
go to the Sayles Hall through the Lot 17
go to the Gardner House through the Wriston Quad
go to the Arnold Laboratory through the Finlandia
go to the Urban Environmental Lab through the Lot 17
go to the Brown Bear through the Idee di pietra
go to the Van Wickle Gates through the Finlandia
go to the Faunce House through the Mencoff Hall .
go to the Sayles Hall through the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to the Campus Market through the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to the Salomon Center for Teaching through the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the William Goddard Memorial Gate through the Robinson Hall .
go to the John Hay Library through the Urban Environmental Lab .
go to the Blue Room through the Slavery Memorial .
go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate through the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go to the John Hay Library through the Littlefield Hall .
go to the Mencoff Hall , then go to the Lot 18 .
go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology , then go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go to the Hope College , then go to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
go to the Hughes Court , then go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to the Slater Hall , then go to the Lippit House .
go to the Brown University , then go to the Brown University Sciences Library .
go to the Robinson Gate , then go to the Wilbour Hall .
go to the Marcus Aurelius , then go to the Slavery Memorial .
go to the Lot 17 , then go to the Norwood House .
go to the John Hay Library , then go to the Robinson Gate .
go to the Horace Mann House , then go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to the Citizen's Bank , then go to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the John Hay Library , then go to the Prince Engineering Lab .
go to the Brown Bear , then go to the Class of 1872 Gate .
go to the green room first
go to the green room first
go to the Marcus Aurelius via the Wayland .
go to the Shirley Miller House via the Prospect House .
go to the Marston Hall via the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to the BERT via the Robinson Hall .
go to the Campus Market via the Faunce House .
go to the Lippit House via the Rockefeller Library .
go to the Metcalf Research Building via the Brown University Sciences Library .
go to the Simmons Quadrangle via the Starbucks .
go to the Maxcy Hall via the Class of 1872 Gate .
go to the Citizen's Bank via the Wayland .
go to the Carrie Tower via the Van Wickle Gates .
go to the Prospect House via the Maxcy Hall .
go to the Gardner House via the Slavery Memorial .
go to the Casey Shearer Memorial via the Rockefeller Library .
pass through the Maddock Alumni  on your way to the Sayles Hall .
pass through the Wilbour Hall on your way to the Carrie Tower .
pass through the Sears on your way to the Maxcy Hall .
pass through the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ on your way to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
pass through the Brown Bear on your way to the Saint Stephens Church .
pass through the Simmons Quadrangle on your way to the Slater Hall .
pass through the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority on your way to the Brown University Sciences Library .
pass through the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop on your way to the BERT .
pass through the Wayland on your way to the BERT .
pass through the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall on your way to the Walter Hall .
pass through the Idee di pietra on your way to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
pass through the Untitled Lamp/Bear on your way to the Gardner House .
pass through the Sears on your way to the War Memorial .
pass through the Minden Hall on your way to the List Art Building .
pass through the Horace Mann House on your way to the Finlandia .
navigate to the The Ivy Room through the Van Wickle Gates .
navigate to the War Memorial through the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
navigate to the Sharpe Refectory through the P-131317 .
navigate to the Blue Room through the Class of 1887 Gate .
navigate to the Mencoff Hall through the Kassar House .
navigate to the Casey Shearer Memorial through the Lyman Hall .
navigate to the Prince Engineering Lab through the 67 George .
navigate to the Rhode Island Hall through the John Carter Brown Library .
navigate to the Carrie Tower through the Wilbour Hall .
navigate to the Blue Room through the Class of 1887 Gate .
go through the Campus Market to the Simmons Quadrangle .
go through the Carrie Tower to the Brown University .
go through the Maddock Alumni  to the Class of 1872 Gate .
go through the BERT to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
go through the Prince Engineering Lab to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go through the Arnold Laboratory to the Prince Engineering Lab .
go through the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences to the Sharpe Refectory .
go through the Class of 1887 Gate to the Friedman Hall .
go through the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate to the Brown Bear .
go through the Lippit House to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go through the Maxcy Hall to the Van Wickle Gates .
go through the Marcus Aurelius to the Campus Market .
go through the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority to the Horace Mann House .
go through the Idee di pietra to the Maddock Alumni  .
go through the Simmons Quadrangle to the John Hay Library .
go through the Swearer Center for Public Service to the Van Wickle Gates .
go through the Brown Bear to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go through the Watson Center for Information Technology to the Norwood House .
go through the Lot 17 to the War Memorial .
go through the Minden Hall to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go through the Brown University Sciences Library to the Wriston Quad .
go through the Circle Dance Sculpture to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
avoid Robinson Gate and go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
avoid J.W. Wilson and go to Brown University Sciences Library .
avoid P-131317 and go to Marcus Aurelius .
avoid 67 George and go to John Hay Library .
avoid War Memorial and go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
avoid Shirley Miller House and go to Maddock Alumni  .
avoid The Ivy Room and go to Walter Hall .
avoid Casey Shearer Memorial and go to Marston Hall .
avoid Brown Center for Students of Color and go to The Ivy Room .
avoid BERT and go to Medical Research Lab .
avoid Lyman Hall and go to 86 Waterman  .
avoid John Hay Library and go to Manning .
avoid Prospect House and go to Robinson Hall .
avoid Slavery Memorial and go to John Hay Library .
avoid University Hall and go to Prospect House .
avoid Brown Bear and go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
avoid Lot 76 and go to Mencoff Hall .
avoid Untitled Lamp/Bear and go to Robinson Gate .
avoid Friedman Hall and go to Quiet Green .
avoid Brown Bear and go to Campus Market .
avoid Horace Mann House and go to Rockefeller Library .
avoid Sharpe Refectory and go to Faunce House .
avoid Salomon Center for Teaching and go to Wilbour Hall .
go to Slater Hall while avoiding Maxcy Hall
go to Metcalf Research Building while avoiding Sears
go to The Ivy Room while avoiding Urban Environmental Lab
go to J.W. Wilson while avoiding Norwood House
go to Lot 17 while avoiding Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences
go to Class of 1872 Gate while avoiding Hope College
go to Maxcy Hall while avoiding J.W. Wilson
go to College Green while avoiding Wayland
go to Citizen's Bank while avoiding Wriston Quad
go to Horace Mann House while avoiding John Nicholas Brown Gate
always avoid the Littlefield Hall and travel to Horace Mann House .
always avoid the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity and travel to Gardner House .
always avoid the BERT and travel to Slater Hall .
always avoid the Rhode Island Hall and travel to Medical Research Lab .
always avoid the Citizen's Bank and travel to 67 George .
always avoid the Idee di pietra and travel to Untitled Lamp/Bear .
always avoid the Minden Hall and travel to Untitled Lamp/Bear .
always avoid the Idee di pietra and travel to Hope College .
always avoid the Prince Engineering Lab and travel to Maddock Alumni  .
always avoid the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority and travel to Soldiers Memorial Gate .
do not go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity until going to Slavery Memorial
do not go to Campus Market until going to Untitled Lamp/Bear
do not go to Van Wickle Gates until going to College Green
do not go to Starbucks until going to Marcus Aurelius
do not go to Swearer Center for Public Service until going to John Hay Library
do not go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority until going to Saint Stephens Church
do not go to Casey Shearer Memorial until going to Salomon Center for Teaching
do not go to Class of 1872 Gate until going to Brown Center for Students of Color
do not go to Idee di pietra until going to 86 Waterman 
do not go to Urban Environmental Lab until going to Rockefeller Library
do not go to Lot 76 until going to Untitled Lamp/Bear
avoid Hope College and go to Marcus Aurelius .
avoid BERT and go to Van Wickle Gates .
avoid Brown University and go to Prospect House .
avoid Faunce House and go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
avoid Brown University Sciences Library and go to Friedman Hall .
avoid Blue Room and go to Hegeman .
avoid Wriston Quad and go to Brown Bear .
avoid Lincoln Field Building and go to Lot 17 .
avoid Brown University Sciences Library and go to Littlefield Hall .
avoid Horace Mann House and go to Hughes Court .
avoid Simmons Quadrangle and go to Brown University Sciences Library .
avoid List Art Building and go to Brown Bear .
avoid Faunce House and go to Manning .
avoid Kassar House and go to Wriston Quad .
avoid Morgan Witter Rogers Gate and go to Norwood House .
always avoid Van Wickle Gates and go to Medical Research Lab
always avoid Friedman Hall and go to War Memorial
always avoid Urban Environmental Lab and go to Gardner House
always avoid Van Wickle Gates and go to 86 Waterman 
always avoid Marston Hall and go to List Art Building
always avoid Brown University and go to Sayles Hall
always avoid Hegeman and go to Brown University
always avoid Saint Stephens Church and go to Lyman Hall
always avoid Marston Hall and go to Minden Hall
always avoid Maxcy Hall and go to Prospect House
always avoid GeoChem and Macmillian Hall and go to Lincoln Field Building
always avoid Starbucks and go to Friedman Hall
always avoid Swearer Center for Public Service , and navigate to Lot 18 .
always avoid Gardner House , and navigate to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
always avoid Sayles Hall , and navigate to Prospect House .
always avoid Friedman Hall , and navigate to Arnold Laboratory .
always avoid Walter Hall , and navigate to Starbucks .
always avoid Brown University , and navigate to Sears .
always avoid Sears , and navigate to Sharpe Refectory .
always avoid Marcus Aurelius , and navigate to Medical Research Lab .
always avoid Medical Research Lab , and navigate to John Hay Library .
always avoid Rhode Island Hall , and navigate to Lot 17 .
always avoid Brown Center for Students of Color and navigate to Swearer Center for Public Service .
always avoid Wilbour Hall and navigate to Watson Center for Information Technology .
always avoid Kassar House and navigate to William Goddard Memorial Gate .
always avoid Brown Bear and navigate to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
always avoid Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences and navigate to Caswell Hall .
always avoid Marston Hall and navigate to Arnold Laboratory .
always avoid University Hall and navigate to Wayland .
always avoid College Green and navigate to Carrie Tower .
always avoid Caswell Hall and navigate to Norwood House .
always avoid Wriston Quad and navigate to Rockefeller Library .
always avoid Rockefeller Library and navigate to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
always avoid Alpha Chi Omega Sorority and navigate to Hughes Court .
avoid Maxcy Hall and go to Urban Environmental Lab .
avoid Maddock Alumni  and go to Rockefeller Library .
avoid Citizen's Bank and go to Sayles Hall .
avoid Swearer Center for Public Service and go to Brown Bear .
avoid Lippit House and go to Van Wickle Gates .
avoid Lot 17 and go to Caswell Hall .
avoid Urban Environmental Lab and go to Wayland .
avoid Urban Environmental Lab and go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
avoid Saint Stephens Church and go to Van Wickle Gates .
avoid Idee di pietra and go to William Goddard Memorial Gate .
avoid Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology and go to Faunce House .
avoid Simmons Quadrangle and go to Wilbour Hall .
avoid Manning and go to Robinson Gate .
avoid Starbucks and go to Metcalf Research Building .
avoid Robinson Gate and go to Caswell Hall .
avoid Wilbour Hall while traveling to Faunce House .
avoid College Green while traveling to John Nicholas Brown Gate .
avoid Faunce House while traveling to The Ivy Room .
avoid Watson Center for Information Technology while traveling to Brown University Sciences Library .
avoid Barus Building while traveling to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
avoid Slater Hall while traveling to Prospect House .
avoid Caswell Hall while traveling to Idee di pietra .
avoid College Green while traveling to Urban Environmental Lab .
avoid Minden Hall while traveling to Manning .
avoid War Memorial while traveling to Citizen's Bank .
avoid Hegeman while traveling to Maxcy Green .
avoid Norwood House while traveling to Hope College .
avoid Manning while traveling to Van Wickle Gates .
avoid Saint Stephens Church while traveling to Campus Market .
always avoid Lot 17 and go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
always avoid Watson Center for Information Technology and go to Shirley Miller House .
always avoid Hughes Court and go to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
always avoid Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop and go to Hegeman .
always avoid Arnold Laboratory and go to Slater Hall .
always avoid Salomon Center for Teaching and go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
always avoid Barus Building and go to J.W. Wilson .
always avoid Arnold Laboratory and go to Quiet Green .
always avoid Rhode Island Hall and go to Barus Building .
always avoid Brown University and go to 67 George .
always avoid John Hay Library and go to Brown Bear .
always avoid Lyman Hall and go to Class of 1872 Gate .
always avoid Saint Stephens Church and go to Carrie Tower .
avoid John Hay Library , and go to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
avoid GeoChem and Macmillian Hall , and go to Mencoff Hall .
avoid Minden Hall , and go to Class of 1872 Gate .
avoid War Memorial , and go to Maxcy Hall .
avoid Citizen's Bank , and go to Carrie Tower .
avoid Saint Stephens Church , and go to 67 George .
avoid John Nicholas Brown Gate , and go to Walter Hall .
avoid College Green , and go to Manning .
avoid Lippit House , and go to Sharpe Refectory .
avoid Rhode Island Hall , and go to Shirley Miller House .
avoid Faunce House , and go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
avoid Watson Center for Information Technology , and go to Wayland .
avoid Watson Center for Information Technology , and go to Robinson Hall .
go to College Green but always stay away from Brown University .
go to Untitled Lamp/Bear but always stay away from Class of 1887 Gate .
go to Hope College but always stay away from Brown University .
go to Blue Room but always stay away from Brown University .
go to Citizen's Bank but always stay away from P-131317 .
go to Finlandia but always stay away from Slater Hall .
go to Brown Bear but always stay away from List Art Building .
go to Van Wickle Gates but always stay away from John Carter Brown Library .
go to Campus Market but always stay away from John Hay Library .
go to Van Wickle Gates but always stay away from Robinson Gate .
go to Friedman Hall but always stay away from Class of 1887 Gate .
go to BERT but always stay away from College Green .
avoid Lincoln Field Building and go to Marcus Aurelius .
avoid Brown University Sciences Library and go to Hughes Court .
avoid Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences and go to Brown University .
avoid Norwood House and go to Finlandia .
avoid Morgan Witter Rogers Gate and go to Slater Hall .
avoid Rockefeller Library and go to Quiet Green .
avoid Prince Engineering Lab and go to Starbucks .
avoid 67 George and go to Carrie Tower .
avoid University Hall and go to Medical Research Lab .
always avoid Alpha Chi Omega Sorority while going to Brown Center for Students of Color .
always avoid Faunce House while going to Watson Center for Information Technology .
always avoid Class of 1872 Gate while going to List Art Building .
always avoid Van Wickle Gates while going to Maddock Alumni  .
always avoid Casey Shearer Memorial while going to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
always avoid Faunce House while going to Maddock Alumni  .
always avoid Alpha Chi Omega Sorority while going to Rockefeller Library .
always avoid William Goddard Memorial Gate while going to John Hay Library .
always avoid 86 Waterman  while going to Prospect House .
always avoid Barus Building while going to Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
always avoid Wayland while going to Robinson Gate .
always avoid Campus Market while going to The Ivy Room .
always avoid Shirley Miller House while going to Hope College .
always avoid Norwood House while going to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
move to Swearer Center for Public Service but avoid Lincoln Field Building .
move to Marcus Aurelius but avoid Norwood House .
move to Littlefield Hall but avoid Arnold Laboratory .
move to Sayles Hall but avoid Hegeman .
move to Friedman Hall but avoid Sharpe Refectory .
move to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences but avoid Wriston Quad .
move to Maxcy Green but avoid Lincoln Field Building .
move to Citizen's Bank but avoid William Goddard Memorial Gate .
move to Finlandia but avoid Carrie Tower .
move to Kassar House but avoid Brown Center for Students of Color .
move to Barus Building but avoid Brown Bear .
move to Urban Environmental Lab but avoid Norwood House .
move to Medical Research Lab but avoid Marston Hall .
avoid Littlefield Hall and proceed to Barus Building
avoid Wilbour Hall and proceed to Marston Hall
avoid Hegeman and proceed to Urban Environmental Lab
avoid Metcalf Research Building and proceed to William Goddard Memorial Gate
avoid Class of 1872 Gate and proceed to Wayland
avoid Lot 76 and proceed to Slater Hall
avoid Hope College and proceed to Swearer Center for Public Service
avoid Prince Engineering Lab and proceed to Robinson Gate
avoid Slavery Memorial and proceed to Salomon Center for Teaching
avoid Alpha Chi Omega Sorority and proceed to Manning
avoid Maxcy Green and proceed to Faunce House
avoid Brown Bear and proceed to Simmons Quadrangle
avoid Rockefeller Library and proceed to Prospect House
go to Untitled Lamp/Bear but avoid Marston Hall .
go to Faunce House but avoid Lot 18 .
go to Kassar House but avoid J.W. Wilson .
go to 67 George but avoid Lot 17 .
go to Rhode Island Hall but avoid Friedman Hall .
go to List Art Building but avoid Rockefeller Library .
go to Slavery Memorial but avoid Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to Swearer Center for Public Service but avoid Watson Center for Information Technology .
go to Van Wickle Gates but avoid Prince Engineering Lab .
go to Brown Bear but avoid 86 Waterman  .
go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences but avoid Marston Hall .
go to Starbucks but avoid Maxcy Hall .
go to Kassar House but avoid Sharpe Refectory .
go to Carrie Tower but avoid Wayland .
go to Circle Dance Sculpture but always avoid Lincoln Field Building .
go to Class of 1887 Gate but always avoid Norwood House .
go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology but always avoid Wriston Quad .
go to Idee di pietra but always avoid John Hay Library .
go to The Ivy Room but always avoid Rockefeller Library .
go to John Carter Brown Library but always avoid Horace Mann House .
go to Sayles Hall but always avoid Campus Market .
go to Hughes Court but always avoid John Carter Brown Library .
go to Sayles Hall but always avoid Barus Building .
go to Simmons Quadrangle but always avoid BERT .
go to Mencoff Hall but always avoid Rockefeller Library .
go to Horace Mann House but always avoid John Hay Library .
avoid Marcus Aurelius and go to Robinson Gate .
avoid Gardner House and go to Robinson Gate .
avoid Walter Hall and go to Medical Research Lab .
avoid Barus Building and go to Lippit House .
avoid Faunce House and go to Maddock Alumni  .
avoid Lot 18 and go to The Ivy Room .
avoid Friedman Hall and go to Campus Market .
avoid John Hay Library and go to 86 Waterman  .
avoid Wayland and go to Wriston Quad .
navigate to Minden Hall , always avoiding Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
navigate to The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ , always avoiding Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
navigate to Sayles Hall , always avoiding John Carter Brown Library .
navigate to Lincoln Field Building , always avoiding Medical Research Lab .
navigate to War Memorial , always avoiding Class of 1887 Gate .
navigate to Hegeman , always avoiding Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
navigate to Walter Hall , always avoiding Class of 1887 Gate .
navigate to Van Wickle Gates , always avoiding Lippit House .
navigate to Sharpe Refectory , always avoiding The Ivy Room .
navigate to Medical Research Lab , always avoiding Metcalf Research Building .
navigate to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority , always avoiding Wayland .
always avoid Maxcy Green and go to War Memorial .
always avoid Quiet Green and go to Walter Hall .
always avoid Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology and go to BERT .
always avoid Alpha Chi Omega Sorority and go to GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
always avoid Lot 17 and go to Littlefield Hall .
always avoid Manning and go to Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
always avoid Van Wickle Gates and go to Rockefeller Library .
always avoid Lippit House and go to Wilbour Hall .
always avoid Minden Hall and go to Van Wickle Gates .
always avoid Walter Hall and go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
always avoid Brown Bear and go to Rockefeller Library .
always avoid Littlefield Hall and go to Kassar House .
always avoid Metcalf Research Building and go to BERT .
always avoid Alpha Chi Omega Sorority and go to Blue Room .
always avoid 67 George and go to Lot 17 .
go to Campus Market without going to BERT
go to Mencoff Hall without going to Untitled Lamp/Bear
go to Wilbour Hall without going to Class of 1872 Gate
go to Maxcy Green without going to Carrie Tower
go to Horace Mann House without going to John Nicholas Brown Gate
go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity without going to Friedman Hall
go to Lippit House without going to Idee di pietra
go to Lot 76 without going to Robinson Gate
go to Marston Hall without going to Wayland
go to Horace Mann House without going to Robinson Hall
go to Faunce House without going to Hughes Court
go to BERT without going to Slavery Memorial
avoid Gardner House while navigating to The Ivy Room .
avoid Simmons Quadrangle while navigating to 67 George .
avoid P-131317 while navigating to Faunce House .
avoid Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity while navigating to Finlandia .
avoid Horace Mann House while navigating to Brown Center for Students of Color .
avoid Van Wickle Gates while navigating to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
avoid Prince Engineering Lab while navigating to Mencoff Hall .
avoid Metcalf Research Building while navigating to Caswell Hall .
avoid Brown Bear while navigating to Marston Hall .
avoid Van Wickle Gates while navigating to Minden Hall .
avoid Swearer Center for Public Service while navigating to Hughes Court .
avoid Sears while navigating to Campus Market .
avoid Caswell Hall while navigating to P-131317 .
avoid Sayles Hall while navigating to Urban Environmental Lab .
move to Blue Room but avoid Starbucks .
move to Manning but avoid P-131317 .
move to Littlefield Hall but avoid Campus Market .
move to College Green but avoid Marcus Aurelius .
move to Swearer Center for Public Service but avoid Circle Dance Sculpture .
move to Van Wickle Gates but avoid The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
move to Marcus Aurelius but avoid Walter Hall .
move to Campus Market but avoid Quiet Green .
move to Arnold Laboratory but avoid J.W. Wilson .
move to Marcus Aurelius but avoid Untitled Lamp/Bear .
move to Slater Hall but avoid GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
always avoid Littlefield Hall and go to Van Wickle Gates .
always avoid Hughes Court and go to William Goddard Memorial Gate .
always avoid Class of 1872 Gate and go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
always avoid Brown University Sciences Library and go to P-131317 .
always avoid Walter Hall and go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
always avoid Saint Stephens Church and go to Sayles Hall .
always avoid Faunce House and go to J.W. Wilson .
always avoid The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ and go to Brown Center for Students of Color .
always avoid Caswell Hall and go to Hegeman .
avoid Maxcy Green and go to Simmons Quadrangle .
avoid Hughes Court and go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
avoid Arnold Laboratory and go to William Goddard Memorial Gate .
avoid Brown Bear and go to John Nicholas Brown Gate .
avoid 67 George and go to Arnold Laboratory .
avoid Metcalf Research Building and go to Class of 1887 Gate .
avoid Untitled Lamp/Bear and go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
avoid Hughes Court and go to Soldiers Memorial Gate .
avoid Marston Hall and go to Norwood House .
go to the List Art Building via The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate via Hegeman .
go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology via List Art Building .
go to the Brown Bear via Lyman Hall .
go to the Lincoln Field Building via Brown Bear .
go to the Faunce House via Hughes Court .
go to the Sears via J.W. Wilson .
go to the Medical Research Lab via Lyman Hall .
go to the Norwood House via Metcalf Research Building .
go through Walter Hall to the P-131317 .
go through Casey Shearer Memorial to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go through Marcus Aurelius to the Brown University .
go through Shirley Miller House to the Hope College .
go through Van Wickle Gates to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go through Brown University to the University Hall .
go through Urban Environmental Lab to the Mencoff Hall .
go through BERT to the Quiet Green .
go through Lippit House to the Sayles Hall .
go through Barus Building to the List Art Building .
go to the Hegeman through Maxcy Green
go to the Brown Bear through Blue Room
go to the Robinson Gate through Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology
go to the Sayles Hall through Wriston Quad
go to the Horace Mann House through Simmons Quadrangle
go to the College Green through Lyman Hall
go to the Circle Dance Sculpture through Hughes Court
go to the Urban Environmental Lab through BERT
go to the Faunce House through 67 George
go to the Slavery Memorial through Soldiers Memorial Gate
go through Campus Market before going to the Metcalf Research Building .
go through Soldiers Memorial Gate before going to the Saint Stephens Church .
go through Horace Mann House before going to the J.W. Wilson .
go through Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity before going to the Lyman Hall .
go through Watson Center for Information Technology before going to the Rhode Island Hall .
go through Brown University before going to the Marston Hall .
go through BERT before going to the Rhode Island Hall .
go through Minden Hall before going to the Gardner House .
go through Starbucks before going to the War Memorial .
go through Van Wickle Gates before going to the Caswell Hall .
go through John Nicholas Brown Gate before going to the Maddock Alumni  .
go through Caswell Hall before going to the Lot 76 .
go through BERT before going to the Kassar House .
go through List Art Building before going to the Watson Center for Information Technology .
go through Idee di pietra before going to the Medical Research Lab .
move to the Marston Hall but go through Van Wickle Gates first .
move to the The Ivy Room but go through Walter Hall first .
move to the University Hall but go through Kassar House first .
move to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority but go through Metcalf Research Building first .
move to the Hope College but go through Citizen's Bank first .
move to the Medical Research Lab but go through Lot 18 first .
move to the Walter Hall but go through Lot 76 first .
move to the Brown University Sciences Library but go through Blue Room first .
move to the Soldiers Memorial Gate but go through Prospect House first .
move to the Littlefield Hall but go through Brown University Sciences Library first .
move to the Kassar House but go through Maxcy Hall first .
move to the Lincoln Field Building but go through Watson Center for Information Technology first .
move to the Friedman Hall but go through Horace Mann House first .
move to the Brown Center for Students of Color but go through Marston Hall first .
navigate through Salomon Center for Teaching to the Maxcy Green .
navigate through J.W. Wilson to the Medical Research Lab .
navigate through Littlefield Hall to the Sayles Hall .
navigate through Rhode Island Hall to the Idee di pietra .
navigate through Lot 76 to the Class of 1887 Gate .
navigate through Rhode Island Hall to the Casey Shearer Memorial .
navigate through Saint Stephens Church to the Sayles Hall .
navigate through John Hay Library to the Campus Market .
navigate through Campus Market to the Marcus Aurelius .
navigate through Van Wickle Gates to the Wilbour Hall .
navigate through 86 Waterman  to the Norwood House .
navigate through Saint Stephens Church to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to Wriston Quad and then go to the John Carter Brown Library .
go to The Ivy Room and then go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
go to Maxcy Hall and then go to the Sears .
go to Maddock Alumni  and then go to the Quiet Green .
go to Sears and then go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to Casey Shearer Memorial and then go to the Metcalf Research Building .
go to Salomon Center for Teaching and then go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go to Blue Room and then go to the Lot 17 .
go to Swearer Center for Public Service and then go to the Kassar House .
go to Salomon Center for Teaching and then go to the Slater Hall .
go to Urban Environmental Lab and then go to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to 86 Waterman  and then go to the War Memorial .
go to Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology and then go to the Maxcy Green .
go to Simmons Quadrangle and then go to the Slavery Memorial .
go to Slavery Memorial and then go to the Sayles Hall .
go to Salomon Center for Teaching and then go to the Friedman Hall .
go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences and then go to the Idee di pietra .
go to Citizen's Bank and then go to the Slater Hall .
go to 86 Waterman  and then go to the Manning .
go to 86 Waterman  and then go to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to Untitled Lamp/Bear and then go to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity and then go to the Slater Hall .
go to Citizen's Bank and then go to the Maxcy Green .
go to Prospect House and then go to the Saint Stephens Church .
go to Lot 18 and then go to the Maxcy Green .
go to Lot 76 and then go to the Finlandia .
go to Sharpe Refectory and then go to the Rhode Island Hall .
go to Casey Shearer Memorial and then go to the Rockefeller Library .
go to John Hay Library and then go to the Faunce House .
go to Minden Hall and then go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go to the Metcalf Research Building through Sayles Hall .
go to the Hegeman through Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to the Urban Environmental Lab through Blue Room .
go to the Rhode Island Hall through Class of 1887 Gate .
go to the Gardner House through Citizen's Bank .
go to the Finlandia through Maxcy Hall .
go to the Wriston Quad through Horace Mann House .
go to the Norwood House through Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to the Soldiers Memorial Gate through Hughes Court .
go to the Van Wickle Gates through Marcus Aurelius .
go to the Brown Bear through Brown University Sciences Library .
go to the Kassar House through Robinson Gate .
go to the 86 Waterman  through Faunce House .
go to the Walter Hall through Brown Bear .
go to the Casey Shearer Memorial through Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
move to the John Hay Library , travelling through Prince Engineering Lab .
move to the Friedman Hall , travelling through Brown University .
move to the Marston Hall , travelling through Class of 1887 Gate .
move to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology , travelling through Van Wickle Gates .
move to the 86 Waterman  , travelling through Wilbour Hall .
move to the Quiet Green , travelling through John Hay Library .
move to the Barus Building , travelling through John Nicholas Brown Gate .
move to the Hughes Court , travelling through Barus Building .
move to the Hope College , travelling through Class of 1872 Gate .
move to the Carrie Tower , travelling through Lyman Hall .
move to the Casey Shearer Memorial , travelling through BERT .
move to the Maxcy Green , travelling through Lippit House .
move to the J.W. Wilson , travelling through Barus Building .
pass through Lot 76 before going to the Robinson Gate .
pass through Prospect House before going to the Brown University Sciences Library .
pass through Gardner House before going to the Carrie Tower .
pass through Sayles Hall before going to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
pass through Hegeman before going to the Lincoln Field Building .
pass through Maddock Alumni  before going to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
pass through Wayland before going to the Walter Hall .
pass through Manning before going to the Horace Mann House .
pass through Swearer Center for Public Service before going to the Class of 1887 Gate .
pass through Simmons Quadrangle before going to the Friedman Hall .
pass through University Hall before going to the Wilbour Hall .
pass through Metcalf Research Building before going to the Class of 1887 Gate .
pass through Van Wickle Gates before going to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
pass through Wriston Quad before going to the Starbucks .
pass through Barus Building before going to the Brown University .
pass through Brown Center for Students of Color on your way to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
pass through Norwood House on your way to the Maddock Alumni  .
pass through Robinson Hall on your way to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
pass through Arnold Laboratory on your way to the John Nicholas Brown Gate .
pass through Van Wickle Gates on your way to the Hegeman .
pass through Idee di pietra on your way to the Simmons Quadrangle .
pass through Walter Hall on your way to the Metcalf Research Building .
pass through Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences on your way to the Simmons Quadrangle .
pass through Hughes Court on your way to the Gardner House .
pass through Van Wickle Gates on your way to the Brown University Sciences Library .
pass through Campus Market on your way to the Van Wickle Gates .
pass through Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop on your way to the Lot 17 .
pass through Lot 76 on your way to the Class of 1887 Gate .
pass through Marston Hall on your way to the Lippit House .
go through Untitled Lamp/Bear and then to the Littlefield Hall .
go through Van Wickle Gates and then to the Lyman Hall .
go through Gardner House and then to the Class of 1872 Gate .
go through Swearer Center for Public Service and then to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go through Class of 1887 Gate and then to the Quiet Green .
go through John Carter Brown Library and then to the Metcalf Research Building .
go through Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences and then to the Medical Research Lab .
go through War Memorial and then to the Metcalf Research Building .
go through John Carter Brown Library and then to the Hughes Court .
go through The Ivy Room and then to the Hughes Court .
go through Friedman Hall and then to the Manning .
go through Hope College and then to the College Green .
go through John Hay Library and then to the Minden Hall .
go through Citizen's Bank and then to the Norwood House .
go through John Hay Library to the Brown Bear .
go through University Hall to the Medical Research Lab .
go through Casey Shearer Memorial to the Medical Research Lab .
go through Maxcy Green to the Rockefeller Library .
go through GeoChem and Macmillian Hall to the Circle Dance Sculpture .
go through Robinson Hall to the Saint Stephens Church .
go through Caswell Hall to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences .
go through Idee di pietra to the J.W. Wilson .
go through 86 Waterman  to the Slavery Memorial .
go through John Hay Library to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go through J.W. Wilson to the Lippit House .
go through Casey Shearer Memorial to the Lippit House .
go through John Hay Library to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology .
go through Hughes Court to the Soldiers Memorial Gate .
go through William Goddard Memorial Gate to the Caswell Hall .
go through Wilbour Hall to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop .
go through Prospect House to the College Green .
go through Horace Mann House to the Prospect House .
go through Carrie Tower to the War Memorial .
go through John Carter Brown Library to the University Hall .
go through Casey Shearer Memorial to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go through Quiet Green to the William Goddard Memorial Gate .
always pass landmark 1 to get to level 1 .
go to the Caswell Hall by going through Carrie Tower .
go to the Horace Mann House by going through Carrie Tower .
go to the Faunce House by going through Walter Hall .
go to the John Hay Library by going through Metcalf Research Building .
go to the Blue Room by going through Starbucks .
go to the Hegeman by going through Sayles Hall .
go to the Van Wickle Gates by going through Class of 1872 Gate .
go to the Mencoff Hall by going through P-131317 .
go to the Maxcy Green by going through Lot 76 .
go to Carrie Tower then go to the Robinson Hall .
go to BERT then go to the Sears .
go to 67 George then go to the John Hay Library .
go to Littlefield Hall then go to the 67 George .
go to Maddock Alumni  then go to the Arnold Laboratory .
go to Prince Engineering Lab then go to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to John Hay Library then go to the John Carter Brown Library .
go to Brown Bear then go to the Faunce House .
go to Marston Hall then go to the Metcalf Research Building .
go to the Prospect House through Lot 18 .
go to the University Hall through Wayland .
go to the Robinson Hall through Shirley Miller House .
go to the Friedman Hall through William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to the Simmons Quadrangle through William Goddard Memorial Gate .
go to the John Nicholas Brown Gate through Caswell Hall .
go to the Blue Room through Sears .
go to the J.W. Wilson through Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to the Brown University through Mencoff Hall .
go to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate through Arnold Laboratory .
go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology through Lyman Hall .
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity through BERT
go to the Blue Room through Saint Stephens Church
go to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity through Circle Dance Sculpture
go to the Blue Room through Minden Hall
go to the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology through 67 George
go to the Friedman Hall through Caswell Hall
go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences through William Goddard Memorial Gate
go to the Brown Bear through Minden Hall
go to the Maxcy Hall through The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ
go to the Brown University Sciences Library through Hope College
go to the 67 George through Slater Hall
go to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ through Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop
go to the Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop through Hegeman
go to the 86 Waterman  through Sharpe Refectory
go to the Brown Bear through Littlefield Hall
go through Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity to the Walter Hall .
go through Maxcy Green to the Finlandia .
go through Circle Dance Sculpture to the The Ivy Room .
go through Sharpe Refectory to the Brown University .
go through Prospect House to the GeoChem and Macmillian Hall .
go through Maddock Alumni  to the Horace Mann House .
go through Brown Bear to the Class of 1872 Gate .
go through BERT to the Sharpe Refectory .
go through Brown Bear to the Friedman Hall .
go through List Art Building to the Horace Mann House .
go through Prince Engineering Lab to the BERT .
go to Minden Hall , then head to the Urban Environmental Lab .
go to Marston Hall , then head to the Minden Hall .
go to Soldiers Memorial Gate , then head to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to Rhode Island Hall , then head to the College Green .
go to Sayles Hall , then head to the Finlandia .
go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority , then head to the Wriston Quad .
go to Citizen's Bank , then head to the University Hall .
go to Rockefeller Library , then head to the Simmons Quadrangle .
go to P-131317 , then head to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go to Faunce House , then head to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences , then head to the Barus Building .
go to Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences before going to the Quiet Green .
go to Idee di pietra before going to the Campus Market .
go to Maxcy Green before going to the Arnold Laboratory .
go to Barus Building before going to the University Hall .
go to Shirley Miller House before going to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go to Metcalf Research Building before going to the Barus Building .
go to Blue Room before going to the Hegeman .
go to John Nicholas Brown Gate before going to the Faunce House .
go to Maxcy Green before going to the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity .
go to Urban Environmental Lab before going to the Van Wickle Gates .
go to Maddock Alumni  before going to the The Center for the Study of Slavery and Justice CSSJ .
go to Class of 1872 Gate before going to the Brown Bear .
go to Swearer Center for Public Service before going to the Class of 1887 Gate .
go to Alpha Chi Omega Sorority before going to the Untitled Lamp/Bear .
go to Gardner House before going to the War Memorial .
go through Maddock Alumni  on your way to the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority .
go through Maxcy Hall on your way to the Wilbour Hall .
go through Lot 17 on your way to the Brown Center for Students of Color .
go through Circle Dance Sculpture on your way to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
go through Rockefeller Library on your way to the Van Wickle Gates .
go through Reclining Figure No. 2 — Bridge Prop on your way to the Manning .
go through Urban Environmental Lab on your way to the Idee di pietra .
go through Brown Bear on your way to the Prospect House .
go through John Hay Library on your way to the Barus Building .
go through Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology before going to the Swearer Center for Public Service .
go through Marcus Aurelius before going to the Simmons Quadrangle .
go through Soldiers Memorial Gate before going to the Wilbour Hall .
go through Minden Hall before going to the Urban Environmental Lab .
go through Walter Hall before going to the Norwood House .
go through Soldiers Memorial Gate before going to the Urban Environmental Lab .
go through Rhode Island Hall before going to the Morgan Witter Rogers Gate .
go through John Hay Library before going to the Robinson Gate .
go through Shirley Miller House before going to the P-131317 .
go to the Hegeman through Wilbour Hall
go to the Class of 1887 Gate through Lot 18
go to the Lincoln Field Building through Robinson Hall
go to the Hughes Court through Blue Room
go to the Marston Hall through Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology
go to the College Green through Medical Research Lab
go to the Casey Shearer Memorial through Lincoln Field Building
go to the Brown Bear through Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology
go to the Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, and Psychological Sciences through Robinson Hall
go to the Finlandia through Walter Hall
go to the Van Wickle Gates through 67 George
go to the List Art Building through Wayland
go to the Norwood House through Marcus Aurelius
go to Brown University Sciences Library before navigating to the Hope College .
go to Robinson Gate before navigating to the Simmons Quadrangle .
go to Arnold Laboratory before navigating to the Quiet Green .
go to Lyman Hall before navigating to the Hegeman .
go to Brown University Sciences Library before navigating to the Brown University .
go to Campus Market before navigating to the Lot 17 .
go to Norwood House before navigating to the Maddock Alumni  .
go to Rockefeller Library before navigating to the Salomon Center for Teaching .
go to John Hay Library before navigating to the War Memorial .
go to John Carter Brown Library before navigating to the 67 George .
go to Swearer Center for Public Service before navigating to the Wilbour Hall .
